===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation First Quarter 2025 Conference Call. My name is Joelle, and I will be your conference operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the call over to Robin Zondervan, Vice President, Investor Relations and FP&A. You may begin.
Robin Zondervan: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2025 first quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco, and Rick Westenberg, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under investor relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we cannot take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Robin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I want to start today by talking about some significant changes that have occurred since our last quarterly call. One of these changes was the announcement of my decision to retire as President and CEO of Masco and the appointment of John Nooty as our incoming President and CEO. It has truly been an honor to lead Masco for over a decade, and I am so very proud of all our employees and the work we have accomplished together. We have built and refined our core portfolio of leading brands to focus on innovative repair and remodel products. We have embedded the Masco operating system throughout the entire company, which has allowed us to significantly expand our operating profit margins. Finally, we have delivered long-term value to our shareholders, achieving compound annual earnings per share growth of more than 12% over the last five calendar years. I am confident that Masco is in great hands going forward under John's leadership. John has been on our board of directors since 2023, and I have seen firsthand his strategic vision, his commitment to customer service, and his recognition of the strength of our Masco team in delivering superior results. I am currently working very closely with John to ensure a seamless transition, and we are excited about officially welcoming him to the Masco team at the beginning of July. We also experienced significant changes in the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment, including the enactment of new and broad-reaching tariffs. The extent of the tariffs currently imposed on imports from China is substantial and will increase our overall costs considerably, particularly in our plumbing segment. Our experienced teams are actively taking steps to mitigate these increased costs. Our mitigation efforts are extensive and include pricing actions, additional cost savings initiatives, and ongoing changes to our sourcing footprint. As we have done in the past, we are rapidly responding to the shifting economic landscape. However, a high level of uncertainty remains around how these changes and associated higher prices will ultimately impact demand trends across our industry moving forward. Therefore, we will not be providing full-year financial guidance this quarter. However, we do want to dimension how we are thinking about the impact of tariffs and the related mitigation actions in 2025. First, based on the tariffs enacted this year, we expect in-year costs of approximately $400 million prior to mitigation efforts. Second, based on our extensive mitigation actions, we currently estimate that we can offset approximately $200 to $250 million or roughly 50% to 65% of these costs during the current year. We currently anticipate mitigating the remaining net tariff costs by the end of 2026. Finally, while it is reasonable to assume a potential softening of demand in the near term, we are not yet able to estimate the timing or extent of the impact on volumes that may result from the direct or indirect impacts of these additional tariffs. Rick will provide additional details in a few minutes about these expected in-year and annualized impacts from the enacted tariffs and our related mitigation actions. Our teams have demonstrated their capability to manage through these environments in the past, from the COVID pandemic to unforeseen supply chain challenges to previously enacted tariffs. Therefore, we are confident that we have the right teams and plans in place to work quickly toward mitigating the various impacts arising from the recently enacted tariffs. Amidst all these changes and the work we are doing to address their impact on our business, we remain focused on our core strengths: our market-leading brands, our exceptional customer service, and our innovative product portfolio. This quarter, we introduced several innovative new products and received a variety of awards across our businesses, a few of which are highlighted on slide five. Beginning with North American Plumbing, Delta Faucet showcased multiple new and winning products at the Kitchen and Bath Industry Show held in February, including the Pivot Pro three-in-one combination shower, the ShowerSense digital shower, and the Brizo Frank Lloyd Wright kitchen and bath collections. Additionally, Delta Faucet received multiple awards in recognition of their outstanding service to their customers, including the prestigious J.D. Powers customer service excellence award, which they received for the fourth year in a row. In our spa business, Watkins Wellness launched two new cold plunge products. Cold plunge is the ideal complement to our existing spa and sauna portfolio, as customers can enjoy the multiple benefits of integrating both cold and hot therapies into their wellness routine. In our international plumbing business, Hansgrohe continued to demonstrate their leadership at the ISH sanitation and heating show held in March. Two of their new premium products, Braindance Alive and Avalegra, received IF Design Gold Awards in the sanitary category. Since 2015, Hansgrohe has won more IF Gold awards than any other manufacturer. In our decorative architectural segment, Behr was voted the most trusted paint and stain brand among consumers in the United States and Canada by BrandSpark, demonstrating the continued strength and exceptional quality of our leading Behr brand. With that, I'll now discuss our first quarter results. Please turn to slide six. In the first quarter, our top line decreased 6%, partially due to our divestiture of Kichler in the prior year. Excluding this divestiture and the unfavorable impact of currency, sales decreased 3%, primarily due to lower volumes in the Decorative Architectural segment. Gross margins increased 20 basis points to 35.9%. Operating profit was $288 million, and operating profit margin was solid at 16%. Earnings per share for the quarter was $0.87. Turning to our segments, plumbing sales increased 1% in local currency. North American plumbing sales also increased 1% in local currency, driven by higher volumes in response to our spa and sauna business and favorable pricing, partially offset by lower volumes in our retail channel. International plumbing sales were flat in local currency, as higher volumes in Europe and slightly favorable pricing were offset by unfavorable mix. Operating profit for the segment was $219 million, and operating margin was 18.5%. We are pleased with our overall performance in the plumbing segment this quarter, as sales were slightly higher than anticipated, and operating margin was in line with our expectations. Turning to our Decorative Architectural segment, sales decreased 16%, or 8% excluding our divestiture of Kichler. Overall paint sales were down high single digits, including a partial reversal of the inventory timing benefit that impacted Q4 of 2024. Excluding this impact, overall paint sales were down mid-single digits, and DIY paint sales were down high single digits, while pro paint sales were up mid-single digits. Operating profit for the segment was $96 million, and operating margin was 15.6%. We are seeing ongoing demand pressure across the industry in DIY paint, driven by a dampened macroeconomic environment, and expect that this will continue as the year progresses. However, we continue to grow in the pro paint category, driven by the quality and performance of our products, the strength of our partnership with The Home Depot, and our expanded services and support for our pro customers. This has led to ongoing share gains as we continue to capitalize on sizable growth opportunities in the pro paint market. Demand softening as consumers spend more cautiously amidst this uncertain economic backdrop. However, as I mentioned earlier, the extent and duration of this impact cannot yet be determined until there is more clarity on the tariff policies and the overall macroeconomic conditions. Once that occurs, and as additional information becomes available, we will be able to provide further financial guidance at that time. Masco is a resilient company, and the long-term fundamentals of the repair and remodel industry remain strong. Our product portfolio is well-positioned to deliver meaningful results as we execute on our strategic initiatives and maintain our disciplined capital deployment. As I reflect on my tenure as CEO of Masco, it's the strength of our people and our teams that has allowed us to outperform the market and drive long-term shareholder value creation, especially in dynamic times. Our people are at the heart of what we do each day, and we remain focused on driving results through our leading global brands, innovative products, and customer service. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick for further details around our first quarter expected tariff impacts and related mitigation actions. Rick?
Rick Westenberg: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining. Before I get started, I would like to take a moment to congratulate Keith on a successful 27-year career at Masco. Through his strong leadership, he has been instrumental in reshaping Masco's portfolio, driving significant operational improvements across the company, developing senior leadership talent, and delivering outstanding financial results. On a personal note, I'd like to thank Keith for his partnership over the past year and a half and wish him all the best in his future endeavors. Now turning to our results. As Robin mentioned, comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization charges and other one-time items. Turning to slide eight, sales in the first quarter decreased 6%, or 3% excluding the impacts of our divestiture of Kichler and unfavorable currency. Our divestiture of Kichler in the third quarter of 2024 decreased sales by 3% year over year in the first quarter of 2025. In local currency, North American sales decreased 7% but decreased 3% excluding the divestiture impact. International sales were in line with the prior year in local currency. Gross margin increased 20 basis points in the quarter to 35.9%. SG&A decreased $9 million year over year, driven by our divestiture, partially offset by increased marketing expenses. SG&A as a percent of sales was 19.9% in the quarter. Given the current environment, we are actively managing our expenses and taking appropriate cost savings actions. Operating profit was $288 million in the quarter, and our margin was 16%. Operating profit was impacted primarily by lower volume and higher marketing costs. Lastly, our EPS was $0.87 per share. Turning to slide nine, plumbing sales decreased 1% in the first quarter but increased 1% excluding the unfavorable impact of currency. Favorable pricing increased sales by 1%, offset by unfavorable mix, which reduced sales by 1%. In local currency, North American plumbing sales increased 1% in the quarter. This performance was driven by continued share gains in the e-commerce channel and growth at our specialty spa and sauna dealers, partially offset by softness in the retail channel. In local currency, international plumbing sales were in line with the prior year, driven by favorable volume and pricing actions, offset by unfavorable mix. Hansgrohe achieved growth in its key market of Germany, as well as other European markets. This was offset by softness in various other markets, particularly China. Segment operating profit in the first quarter and operating margin was 18.5%. Operating profit was impacted by unfavorable mix and higher trade show costs during the quarter, partially offset by cost savings initiatives and a favorable price-cost relationship. Turning to slide ten, decorative architectural sales decreased 16% in the first quarter. The divestiture of Kichler lowered sales by 8% in the quarter. Total paint sales decreased high single digits, impacted by a partial reversal of the favorable inventory impact in Q4 of last year, as mentioned in our February call. Excluding this unfavorable inventory impact, total paint sales were down mid-single digits in the first quarter, with pro paint sales up mid-single digits in line with our expectations and DIY paint sales down high single digits, below our expectations. DIY paint performance was driven by continued softness in the DIY market, and we now anticipate this weakness to continue as the year progresses. Operating profit in the first quarter was $96 million, and operating margin was 15.6%. Operating profit was primarily impacted by lower volume, including inventory timing. Turning to slide eleven, our balance sheet remains strong with a gross debt to EBITDA at 2.1 times at quarter end. We ended the quarter with $1.2 billion of liquidity, including cash and availability under our revolving credit facility. Working capital was 18.7% of sales at quarter end, in line with Q1 2024. Given our strong cash performance, we were able to return $196 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, including the repurchase of $130 million in stock in the first quarter. As it relates to capital allocation for the remainder of the year, there is no change to our overall framework. We continue to expect to invest approximately $175 million through capital expenditures, to pay a dividend of $1.24 per share, and to deploy all available free cash flow towards share repurchases or acquisitions. Lastly, as Keith mentioned earlier, given the highly volatile and uncertain market environment related to tariffs, we are not providing 2025 financial guidance. However, we will try to provide some clarity around our tariff exposure and impact based on the currently enacted tariffs, as well as the estimated benefits from our ongoing mitigation actions. As discussed on our fourth quarter call, our current import exposure to China tariffs is approximately $450 million, representing a 45% reduction from our peak exposure in 2018. We estimate the total annualized impact from incremental tariffs to be approximately $675 million before mitigation. This includes the incremental China tariffs of 145%, which amounts to an annualized cost impact of approximately $625 million, plus an approximately $50 million of incremental annual expense from tariffs on steel and aluminum, and the 10% global reciprocal tariffs. Of this approximately $675 million total annual cost, we expect a 2025 in-year impact of approximately $400 million before mitigation, with the impact largely occurring in the second half of the year. We are actively working to mitigate these additional costs through price increases, cost reductions, and continued efforts to change our sourcing footprint. First, we expect to implement meaningful price increases over the course of 2025. Second, we are expanding our cost reduction efforts across the business, delaying or eliminating noncritical spend while preserving investments in key growth areas of the business. Furthermore, we continue to work with our suppliers to achieve additional cost reductions. Based on our expectations of the extent and timing of our price and cost reduction actions, we currently believe we can mitigate approximately $200 to $250 million, or roughly 50% to 65% of the tariff costs in 2025, leaving a net impact of approximately $150 to $200 million in 2025 prior to any potential volume impact. As we exit 2025, we believe our actions have the potential to mitigate 60% to 75% of the impact of the currently enacted tariffs on a run-rate basis. We will continue to work to mitigate the remaining impact by the end of 2026 through accelerating changes to our sourcing footprint. It is important to note that these tariff impacts and mitigation estimates do not consider potential unfavorable impacts on volumes related to price increases or the overall market environment. These impacts remain highly uncertain, as does the overall tariff and macroeconomic environment. Additionally, these estimates are based on currently enacted tariffs and do not attempt to estimate the impact of potential future tariffs or changes in existing tariffs. Needless to say, the overall environment remains highly uncertain. We will provide updates to the impacts on our business as appropriate and expect to update our outlook for 2025 once we have more clarity. To echo Keith's comments, I would like to recognize and thank our teams for their tremendous efforts in responding to this rapidly changing environment. Our teams have a demonstrated track record, and I'm confident in our ability to navigate these challenging times. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question and one follow-up during the Q&A session. To ask a question, please press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, please press star two. Your first question comes from Michael Dahl with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Dahl: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for all the comments and John, welcome to the company. First, I'd love to delve a little bit into some of the top-line trends, you know, not only in the first quarter, but you know, if you can provide any kind of commentary on April. You mentioned during the prepared remarks that your DIY paint was a little bit below expectations. I'm really more interested in the trend line through the first, let's say, roughly four months of the year, both in paint and plumbing, and, you know, if you have any kind of insights into maybe, you know, 2Q overall, how we should think about the top line?
Keith Allman: Thanks, Mike. Just to be clear, I'm on the call today, and John will be joining us in July.
Michael Dahl: Yep. Now I've got that. Wasn't sure if he was there, but okay. Fair enough.
Keith Allman: So with regards to how the overall top-line trends are looking, as we sit here kind of mid-April, and e-commerce, I'll take a channel cut at it first. In e-commerce, we continue to have really nice strong performance. So that continues to be a favorable aspect of our business. We've been investing in that both in terms of technology and people for quite some time. Have what we believe to be a leadership position, and that continues to grow and do well for us. We did particularly well in international plumbing. That continues to be strong for us. In Central Europe, we're seeing and getting more stabilization specifically in our home country of Germany, where we're the share leader. And that continues to go well. Of course, we're having a little bit of a slowdown, if you will, in China. It's a higher-end part of our business, so that's giving us a little bit of a mix hit geographically when we think about the overall international plumbing demand in China. In the US, we're seeing in plumbing a little bit of softening in both trade and the retail channel, but particularly in the retail channel. And then on the paint side, very strong performance in our pro paint segment. We continue to what we believe to be outgrow the market and gain share. So we're gaining share and we're holding share. Very strong net promoter scores continue with our customers. And the value proposition that we're able to deliver with our partner, The Home Depot, remains strong. We are seeing some softening in the DIY paint market. This has been relatively consistent, and we can expect again, this is a view in terms of the future. But we expect this softness to continue through the remainder of the year. So I think we've got pockets of good strength and continued growth that are favorable. But overall, I would say that our view is that the consumer is tentative, particularly as we look at the volatility that exists both geopolitically and from a macroeconomic perspective. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of view across the horn.
Michael Dahl: No. No. No. That's very helpful, Keith. Appreciate that. I guess, secondly, you know, maybe to try and dimensionalize a little bit specifically when you talk about, you know, the mitigation efforts on the tariffs, and specifically, you know, the price increases, which I would assume would be the primary offset or mitigation action, you know, for the back half of this year at least. And correct me if I'm wrong on that. But if we're talking about, you know, $200 to $250 million, maybe you could kind of dimensionalize that in terms of maybe what that would mean in terms of an average price increase for your, you know, key plumbing products? And if you've seen any type of prior instances of demand elasticity, or inelasticity, you know, or the amount that, you know, you would expect maybe demand to react off of those price increases, let's say, in a vacuum? And I know that obviously, a lot of different macro drivers are influencing demand as well. But if you have any thoughts on that.
Rick Westenberg: Sure, Mike. It's Rick. I'll take a shot at that. So as we articulated in terms of our mitigation components of our mitigation actions, there's obviously a number of facets to it. The main buckets are pricing, cost reduction, and sourcing footprint changes. And as you anticipated, at least in the near term, i.e., 2025, the bulk of those actions are going to be pricing and cost reduction. Those are things that we can pull in the near term. Sourcing footprint is something that we continue to focus on. We've made meaningful progress in terms of changing our sourcing footprint over time. The team continues to execute and to accelerate that. But it will take a longer horizon to effectuate some of those sourcing changes. So as it pertains to 2025, it is primarily pricing and cost. The bulk of the majority of that is pricing, as you anticipated. We are not going to quantify the pricing magnitude per se or the price increases. They vary by business unit, and they vary by, you know, product category. And it's over the course of 2025, as you would anticipate. The tariffs started to roll into effect on February 4th, continued in March, and then again escalated in April. And so our pricing has been responsive to that, and we're going to continue to execute on that. As it pertains to elasticity, I think we're in a bit of uncharted territory as it pertains to that. We obviously are confident in the strength of our brands and our product. So we think there's some resiliency there. But ultimately, just given not only the elasticity dynamic but the uncertainty in terms of the macroeconomic and the consumer sentiment are unknown. And quite frankly, that is really the root of why we prudently decided not to provide financial guidance just given the uncertainty. But the teams, like, you know, rest assured the teams are hyper-focused with regards to developing and executing mitigation strategies. And as Keith mentioned in his remarks, you know, we've got confidence given the team's experience and capabilities that we'll navigate this as we've done in the past.
Michael Dahl: Great. Thanks so much, Rick.
Rick Westenberg: Sure, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Stephen Kim: Thanks very much, guys, and yeah, we obviously appreciate all the efforts here to give us some framework on how you're going to manage this tariffs thing. I guess I wanted to drill in on the pricing. I guess, you know, with respect to being in uncharted territory because of consumer sentiment and those impacts, it seems like in DIY paint, you're already starting to see that. And you haven't even taken any pricing actions, really, I'm assuming yet. I'm curious if you think that maybe what you're seeing in the consumer is maybe some stockpiling ahead of some tariffs, and maybe they're cherry-picking, you know, or prioritizing some products where they think that, you know, they could be vulnerable and paint would maybe not be one of them. And if you think that had any impact on what you saw in the quarter or if there's anything else that would provide a little bit of color for why DIY paint in particular would have been impacted. It feels like more than some of your other products, you know, particularly, you know, pro paint seems like it did better. And just if you could help us drill in a little bit more about what you saw in the DIY paint that caused the, you know, the miss relative to what we're looking for.
Keith Allman: Hey, Stephen, Keith. With regards to stockpiling, we don't have specific data where we've gone out and queried the consumer to see if they're stocking up and putting faucets in their basement or stacking up gallons of paint in anticipation of future projects. I doubt significantly that that is the case as we see rather consistent POS data that, you know, is not indicative of something like some sort of a pre-COVID stockpile of some consumer goods or something of that sort. So I discount that, and I'm confident in that even though I don't have data. With regards to the DIY paint performance, this is something that we've seen consistently now for a number of years where, if you recall, you know, having been following us for a while, Stephen, where DIY paint was a flat to slightly down kind of market overall for, call it, five years. And in recent times, as we see the demographic shift of the baby boomers who were very much strong and avid painters, now getting to an age where they're choosing to use a professional to install the paint rather than themselves and the backfill of the millennials, which we are seeing, and we do believe that when and our data shows that they are not only DIYers but multiple project DIYers rather than, say, a one and done. So it's just not it hasn't come to the level of where it's backfilling that. So there's clearly a shift from DIY to pro. So that's a component of it. Secondly, when you think about sensitivity, we believe that the consumer that is in that DIY market tends to be more price-sensitive and more sensitive to overall macroeconomic concerns like we're in now than a more affluent customer. So when we interestingly, when we look across our portfolio, we continue to see the higher-end consumer hanging in there relatively robustly when we look at, you know, our higher-end plumbing brands, for example. We do continue to see some pretty good demand. So I think it's a combination of the consumer itself in that DIY space as it relates to sensitivity to price and a migration from a heavy consumer that is continuing as it relates to the baby boomer starting to hire a pro. Now when I step back and look at what type of assortment I would want to have leading into these kinds of conditions as it relates to what's going to be the most resilient in tough times, what's going to be able to rebound, it is in fact a lower ticket repair and remodel product. Particularly the products and the assortments that we have that give, quote-unquote, a very nice bang for the buck. So I think when you combine that the strength of our assortment that we've built over time, together with the experience of our leadership teams, even though these are tough times, I think we have a nice hand to play.
Stephen Kim: That's really interesting. I want to sort of pull on that thread a little bit more, Keith. So initially, when you were talking about the fact that the price elasticity was typically more felt immediately by the lower-end consumer, I was curious as to whether you thought that that could actually lead to maybe a richer mix. You know, but, you know, but it sounds like what you're saying is that maybe that might happen in the near term. But then on a longer-term basis, you actually think that the lower end, which is maybe more need-based, is going to be more resilient. So I just want to make sure I'm understanding that what you're describing there is a bit of a dichotomy, you know, from a timing perspective. And then that kind of leads into my broader question, which is about how dynamic you can be with pricing. You know, we're not used to situations where you're sort of, you know, needing to increase price and then maybe take it back and all that. But we're living in a world right now where the primary driver to your need to raise price is actually quite unpredictable. And so I'm curious if you could talk about your ability to be dynamic with your pricing, as we may be heading in uncharted waters there.
Keith Allman: Yeah. Great questions. In terms of the mix, while we are seeing the premium consumer hanging in there, I do believe and we did see a little bit of a mix hit this quarter. And I do believe in tough economic times, generally speaking, there will tend to be a trade down. We've worked hard, as we've discussed in the past and in prior calls, to use our operating system to reduce the margin performance across both pricing segmentation in the assortment as well as various channels. So that we are more agnostic to shifts across channels or across price segments, but there will be, I believe, a mix shift down. Now in this environment, an interesting thing to consider is while I believe there will be and we are seeing a mix shift down, in prior cycles like this, I've seen the private label portion of the assortment take some share. We, you know, we generally perform pretty well because we're across all the segments. But it will be, I believe, a little bit different dynamic due to the high concentration of China buy-in that private label type of piece of the assortment. So I do think there will be within segments of the assortment, there will be a trade down. With the caveat of I'm not so sure about what's going to happen on the private label side. With response to pricing and being able to be dynamic with the pricing, you're exactly right. And that is what we are driving our leadership teams towards. Is the ability to not only understand our assortments and to have a keen dataset on where that sweet spot is between price and volume. Obviously, this is a multipronged approach. We do not believe that pricing alone is the best, most competitive toolset to manage through these dynamic times. We think it is a combination of pricing, cost out, supplier negotiations, and footprint changes. So we're driving across that whole basket of initiatives. But the ultimate objective here is to reach the profit maximization point as it relates to the combination of all those factors. Time and price being primary. So the ability to be dynamic with our pricing, to be able to execute, to understand the best price to be at, and to be able to execute that quickly. Both ways. Both up and down, together with a very strong drive on the cost outs, we think is the right dynamic. And again, in these kinds of times, it's really about the people. And it's about the systems we have in place. And the portfolio that you're dealing with. And we are dealing with what I believe to be the best possible portfolio of products and businesses that we could have going into an environment like this because we set out to build that less cyclical, more resilient, high margin. We're also dealing with an extremely experienced team. You know, we recovered from COVID, and we brought higher margins to our investors. When we had unheard-of price escalations, we were able to manage that with higher margins, more price, and took market share. When we were dealt with absolutely unheard-of supply chain challenges, whether you talk about a ship blocking the Suez Canal or a freeze in Southern Texas that practically took down the petrochemical industry to a paint colorant plant exploding. We were the most dynamic in that environment, and we took significant market share in paint, for example, through those. So we're a battle-tested team. And, whilst nobody wants this sort of macroeconomic challenge, we're ready for it both with our assortment and with our dynamic pricing capability and with our dynamic supply chain.
Stephen Kim: Got it. Best of luck, and, yeah, appreciate all the color. Thanks.
Keith Allman: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Next question comes from Sam Reid with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Sam Reid: Awesome. Thanks so much. I wanted to touch on the new build channel. I know you have some exposure here on the plumbing side. There's been some talk about one of your large competitors attempting to take share in new builds. Have you had to adjust your go-to-market strategy with respect to price and maybe just contract price realization potential from tariffs and new build versus some of your more traditional and retail trade channels? You know, are you expecting to get more price realization in retail and trade versus, say, the builders given the dynamics?
Keith Allman: You know, we're a remodel repair and remodel company. I think our mix is north of 85% of repair and remodel. And we approximately pick and choose the new build customers that we go after that value the innovation and the service basket that we bring to them. So that is not a part of our focus. In terms of a specific pricing strategy and how we're looking at price across channels and the ability to get price and how hard or easy it is in different channels, I'm not going to get into that. We're not going to get into our specific pricing strategies for obvious reasons, but I will tell you that we have it it's not only just the dynamic capabilities in our systems to get price, it's also our talented sales force and our commercial folks. And it's the value we bring with our strong brands and innovation pipelines to give us that must-have position on the shelf, so to speak. So it's a whole collection of what Masco brings, and we're going to continue to drive that. And I feel good about our capabilities entering into these challenges.
Sam Reid: No. That's helpful, Keith. And then maybe switching gears. And you sort of alluded to this in your response to Steve, but maybe just to put a finer point on this. You know, just want to think through brand performance quarter to date. So, you know, you sell brands like Delta, you know, which maybe are a little bit more over-indexed to home centers. You sell brands like Brizo, then index to higher-income consumers. Just curious if there's been any noticeable differential in terms of performance across those brands quarter to date, you know, as the consumer has digested the early effects of tariffs. Thanks.
Keith Allman: Yeah. Well, as I said earlier, we're seeing some strong performance in e-commerce and in our international plumbing businesses. It's tough, as I've always said, to really nail down specifically the market size quarter to quarter, but when we look across our businesses versus and performance versus competition, I'm very comfortable in saying we're gaining share in e-commerce, we're gaining share in international plumbing, and they're doing a great job there. With regards to, you know, in the showroom and the higher end, we've got pockets of our higher end still hanging in there. In geographies internationally where we tend to have a higher mix, they're still hanging in there well, so less affected. And we are seeing some pressure, as I mentioned, in retail and specifically in the DIY paint area.
Sam Reid: Oh, that's helpful. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Your line is now open.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. And, Keith, congratulations for everything, you know, you've done at Masco in the next chapter.
Keith Allman: Thanks.
Anthony Pettinari: Rick, you talked about changes in sourcing, and I'm wondering if you can talk about kind of how you're attacking this maybe versus the last round of tariffs and, I guess, the first Trump administration or maybe even during the pandemic? Is this moving out of China into, you know, Asia or Mexico and Canada or back to the US? And if you can just talk about sort of the activities involved and has some of the sort of low-hanging fruit in terms of resourcing been picked? Or how do you think about it?
Rick Westenberg: Sure. Good morning, Anthony. So as you alluded to, we've been on a sourcing footprint journey for a number of years, really dating back to 2018, 2019. And we've successfully reduced our tariff import exposure to China by about 45%. And that journey continues even predating the tariffs that were enacted this year. The team had been working very methodically to migrate our footprint to different jurisdictions. I'm not going to get into specifics of the strategy. But it has been something that the team has continued to do in a very cost-effective way. Clearly, given the increase in tariffs specifically on China, we've accelerated or are accelerating those efforts. As we articulated, it is something that we're working through this year, but will stem into next year as well. As it pertains to the US, we do have, it's worth noting, a very strong and robust footprint in the US. We've got 29 manufacturing facilities and a similar number of warehouses and distribution centers, and the majority of our sourcing for the US market is in the US, but we have a diversified and extensive supply chain. Like many multinational companies, it's international in terms of sourcing, and similar to ours, it is. And, you know, from our perspective, we're focused on a resilient, diversified, and robust supply chain. And, you know, we'll factor that in as we continue to make moves. In terms of the specific geographies, something that we continue to evaluate running scenarios as it pertains to what may happen in the future. Quite frankly, that's part of the challenge in terms of the uncertainty and the dynamic environment of tariff policy as it stands today. But rest assured, the team is working very assertively in terms of not only reducing our exposure to China but making sure that we've got a robust, resilient supply chain going forward.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just a follow-up. You talked about, I think, April demand by channel. I'm just curious. Did you see consumers or channel per following the tariff news itself, which I think was April 2nd? Or is the volume impact that you're talking about maybe more anticipatory or something that you sort of expect to occur?
Rick Westenberg: The volume trends, I think, that Keith articulated are really what we're seeing year to date. So as articulated in Q1, our opening remarks in terms of our strengths from an e-commerce perspective, as well as a pro paint standpoint in international plumbing. And our continued, you know, industry weakness in DIY paint are ones that we've seen kind of year to date. Really, we haven't seen any meaningful inflection point as it pertains to the post-April 2nd announcement. I think it's just introduced a numb amount of uncertainty and volatility in the market as it pertains to expectations and consumer confidence, as we've all seen. And that's something that is really highly uncertain in terms of how it's going to play out, but it's still early days, and we're monitoring and tracking the situation very closely. Given the uncertainty, that's why we've elected not to provide an outlook, not only on the market, in terms of our financial expectations for the year. In terms of inventory, if that was what you were getting at, we really what we've seen is what I would classify as typical seasonal trends on inventory. We did have some beneficial inventory that we pulled forward last year in Q4 that we talked about on the last call. And we saw a partial unwinding of that this quarter. But I would say, no significant changes as it relates to inventories in the channels.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Next question comes from John Lovallo with UBS.
John Lovallo: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one is on the partial reversal of the inventory timing that you talked about on the paint side. It seems to imply that there's some more that needs to be worked through. Can you just help us kind of quantify the impact that is expected in the second quarter?
Rick Westenberg: Sure, John. So just to maybe dimension the reversal that we saw in Q1. So the way I would think about it is a couple of folds. One is our paint sales in Q1 were down high single digits. Adjusted for the reversal of the favorable inventory build in Q4 and one of our key channel partners, we were down mid-single digits. So the difference between high and mid-single digits. The other way to triangulate it is we are down 16% year over year in terms of our decorative architectural product sales. Half of that related to our Kichler divestiture, and the other half related to issue volume. And half of that volume, or roughly 4%, related to the partial unwind of the inventory. As it pertains to what we see going forward, it's not an exact science. Obviously, inventory varies quarter to quarter, year over year. But what I would say is that inventory levels in the channel are still higher year over year. We've a big chunk of that reversed in Q1, but there is presumably potentially more quote-unquote normalization to be expected. We're not going to size that at this point, but there's still something that we think is still a potential headwind going forward. And that's reflected in terms of our expectation.
John Lovallo: Understood. The follow-up would be then just on the SG&A side, the 19.9% is a percentage of sales. You know, understanding that there's some loss of leverage there and you talked about higher marketing costs. I guess I wanted to focus on the higher marketing costs. I mean, can you quantify what that was in the quarter and the ability to kind of pull those out here as we move forward?
Rick Westenberg: Sure, John. Yeah. The higher marketing costs are principally related to the higher trade show cost in Q1 that we communicated in our Q4 call in February that we expect to see in Q1. So it's not only the KBIS Show in Vegas, but principally the biannual ISH show in Frankfurt. And so from a standpoint of year over year, that's a big driver in terms of, you know, quote-unquote marketing cost. In terms of sizing, I guess what I would how I would characterize it is in terms of our plumbing segment, we were down $9 million year over year. And let's say a majority of that could be attributed to a number of factors, but a majority of that could be attributed to the higher trade show cost. And that's a Q1 phenomenon.
John Lovallo: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Matthew Bouley: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the questions. Of course, congratulations to Keith and best wishes on retirement. So on the 2026, the, you know, the idea that you'd be able to mitigate most of it by the end of next year. I guess first, if you could just clarify, was that mitigating the entire $675 million or just the $400 million of in-year costs? So just a clarification there. But more broadly, you know, next year, is it a similar playbook of kind of pricing first followed by cost and sourcing? So you would need to take additional price, or in 2026, does it, you know, perhaps more come from sourcing as you've kind of shifted that over the next several months? Thank you.
Rick Westenberg: Yeah. Sure, Matt. It's Rick. So as it pertains to the mitigation actions, as we articulated, this year, in-year, we would anticipate that our actions would mitigate about 50% to 65% of the in-year $400 million impact. But by the end of the year, by the end of 2025, we would expect that run-rate mitigation to be closer to 60% to 75% as pricing and other cost actions take hold. To answer your specific question, it pertains to 2026, our actions are targeting to mitigate the remainder of the annualized impact of $675 million by the end of 2026. Now as a caveat, or that is really the raw numbers. We aren't factoring in or anticipating or guiding towards an expectation of what the volume impacts could be, the direct or indirect. But as it pertains to our mitigation actions, we are targeting to mitigate the full $675 million by the end of 2026. And then, you know, in terms of the proportion of the mitigation efforts in 2026, we would anticipate that to lean more heavily into sourcing footprint changes more so than price or cost, but, of course, we'll continue to drive cost. And there will be targeted pricing actions across the assortment undoubtedly, but the majority of it would come in 2026 from resourcing footprint.
Matthew Bouley: Yep. Got it. Okay. Perfect. Thank you for that color. And then secondly, obviously, you guys took down the slide around the kind of 2026 margin targets, which is, you know, seems entirely unsurprising. If 2025 is a starting point, it is unclear. But just to ask the question and put it out there, do you view any kind of change to the structural profitability potential of the business or is it just simply the former where there's too much uncertainty and this is more of a timing issue? Thank you.
Keith Allman: You know, we had strong margin performance in 2024. Our pipeline looks of cost initiatives is very solid, very confident in the margin targets that we set out in 2026. So for us, it's not so much a question of if we can drive to those, it's when. And looking at the uncertainty that we're facing now, that's why we've pulled our financial guidance. But, no, we're confident in the ability of this business to continue to drive improved margin performance.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. Thanks, Keith. Good luck, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Dahl with RBC.
Mike Dahl: Steve Heckeville. Career. Congrats, and congrats on being able to step away and enjoy the next phase. I wanted to drill down on the actual number around the tariffs that it seems like the majority of your exposure that you're outlining is coming from China, but you do have exposures in Vietnam and Southeast Asia and Mexico. So maybe could you give us a little more clarity on your cost of goods exposure to those areas just since the tariff environment is uncertain where we ultimately land. And with PepsiCo specifically, yeah, how much of your product being shipped to the US is currently exempt under USMCA?
Rick Westenberg: Sure, Mike. It's Rick. As you articulated and as we've outlined, our biggest exposure from a tariff perspective is our imports from China. As evidenced by the fact that the current annualized impact based off of the currently enacted tariffs, $625 of the $675 relates to China. I think that's evidence of the disproportionate exposure to China. In terms of our other exposures, we're not going to quantify them certainly not at this point. I think in terms of dimensionality, as we did share that in terms of the other tariffs that were enacted, on steel and aluminum and the 10% reciprocal tariffs, that amounted or totaled to a $50 million annualized impact. So that puts it into perspective, I believe. As it pertains to Mexico and Canada, we've articulated this on a prior call. We do have a meaningful exposure from a Mexico import perspective, principally related to our Watkins Wellness business because we have a couple of facilities in Mexico that import into the US. And so that's something that we're tracking very closely. Canada isn't as meaningful, but something that we're monitoring closely. And to answer your last question, in terms of USMCA exemption, the vast majority of our products are qualified for USMCA exemption.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thanks, Rick. That's helpful. My follow-up question is just as a point of clarification, I think your higher guidance just assumed the 10% tariffs on China and that you would effectively fully mitigate those. So when we're thinking about building the year, you know, is it really just like, this entire amount that you're outlining is effectively incremental. So the $150 to $200 million of cost that you can't offset in-year that is entirely incremental plus whatever the volume decremental is. Is that right?
Rick Westenberg: Yeah. Mike, your recollection is correct. And we provided our guidance on our February call the 10% China tariff, was in effect and what was baked into our guidance at that time. So incremental to that has been 135% to 145% minus 10% in terms of incremental China tariffs. The 25% steel and aluminum tariffs, and the 10% global recyclable tariffs are all what I would consider incremental to what we had contemplated and had known quite frankly on our February call.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Robin for closing remarks.
Robin Zondervan: We'd like to thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning. For your interest in Masco. That concludes today's call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-11 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2024 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Conference Call. My name is Joel, and I will be your conference operator for today's call.  As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Robin Zondervan, Vice President, Investor Relations and FP&A. You may begin.
Robin Zondervan: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2024 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Conference Call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and Rick Westenberg, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at (313) 792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We described these risks and uncertainties and our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Robin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. I wanted to start this morning by reflecting on some of our key accomplishments across our businesses, brands and products for 2024. Beginning with our Plumbing segment. We introduced several innovative new products in the market and entered into new product categories. At Delta Faucet, we're focused on being a leader in water quality and introduced water filtration products for both the sync and shower categories. At Hansgrohe, we continue to increase market share by offering products with premium and customizable designs and products that are focused on saving energy and water. At Watkins Wellness, we introduced FreshWater IQ, a smart monitoring system that automatically test the water chemistry in your spa and communicates recommended adjustments to maintain clean natural feeling water. Finally, our integration of Sauna360 is ahead of schedule, and we are actively launching our branded Sonos into our existing Watkins dealer network. In our Decorative Architectural segment, the strength of our brands continues to resonate with our customers and generate additional share gains. Behr was rated #1 in interior paint, #1 in exterior paint, and #1 in exterior stain in a third-party study demonstrating the strength and exceptional quality of our leading Behr brand. Our investments in our paint business to continue to expand our services and build upon our successful partnership with the Home Depot, have helped drive share gains in both the DIY and Pro paint categories. In our pro paint category, our annual sales are now over $900 million, which is an increase of over 70% since 2020. Our products resonate with pro painters and have enabled us to capitalize on the sizable growth opportunity in the pro paint market. Finally, we completed the sale of [indiscernible] Lighting in 2024. We are confident that this transaction to further streamline our portfolio will drive greater value for Masco's shareholders. as we focus on the strategic initiatives of our core businesses. I want to thank all our employees for their excellence in execution, their focus on the customer and their continuous improvement mindset that delivered these key accomplishments during the year. With that, I'll now make some brief comments on our fourth quarter and full year results, and then I'll finish by discussing our outlook for 2025 and provide an update on our margin targets for 2026. Please turn to Slide 6. We wrapped up 2024 with another quarter of solid operating results. In the fourth quarter, our top line decreased 3%, primarily due to the divestiture of Kichler. Excluding this divestiture and the unfavorable impact of currency, sales increased 1%, primarily due to higher volumes in our decorative segment. Operating profit increased $19 million in the quarter due to our continued efforts to drive cost savings and efficiency across our operations. Operating profit margin improved 140 basis points to 15.9%. Our performance in the fourth quarter marked the seventh quarter in a row of year-over-year margin expansion. With our strong execution, our earnings per share for the quarter increased 7% to $0.89 per share. Turning to our segments. Plumbing sales decreased 1% in local currency. We saw lower volumes in both trade and retail in North America. While the industry continues to show signs of stabilization, it remains choppy and has not yet pivoted to sustained growth. International Plumbing grew slightly as we saw growth again this quarter in our business in both Europe and China despite a challenging market environment. Operating profit for the segment was $200 million, and operating margin was 16.8%, an improvement of 40 basis points. We continue to see the benefits of our focus on productivity, efficiency and cost savings initiatives throughout our Plumbing segment. Additionally, our investments in our leading global brands, innovative products, and customer service are producing results, and we will continue to capitalize on these investments. Turning to our Decorative Architectural segment. Sales decreased 6%, primarily due to our divestiture. Overall, paint sales were up mid-single digits, including a benefit from inventory timing. Excluding this benefit, overall paint sales were down low single digits. Pro paint sales were up high single digits and DIY paint sales were down mid-single digits. Operating profit for the segment was $113 million and operating margin was 17.7%, an improvement of 290 basis points. Now let's review our full year performance. Please turn to Slide 7. Masco executed extremely well in 2024. And for the second year in a row, we improved nearly every operating metric for the full year. Gross margin improved 110 basis points to 36.3%. Operating margin expanded 70 basis points to 17.5%. Plumbing margin expanded 100 basis points to 19%. Decorative margin expanded 70 basis points to 18.5%. Earnings per share grew 6% to $4.10 per share, up from $3.86 per share in 2023. We delivered a return on invested capital of 44% and our strong cash flows, including the proceeds from our divestiture allowed us to return more than $1 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases in 2024. Importantly, we have achieved compound annual earnings per share growth of over 12% over the last 5 years, delivering on our target of double-digit EPS growth through cycles. This growth demonstrates the strength of our brands, service and innovation and the benefits of a portfolio focused on lower-ticket repair and remodel-oriented products. Turning to Slide 8. As we look to the future, we are well positioned to achieve strong profitable growth through continued market share gains, margin expansion and disciplined capital deployment.  The 2025 estimates we are providing today include the impact from the recently enacted China tariffs, net of mitigation actions, but do not include impacts from any potential future tariffs. We have demonstrated our ability to navigate these types of situations in the past, from COVID to unforeseen supply chain challenges to previously enacted tariffs, and we are confident that we have the right teams and plans in place to respond quickly to any new tariffs. Moving to our expectations for 2025. I will begin with the following market assumptions. For global repair and remodel markets, in aggregate, we expect the market to be flat to down low single digits. For the North American repair and remodel market, we expect the market to be roughly flat. For international markets, we expect the markets in aggregate to be down low single digits. Our expectations for our own sales in 2025 is to be down low single digits. However, if we exclude the unfavorable impacts from our divestiture of Kichler of approximately 2% and currency of approximately 1%, we expect our sales to be roughly flat to up low single digits. Our estimate includes our expectations that we will continue to outperform the market in 2025. Despite the relatively flat top line assumption, we will continue to expand our margins through disciplined pricing, innovative product introductions, cost savings initiatives and operational efficiencies across our business. We have consistently demonstrated our ability to execute in dynamic times and plan to deliver further operating margin expansion across our business in 2025.  We expect Plumbing margins in the range of 19% to 19.5% and decorative margins, also in the range of 19% to 19.5%, resulting in a Masco operating margin of approximately 18%. Turning to capital allocation. Our strategy remains unchanged. First, we will reinvest in our business to maintain and grow our leadership positions and win in the marketplace. This includes ongoing investments in our growth initiatives to continue to gain share in the domestic plumbing, wholesale channel, international plumbing and propane. Second, we will continue to maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet. Third, we have a targeted dividend payout ratio of 30%. I'm pleased to share that our Board approved a 7% increase in our dividend for 2025, which will bring our annual dividend to $1.24 per share and marks the 12th consecutive annual increase. And fourth and finally, we will deploy our remaining available free cash flow to share repurchases or acquisitions. Based on our projected free cash flow, we expect to deploy approximately $600 million to share repurchases or acquisitions in 2025. Our M&A strategy has not changed. We continue to review and selectively pursue opportunities that have the right strategic fit and the right return for Masco with the goal of adding 1% to 3% annual top line growth through acquisitions over the long term. Based on our expected operating performance and capital deployment actions, we anticipate earnings per share for 2025 to be in the range of $4.20 to $4.45 per share. One year ago, we provided our margin expansion targets for 2026, and we are reiterating those targets on this call. For our Plumbing segment, with our industry-leading brands, including Delta and Hansgrohe, we expect to expand margins to 20% in 2026, up from 19% in 2024. For our decorative segment, led by our industry-leading Behr brand, we expect to achieve margins of 19% to 20% in 2026, up from 18.5% in 2024. This range reflects the benefit from our Kichler divestiture, partially offset by a slower than initially expected return to growth in the DIY paint market. For Masco overall, we expect to expand operating profit margins to 18.5% in 2026, up 100 basis points from 17.5% in 2024 and up 170 basis points from 16.8% in 2023. While we expect a stabilizing but challenging market in 2025, we anticipate that the market will return to its historical growth rates of 3% to 5% in 2026. Therefore, we believe we can achieve these margins through leveraging incremental volume, exercising pricing discipline and executing on operational improvements. I want to finish by reiterating the structural factors that remain supportive of increased repair and remodel activity in the mid- to long term. Homeowners that took advantage of low mortgage rates are likely to remain in their homes for longer and invest in upgrades and remodels. 1.7 million more homes will reach the prime remodeling ages of 20 to 39 years old by 2027. Home equity levels are at record high levels. and millennial household formation is rising. All of these structural forces provide tailwinds for our business and increase our confidence for a strong repair and remodel market in the coming years. We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on future volume growth as our capacity, efficiency, productivity and cost structure are set up to drive favorable incremental benefits from additional volume. With these favorable fundamentals, the continued successful execution of our strategic initiatives and our disciplined capital deployment, we are well positioned to outperform the competition and deliver double-digit EPS growth through cycles for our investors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Rick to go over our fourth quarter, full year and 2025 outlook in more detail. Rick?
Richard Westenberg: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining. As Robin mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization charges and other onetime items. Turning to Slide 10. Sales in the fourth quarter decreased 3%, but increased 1% excluding the unfavorable impact of our divestiture of Kichler and currency. Our divestiture of Kichler in the third quarter of 2024 decreased sales by 3% in the fourth quarter. In local currency, North American sales decreased 4%, but increased 1% excluding the divestiture impact. International sales increased 2% in local currency. Gross margin in the quarter was 34.8%. SG&A as a percent of sales decreased 170 basis points year-over-year to 18.9% in the quarter, primarily driven by our divestiture and lower expenses. Our operating profit grew $19 million to $291 million, and our margin was strong for the fourth quarter at 15.9%. Our margin performance was primarily driven by executing on our cost savings initiatives and lower expenses. This resulted in EPS growth of 7% to $0.89 per share. . Turning to the full year 2024. Sales decreased 2% over the prior year or 1%, excluding the unfavorable impact of net acquisition and divestiture activity as well as currency. In local currency, North American sales decreased 2% or 1%, excluding the net impact of acquisition and divestiture activity and international sales were in line with the prior year. Our focus on driving operational efficiencies in 2024 contributed to strong gross margin of 36.3%, an expansion of 110 basis points year-over-year. SG&A as a percent of sales was 18.7%. Operating profit for the full year increased $36 million and operating margin expanded 70 basis points to 17.5%. Lastly, our EPS for the full year increased 6% to $4.10 per share. Turning to Slide 11. [indiscernible] sales decreased 1% in the fourth quarter. Currency had a minimal impact on the results. Lower volume and unfavorable mix each reduced sales by 1%, partially offset by favorable pricing of 1%. In local currency, North American plumbing sales decreased 2% in the quarter, driven by softness in the wholesale and retail channels. partially offset by growth in the e-commerce channel and at our specialty spa and Sona dealers. In local currency, international plumbing sales increased 2% in the quarter driven by favorable volume and pricing actions, partially offset by unfavorable mix. This performance was driven by growth we achieved across various European markets and slight growth in China, despite a challenging market environment. Segment operating profit in the fourth quarter was $200 million, up 1% year-over-year, and operating margin was 16.8%, up 40 basis points. This operating profit performance was driven primarily by cost savings initiatives and lower expenses, partially offset by unfavorable volume and mix, and higher commodity and freight costs. Turning to the full year 2024. Plumbing sales were in line with the prior year or up 1% excluding the unfavorable impact of currency. Favorable pricing contributed 2% of growth in our Sauna360 acquisition in the third quarter of last year contributed 1%. This was largely offset by lower volume and unfavorable mix, which each decreased sales by 1%. In local currency, North American plumbing sales increased 1%, including a 2% impact from acquisitions.  And international plumbing sales were in line with the prior year. Full year operating profit increased 6% and margin expanded 100 basis points to 19%. Turning to Slide 12. Decorative Architectural sales decreased 6% in the fourth quarter. The divestiture of Kichler lowered sales by 9% and currency had an unfavorable impact of 1%. In the quarter, total paint sales increased mid-single digits, aided by a favorable impact of inventory timing. Excluding this favorable impact, total paint sales were down low single digits year-over-year with pro paint sales up high single digits and DIY paint sales down mid-single digits. Operating profit in the fourth quarter was $113 million, up 13% year-over-year, and operating margin was 17.7%. Operating profit performance was driven by incremental volume including the impact of favorable inventory timing and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by an unfavorable price cost relationship. Turning to the full year 2024. Sales decreased 5% driven by our Kichler divestiture and a low single-digit decline in our paint business. For the year, excluding the impact of the inventory benefit, Pro paint sales were up mid-single digits, slightly better than expected, and DIY paint sales were down high single digits, consistent with our expectations. Full year operating income was $550 million in the segment and operating margin expanded 70 basis points to 18.5%. Turning to Slide 13. Our balance sheet remains strong with gross debt-to-EBITDA at 1.9x at year-end. We ended the year with $1.6 billion of liquidity, including cash and availability under our revolving credit facility. Working capital improved by 6 days to 53 days or 15.1% of sales. This improvement includes the favorable impact related to the divestiture of Kichler and is expected to normalize at approximately 16% of sales going forward. Our free cash flow for the year was over $900 million, driving our free cash flow conversion to 96%. Given our strong cash performance, coupled with the proceeds from our divestiture, we were able to return over $1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, including the repurchase of $268 million in stock in the fourth quarter. Now let's turn to Slide 14 and review our outlook for 2025. Please note that guidance being provided today includes the impact from the recently enacted China tariffs, net of mitigation actions, but does not include any potential future tariffs. For Masco overall, we expect 2025 sales to be down low single digits, but operating margin to expand to approximately 18%, up from 17.5% in 2024. Our 2025 sales guide reflects an assumption that the global repair and remodel markets in aggregate will be flat to down low single digits. Our sales in 2025, which are expected to be down low single digits will be impacted by the 2024 divestiture of Kichler, which will reduce sales by approximately 2% year-over-year. Additionally, given the stronger U.S. dollar, we anticipate currency will have an unfavorable impact of approximately 1%. Excluding these impacts, we expect our sales to be roughly flat to up low single digits year-over-year. As we think about the cadence for the year, excluding the impacts of our divestiture and currency, we expect sales to be slightly down in the first half of the year with modest growth in the back half of the year. We will continue to invest in our business for future growth, while also maintaining cost discipline. As a result, we expect SG&A as a percent of sales to be in line with 2024. As always, we will take appropriate actions to address our cost as the year develops based on market conditions. Also, as it relates to operating margins, with a softer sales outlook in the first half of the year, the timing of net tariff impact as well as additional trade show costs in Q1 -- we anticipate total Masco margins will be roughly flat in the first half of the year, with expansion expected in the second half. In our Plumbing segment, we expect 2025 full year sales to be flat to up low single digits. We anticipate the full year Plumbing margin will be in the range of approximately 19% to 19.5%. Margin expansion will primarily be driven by pricing discipline, operational efficiencies and continued cost savings initiatives. In our Decorative Architectural segment, we expect 2025 sales to be down mid-single digits or roughly flat with the prior year, excluding the impact of our divestiture. Looking specifically at our paint business in 2025. We anticipate our pro paint business to increase mid-single digits and our DIY paint business to decrease low single digits. We anticipate the full year decorative architectural margin to be in the range of approximately 19% to 19.5%, up from our 2024 margin of 18.5%, driven by the favorable impact of our divestiture, as well as cost savings initiatives. With regards to capital allocation, we expect to reinvest approximately $175 million through capital expenditures to pay a dividend of $1.24 per share up 7% from the 2024 dividend and to deploy approximately $600 million towards share repurchases or acquisitions in 2025. Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, our 2025 EPS estimate is $4.20 to $4.45 per share. This assumes a $211 million average diluted share count for the year and a 24.5% effective tax rate, which is consistent with our 2024 effective tax rate. As mentioned previously, our 2025 guidance includes the impact from the recently enacted China tariffs. To provide an update on our China exposure, in 2025, we expect to import approximately $450 million from China, which represents a reduction of approximately 45% since 2018. From a segment perspective, this exposure resides in our plumbing products and 20% in decorative architectural products. As a result, the impact of the newly imposed 10% tariff on all imports from China, would have an annualized impact of approximately $45 million before mitigating actions. That said, we have been proactively planning various short-term and longer-term actions such as pricing, negotiating with our suppliers and changing our sourcing footprint. Based on these plans and our proven ability to navigate previous tariffs, we are confident that we will be able to mitigate these additional costs and minimize the impact to our results in 2025. The overall tariff environment remains highly uncertain. We will provide updates to the impacts on our business and outlook for 2025 as more information becomes available. I would like to take a moment to thank our supply chain teams. They have done a tremendous job of managing our sourcing footprint to reduce our exposure while managing our costs and they continue to pursue opportunities to further optimize our operations. We will continue to closely monitor the tariff situation, and we'll be prepared to respond as this fluid situation continues to unfold. Lastly, additional financial assumptions for 2025 can be found on Slide 17 of our earnings deck. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: Appreciate all the color. Yes, really, really helpful there. I wanted to ask you a question about the timing that you talked about in decorative architectural, just was curious if you could give us a sense for this inventory timing, how much of an operating margin benefit you think you may have received in the quarter and whether or not this is going to be a headwind to 1Q results that maybe you could quantify for us, either on the sales margins or both? .
Richard Westenberg: Stephen, it's Rick. I'll be happy to tackle that. So as we indicated in our opening comments, the inventory timing benefit for the fourth quarter was about a mid-single-digit benefit to our top line. You can imagine the -- or envision that the profit dynamic is consistent with our profitability for the segment, proportionally speaking. And you're right, as it pertains to timing, all else being equal, we would anticipate that to be a headwind as we go into this year 2025, particularly early this year, kind of an equal amount. That said, as it pertains to our overall expectations for the segment, we do anticipate that excluding the divestiture of Kichler, we do expect decorative architecture will be roughly flat for the year and for our pro paint business to be up mid-single digits. So continued progress in that space.
Stephen Kim: That's helpful. Appreciate that. And then the acquisition continues to be a modest driver to sales longer term. I was wondering if you could give us -- remind us again sort of where your focuses are in that I'm thinking particularly, are you expecting to lean more -- is that pretty much all plumbing -- or are you thinking that we should also expect something in the decorative architectural space. Just give us a sense for what kinds of things -- what kind of opportunities you are seeing out there? And the macro environment, how conducive that is currently actually acting on some of these? Or if this is more -- maybe more something that you think the timing would favor maybe the back half of the year?
Keith Allman: Stephen, this is Keith. As we said in our prepared remarks, our strategy with regards to M&A hasn't changed. We're looking for the right strategic fit for Masco to drive our strategy of bolt-ons in paint and plumbing. So specifically to your question, we're looking at both paint and plumbing.  With regard to the overall market, I would say that it remains to be a little bit soft, maybe a little bit of uplift in terms of the deals that we're seeing, but not a significant change. So I'd hesitate to quantify if we think that our acquisitions would come to fruition more in the back half or the first -- or the front half, it's really about finding those bolt-ons that are the right fit. We're patient, as we've talked in the past. And I think Sauna360 is a good example of what we're looking for. Tuck-in acquisitions, paint and plumbing where we can leverage either our channel expertise or our brands or we can take particular technologies from a specific acquisition. So Hopefully, that gives you a flavor for what we're looking at for what we're looking for and what the overall M&A market looks like for us today.
Stephen Kim: That is very helpful. Appreciate it. I guess, Keith, just the one thing that you didn't mention that I thought maybe you might is the degree to which technology might be something that factors into your M&A outlook?
Keith Allman: Absolutely. I mean there's aspects of our M&A pipeline where we are looking at technology that we would think would be more advantageous for us to buy rather than grow our own, and it goes the other way as well. So it's a mixed bag, but technology plays a piece of it, presence in markets plays a piece the overall innovation pipeline of a target certainly factors into it and overlaying all of that is our ability to create shareholder value through our expertise in channel and brand. .
Operator: Your next question comes from John Lovallo with UBS.
John Lovallo: The first one is just on the maintained fiscal year 2016 margin targets despite the sale of Kichler. I mean, assuming Kichler contributed about $250 million of sales at sort of mid-single-digit EBITDA margins. It would appear that this could mechanically improve margins by like 100 basis points. I know you mentioned an offset from, I think, softer DIY, so curious when do you think those DIY volumes could turn positive? It's been several years of negative comps at this point?
Keith Allman: Well, that's a bit of a million-dollar question, of course. And the way we think about it first is we look at the fundamentals. And when you think about whether it's millennial household formations or age of housing stock or what we believe to be deferred demand. We've talked about this in the past where when you look at the pull forward from COVID and then when you look at what happens to demand as the market recovered from that pull forward, we're well below the historical line of growth even factoring in and compensating for the pull forward of the demand. So we believe we're in a deferred state -- and fundamentally, it comes down to consumer confidence. So as we see consumer confidence start to change and people come out of that deferred mode and pull the trigger on these deferred projects. we think it's going to be a wonderful opportunity for us. And we have the capacity in place to be able to address the increased demand, and we have certainly the efficiency. Very proud of what the team has been able to do over the last couple of years and in depressed markets as it relates to improving our margins and our overall operating efficiency. So when that happens, we look to the point-of-sale information that we have and trends that we're seeing in the market to help inform that. And I'll tell you that where we sat coming out of 2024 is in more of a position of stability than what we saw in the prior year. But fundamentally, it's an estimate of when that consumer comes back. It's a volatile market. And I think one of the keys for us is the fact that we have demonstrated the ability to execute well in these kind of volatile markets because of our portfolio, because of our Masco operating system where we drive down to the penny, how we manage our businesses and that's been very productive for us, and we're going to continue to do that.
John Lovallo: Okay. So just to be clear, the DIY headwind is offsetting the Kichler benefit, the mechanical titular benefit. .
Richard Westenberg: That's right.
John Lovallo: Okay. Got it. And then second question is you mentioned some recent mitigation efforts in relation to the China tariffs. Curious if there are tariffs on Mexico, there is the walk-ins facility there. Is there anything you can do to resource any of that product elsewhere, given that it's 1 of 2 facilities, I believe?
Keith Allman: Yes. We do have a manufacturing plant in Mexico for our spa business. Of course, we have significant manufacturing facilities in the United States. I think we have some 30 manufacturing facilities in the United States and 20 distribution centers throughout the country. So far and away, our biggest footprint is here in North America. And we do have the opportunity to resource product from Mexico into the United States, significant manufacturing down in Southern Cal -- near the border in the San Diego area where Watkins headquarters is. So there is a capability to move products from Mexico. .
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about kind of the cost inflation assumptions embedded in the '25 guidance and any kind of offsetting pricing actions that could be considered in the guide maybe if you can speak to plumbing and DA.
Richard Westenberg: Sure, Anthony. It's Rick. So with regards to our expectations for commodities, as we go into this 2025 calendar year, our expectations on plumbing is low single-digit inflation, and that includes commodity and freight costs. Commodity and freight costs are down from their peaks in mid-2024, but they still remain elevated and so we expect that to be a bit of a headwind as we go into this 2025 calendar year. That said, we do expect our pricing to more than offset the commodity headwind and therefore, to have a positive price cost dynamic as we go into -- as we are entering into 2025. As it pertains to decorative architectural products, overall inflation, we do see a bit of a headwind, and we are seeing some inflation -- sorry, some upward pressure as it pertains to our raw material inputs of resins and TiO2 -- we're not calling it quite yet, but we are seeing some pressure there. With regards to pricing, as we've mentioned previously, we do have an arrangement with our channel partner with regards to price cost neutral in terms of our dynamics. And so from a price/cost perspective, we are assuming a price cost flat dynamic for DAP in 2025.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just company-wide, I mean, you cited cost savings initiatives as a driver of margin expansion in '24. I'm wondering, as you think about this year, would the margin benefit or the dollar amount of cost savings initiatives be similar this year? Would it be greater, maybe smaller -- or is that something that you would dial up or down kind of as the year goes on. Just wondering if you can kind of frame that.
Richard Westenberg: Sure, Anthony. So with regards to our cost savings initiative and operational efficiencies, those continue to be a huge priority. And as Keith articulated, we've had a lot of success driving those initiatives and leveraging our Masco operating system to drive efficiencies throughout our businesses. And that's allowed us to expand margins each of the last couple of years with regards to our overall business. We're going to continue to drive that performance. As we've articulated, our expectations for the market and the industry for 2025 are rather modest. And so in order to deliver continued margin expansion, we're going to continue to drive the operational efficiencies and cost savings initiatives as we've done in previous years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sam Reid with Wells Fargo.
Richard Reid: I wanted to talk on your growth outlook. Kind of when you think about that 1H versus 2H dynamic that you talked to, kind of what gives you the confidence that growth can accelerate in the second half. Is it based on industry growth improving in 2H relative to 1H. And then can you just give us some underlying assumptions that might be embedded in that outlook, macro, et cetera? Just to help us frame it?
Keith Allman: Well, first of all, we look at the fundamentals that I've talked about before. And they are really stacking up in the favor of an improved market. When you think about a bit repetitive here, but it is very significant when you think about the age of stock and then the key metrics, as you asked for some metrics that we look at, equity in the home, average home prices, age of stock, millennial household formations, those are the things that are really correlated quite well to R&R demand. And at the end of the day, it's about the consumer and being confident investing in their homes. So all things that I just mentioned are tailwinds to that. . Secondly, and broadly speaking, we look at how the year finished out and how we're entering this year versus last year. And our estimation is that while it will be call it, slightly down in the first half and modest growth in the second half. Our estimation is that this industry will return to growth in 2026. And that's how we're calling and laying out 2025 with a particular focus on being able to manage our business in dynamic times when changes happen that weren't necessarily called for. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did a fantastic job and gained significant share during our most volatile times, be it COVID, supply chain interruptions, Texas freezes, colorant plants that explode, all those sorts of things that were curveballs thrown at us, we were able to not only manage it in terms of consistent margin expansion, but manage it in terms of consistent share gain as well, and that's our plan going forward.
Richard Reid: No, that helps. And then maybe switching gears, touching on tariffs a bit more. And then drilling down the plumbing specifically, was there any distributors kind of retail activity where there was perhaps a step-up in plumbing inventory ahead of tariffs thinking specifically kind of in that late November, early December period right after the election when the expectations for tariffs potentially ramping more likely in the narrative, just curious kind of did you see any inventory stock up ahead of that?
Richard Westenberg: Sam, it's Rick. No, we did not. We didn't see any material change in the channel inventories in Q4. So I know what you're referring to in terms of some contingency planning, but we didn't see that in any meaningful way, at least in terms of our channel.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Bouley with Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: So sticking with the topic of tariffs. I think the way you quantified it, I don't know if that's in terms of a growth impact, if that's maybe $0.15 or a little bit more than that impact to the year. My question is on the mitigation. If that's mainly sourcing or operational or if there's any assumption of kind of incremental price and how you guys are thinking about mitigating that? Did you announce any kind of incremental price since China tariffs went through? Or did sort of your initial price increases cover it? Just kind of how are you thinking a little bit more detail and maybe quantification around that mitigation side of it?
Richard Westenberg: Sure, Matt. So as it pertains to our mitigation actions, we're really -- we've been preparing for mitigation over the last several months. As you would imagine, this has been telegraphed for a while, and we've been preparing both short-term and long-term litigation actions. And it's really a combination of a number of levers like we did in the 2019, 2018, 2019 time frame. And that is a combination of the sourcing footprint. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, we've successfully reduced our exposure to China by 45% since 2018, really excellent work by the supply chain team here at Masco with regards to managing in a very methodical way, a change in our sourcing footprint, while preserving cost and operational efficiencies. In addition, we are having discussions with our suppliers in terms of some partial offset as well as pricing. Those are all in flight with regards to the action. We're not going to quantify the specific components of those here, but we do believe that the combination of those mitigation actions will significantly mitigate our exposure and minimize the impact to 2025. And as we indicated in our -- in the opening comments that we've factored in the net impact of tariffs in our 2025 guidance. One thing to note is there is -- from a timing perspective, the tariffs as we all know, went into place on February 4. There is some delay with regards to when they will roll into our in terms of parts and components that are on their way to the U.S. as well as they flow through our inventory. Our mitigating actions will have will layer in over time, and we'll some will be concurrent with the tariff impact and some will be delayed. And so that factors into a little bit of our cadence of our operating profit margins being flattish in the first half of the year and increasing in the second half of the year. So hopefully, that provides some additional color.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. Yes. Very helpful. And then secondly, maybe jumping over to the paint side. you're kind of guiding DIY down low singles and Pro up mid-singles in 2025. Clearly, that's a continuation of a reasonably long trend here. So the question is kind of where we are on DIY. You mentioned this kind of deferred state of demand and just kind of slower-than-expected return to growth there. I mean the longer we get into this, do you start thinking it's just something more structural around the industry kind of going back to do it for me. And in that sense, maybe it makes more sense to just push harder on to the Pro side. So just how are you thinking about any eventual return to growth on the DIY side?
Keith Allman: Matt, I think there was a bit of a structural explanation. As you think about going back a few years and the baby boomers and those -- the baby boomers being a significant DIY cohort and as they are getting older, there is a tendency to switch to some degree to a do-it-for-me model for some of that cohort. And I think structurally, that combating that or kind of weighing in on the other side is the household formations, the millennials. And we're seeing that clearly. I think it's rather obvious. But we're also seeing that there and they're [indiscernible] not just single project [indiscernible]. And when you look at where we are with regards to our portfolio and particularly in the case of coatings or architectural paint, it's a relatively low cost as a percent of total project costs when you look at the product cost. So it's a very -- it's practically a perfect combination for a DIY product. It's a low cost on the product. It's something that's relatively easy to do. It makes a big bang for the buck in terms of the change it makes in a person's home and it's something that a couple can do with their small children around. So it's it's a good project for us. And I think that from a structural perspective, those are a couple of dynamics. I would remind you that we're expecting to -- in our business to outperform the market. So when we adjust for x divestiture, we plan on being relatively flat in our Deco segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Trevor Allinson with Wolfe Research.
Unknown Analyst: First, I want to follow up on the reiterated 2026 margin targets for both Plumbing and [indiscernible].  You provided some of the color on the unchanged [indiscernible] guide, softer volumes offsetting some of the Kichler divestiture tailwinds. On plumbing, presumably, volumes are also weaker than you likely expected when initially laying out that 2026 guidance, but you're still retaining margin expectations there. Can you just talk about maybe what's coming in better than what you were previously anticipating that's perhaps offsetting some of the softer volumes there?
Keith Allman: I've got a lot of confidence based on what we've been able to do in the past.  Our production system is very mechanical as it relates to moving projects through a pipeline. So we have visibility of the size of our productivity pipeline, and we also have data on how long it takes to move through the pipeline and what is our hit rate, if you will, or our batting average on our product. So we are just getting more confident in our ability to continue to grind and continue to drive productivity. So that's a piece of it. Certainly, we have strong efficiencies that then feed towards our incremental profit on incremental volume, and we're getting more confidence in that, and that is improving. So it's a combination. But in a word, I'd say momentum. We feel good about our momentum in this space. and the plumbing business is running extremely well.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Understood. That's very encouraging. And then second, going back to supply chain and China exposure, I mean, clearly, there's been threats for tariff rates to move even higher from here moving forward. As you guys look out 12 months, I appreciate you've made a lot of progress here already, but you look out 12 months from now, do you expect to continue driving your China supply chain exposure even lower? And any help there on perhaps where that could go?
Keith Allman: Yes. We do expect that, and we're continuing to do that. We're doing it carefully. We're working with our existing supply base by and large. So we're protecting our quality. We're protecting our delivery and fill rates. And we're working with suppliers that we've we've worked with for well over a decade and are involved in our innovation pipeline and work with us in all aspects of our business. So they're true partners. So we would anticipate continuing to create a shift, if you will, or continuing with our shift away from China. We're also working on value engineering where we can continue to drive out costs that do not create customer benefit. We're working on cost sharing with our suppliers. And of course, we have prices to lever as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: Building up of your comments there on new products, can you talk a bit about the innovation pipeline that you have, how that's perhaps offsetting any price elasticity that could be a potential headwind in some of these operations. And any thoughts on the R&D and the vitality index and how we should be thinking about those over the next year or two?
Keith Allman: Yes. Our pipeline has our Vitality Index fairly steady at right around 30% of products less than 36 months old that were new. So I think it's steady as she goes, and we're continuing to drive it. We look at effectively solving customer pain points. So we don't necessarily target a particular technology for the technology sake. Rather, we begin with a customer back approach. So things like returning product to service sooner after you're painting, things like being able to paint when you have a tighter window with regards to good sunny weather, for example, intuitive solutions to what people care about in terms of water filtration, both in the shower and in the sync, ease of use those sorts of things. So we have a defined process that looks at and mines out, if you will, customer pain points and things that are the customer is interested in. And in doing so, inevitably, that ends up being something that they're willing to pay for that ultimately ends up helping with respect to our margin and making up for some headwinds that we might experience in other places in the business. So both in decorative architectural and in our plumbing space, both internationally and in North America, we have a very strong innovation pipeline and the people who are executing it are doing a great job. .
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. And then you mentioned that you expect working capital to normalize to about 16% of sales this year. And plugging in the 2026 targets at a high level suggests you could see another step up in that working capital to sales. Can you talk a bit about the efforts that you can realize there, especially perhaps as some of these efforts around efficiencies, productivity and cost savings come through. How should we think about the upside?
Richard Westenberg: Sure, Susan. It's Rick. With regards to working capital, we did see a benefit of the divestiture at Kichler really in the calculation for 2024, and that's why we were down closer to 15%. As indicated in my opening remarks, we would expect that to normalize around 16%. Obviously, we're very focused with regards to being disciplined on working capital really throughout our supply chain. And so as we continue to drive efficiencies in terms of our productivity, our cost savings initiative, we would see the benefit of that flow through working capital, but I think it's fair to assume that as for estimation or projection purposes, that working capital as a percent of sales will scale with the business, and will stay at around about 16% of sales.
Operator: And your last question comes from Adam Baumgarten with Zelman & Associates. .
Adam Baumgarten: Just in paint, it's been a couple of months since the PPG architectural divestitures closed. Just curious if you've noticed any changes in the [indiscernible] at Home Depot or if you expect any going forward?
Keith Allman: No, we really haven't Adam. It's been fairly typical.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Got it. And then just lastly, just to clarify on the factoring in of the net impact of the incremental China tariffs. Just to be clear, I know you didn't give a number, but is that a modest negative impact you're embedding in '25?
Richard Westenberg: Yes, Adam, it's Rick. So with regards to the net impact, it really depends on the timing in terms of the flow-through. But we -- let me put it this way, we're minimizing the impact. We're obviously executing our mitigation actions as we speak, that's flowing through, and we'll factor that within -- with regards to our guidance range, and we would expect to mitigate a large chunk of that and minimize the impact in 2025.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Robin Zondervan for closing remarks.
Robin Zondervan: We'd like to thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning and for your interest in Masco. That concludes today's call. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call. My name is Ludy and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Robin Zondervan, Vice President, Investor Relations and FP&A of Masco Corp. You may begin.
Robin Zondervan : Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2024 third quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and Rick Westenberg, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter earnings release and presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman : Thank you, Robin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. For the third quarter, we delivered strong operating results as we focused on driving the full potential of our portfolio through leading brands, innovative products, and exceptional customer service. Net sales were in line with the prior year as we saw demand continue to stabilize, most notably in our Plumbing segment. Our gross profit margin rose 90 basis points to 36.7% as a result of our ongoing initiatives to drive operational efficiencies and achieve cost savings. Our solid execution resulted in operating profit of $360 million, an increase of $12 million, or 3% over the prior year. Our operating profit margin expanded 60 basis points to 18.2%, marking the 6th consecutive quarter of year-over-year margin expansion. In addition, our earnings per share grew 8% to $1.08 per share. Moving to our segments, Plumbing sales increased 2% overall and 1% excluding the impacts of acquisitions and currency. In local currency, North American Plumbing sales increased 2% overall and 1% excluding the impact of acquisitions. In International Plumbing, sales increased 3% in local currency, led by growth in our key markets of Europe and China. Operating profit for the segment was up $17 million to $242 million. Operating margin expanded 100 basis points to 19.9%, driven by higher volumes, and our continued focus on productivity, efficiency, and cost savings initiatives. Additionally, we continue to demonstrate our leadership in water quality and innovation through new product launches that leverage our channels and brands. We launched a Tankless Reverse Osmosis Water Filtration System this quarter across our Delta and Brizo brands. This system is certified to filter out more than 90 contaminants from your drinking water, and is both easy to install and maintain. At Hansgrohe, we launched the PowderSpray Faucet, where microfine water cascades from beneath the faucet spout for easier washing of foods like fruits and vegetables at a lower flow rate for water conservation and less cleanup. Hansgrohe also received the Superbrand Germany Award in the quarter. This prestigious award recognized Hansgrohe's dedication to excellence, quality, and service to our customers. Finally, we reached the one-year anniversary of our acquisition of Sauna360 during the quarter. We are proud of the work our team has done to successfully integrate this business, which includes the recent launch of Tyl branded saunas into our existing Watkins dealer network. Moving to our Decorative Architectural segment. We announced earlier this quarter the completion of the sale of Kichler Lighting. We are confident that this transaction to further streamline our portfolio will drive greater value for Masco shareholders as we focus on the strategic initiatives of our core Plumbing and Decorative Architectural businesses. Sales in the Decorative Architectural segment decreased 3% in the quarter, or 1% excluding the impact of currency and divestitures. Overall paint sales were down low single digits. DIY paint sales remained challenged, decreasing mid-single digits, while pro-paint sales continued to show strength, growing high single digits. Operating profit for the segment decreased $6 million to $138 million, while operating margin remained strong at 18.1%. We were pleased once again this quarter with our performance in pro-paint. We're proud of our continued sales growth with the Pro Painter, and we are continuing to invest to drive additional growth going forward. We have an incredibly strong relationship with The Home Depot, which dates back over 40 years. For multiple decades, we have partnered with The Home Depot to distribute our products in their over 2,300 stores. We continue to partner with them on strategic initiatives centered on the strength of our brand, our unmatched service, and the award-winning quality of our products to drive share gains in both DIY and pro-paint categories. Turning to capital allocation. We continue to generate strong free cash flow during the quarter, and maintained a solid balance sheet. As a result, we executed on our capital deployment strategy and returned $255 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We plan to deploy the net cash proceeds from the sale of Kichler Lighting consistent with our capital allocation framework. Therefore, we now expect to allocate approximately $750 million in total to share repurchases or acquisitions in 2024. Now a few comments on our full year outlook. Overall, sales for the total company were within our expected range for the first three quarters of the year. However, the divestiture of Kichler will impact the remainder of our year and the DIY paint market remains challenged. Therefore, we now anticipate that sales for the full year will be down low single digits compared to our previous expectations of plus or minus low single digits. However, due to the strength of our operational performance year-to-date, we now expect that our full year operating margin will be approximately 17.5%, which is at the top end of our previously guided range of 17% to 17.5%. We now anticipate adjusted earnings per share for 2024 to be in the range of $4.05 to $4.15 per share compared to our previous expectations of $4.05 to $4.20 per share. We continue to believe that the long-term fundamentals of our repair and remodel markets are strong and that structure [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen, please stand by. Your conference will resume momentarily. Thank you. Excuse me presenters you may continue.
Keith Allman : Okay. I apologize for that interruption. I know that we're all very busy today. There's a lot of calls that need to be get on, so my apologies. As I was talking with respect to the long-term fundamentals of our repair and remodel markets, we believe they're strong. And that structural factors, such as the age of housing stock, consumers staying in their homes longer, higher home equity levels, and household formations for Millennials will drive increased repair and remodel activity in the mid to long term. We believe we're well positioned to capitalize on future volume as our capacity, efficiency, productivity, and cost structures are set up to drive favorable incremental benefits from additional volume. With these favorable fundamentals, the continued successful execution of our strategic initiatives across our portfolio and our disciplined capital deployment, we are well positioned to outperform the competition and deliver double-digit EPS growth through cycles for our investors. Now I'll turn the call over to Rick to go over our third quarter results and 2024 outlook in more detail. Rick.
Rick Westenberg : Thank you, Keith. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining. As Robin mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization charges and other one-time items. Turning to Slide 7. Sales in the quarter were in line with the prior year and increased 1%, excluding the unfavorable impact of currency. Our acquisition of Sauna360 in the third quarter of last year added 1% of growth to our third quarter results. However, this was offset by the impact of our Kichler divestiture during the third quarter. In local currency, North American sales were in line with the prior year, while international sales increased 3% in local currency. Despite relatively flat sales overall, our initiatives to drive operational efficiencies contributed to another quarter of strong gross margin performance at 36.7%, an expansion of 90 basis points year-over-year. SG&A as a percent of sales was 18.7% and was impacted by the timing of marketing spend in our Decorative Architectural segment as mentioned during our second quarter call. Overall our operating profit grew $12 million to $360 million in the quarter and our margin was strong at 18.2%. Our margin performance was primarily driven by executing on our cost savings initiative. We also grew EPS during the quarter by 8% to $1.08 per share. Turning to Slide 8, Plumbing sales increased 2% in the third quarter. Currency had a minimum impact on the results. Volume in our Plumbing segment drove an increase in sales of 2% and acquisitions contributed 1% to growth year-over-year. This was partially offset by unfavorable mix which reduced sales by 1%. North American Plumbing sales increased 2% driven by our acquisition and saw performance in the retail and e-commerce channels. In local currency International Plumbing sales increased 3% driven by favorable volume and pricing actions partially offset by unfavorable mix. Demand continues to show signs of stabilizations in Europe and while the China market remains challenged we benefited from our pipeline of projects in the quarter. Segment operating profit in the third quarter was $242 million up $17 million or 8% year-over-year and operating margin was 19.9% up 100 basis points. This operating profit performance was driven primarily by cost savings initiatives and higher volumes partially offset by unfavorable mix and higher commodity and freight costs. Turning to Slide 9, Decorative Architectural sales decreased 3% in the third quarter. Currency and the divestiture of Kichler lowered sales by 1% each. In the quarter total paint sales decreased low single digits. Pro-paint sales were up high single digits and DIY paint sales decreased mid-single digits. The DIY paint market remained soft and we now anticipate our full-year DIY paint business to be down high single digits versus our previous expectation of down mid-single digits. In our pro-paint business however we continue to expect sales for the year to increase low single digits. Operating profit was $138 million and operating margin was 18.1%. Operating profit was down $6 million year-over-year impacted by the timing of marketing spend an unfavorable price cost relationship and lower volume partially offset by cost savings initiatives. Turning to Slide 10, our balance sheet remains strong with gross debt to EBITDA at 2x at quarter end. We ended the quarter with $1.6 billion of liquidity including cash and availability under a revolving credit facility. Working capital as a percent of sales was 16.4% and reflects the impact of the divestiture of Kichler as well as our continued discipline with regards to our working capital levels. As a result of the divestiture impact we now anticipate our working capital as a percent of sales to be approximately 16% at year-end versus our previous guidance of 16.5%. During the third quarter we repurchased 2.5 million shares for $192 million and paid a dividend of $63 million to shareholders. As Keith mentioned we plan to deploy the next proceeds from the sale of Kichler consistent with our capital allocation framework. As a result we now expect to deploy approximately $750 million up from $600 million during the year towards share repurchases for acquisition. Now let's turn to Slide 11 and review our outlook for 2024. For total Masco our year-to-date top line has largely been in line with expectations. Last quarter we updated our second half expectation to roughly flat as market conditions remain challenged. The fourth quarter however will also now be impacted by our divestiture of Kichler. As a result we currently anticipate full year sales to be down low single digit versus our previous guide of plus or minus low single digit. Despite this change with our strong execution and operating margin performance year-to-date, we now expect full-year operating margins to be approximately 17.5%, which is at the high end of our previous guide of approximately 17% to 17.5%. In our Plumbing segment, we are maintaining our top-line expectation of full-year 2024 sales to be plus or minus low single digits versus prior year, and our expected full-year operating margin to be approximately 19%. In our Decorative Architectural segment, we are lowering our 2024 sales expectation to be down mid-single digits year-over-year versus our previous guidance of down low single digits, primarily due to our divestiture. In addition, the DIY paint market remains soft and has not shown signs of a material rebound. However, despite lower expected sales, we are maintaining our anticipated full-year operating margin of approximately 18%. Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, we are updating our 2024 EPS estimate to be in the range of $4.05 to $4.15 per share. This assumes a 219 million average diluted share count for the year and a 24.5% effective tax rate. As mentioned, there continues to be choppiness in the overall market. That said, we are focused on execution and controlling what we can control to deliver results within this range. Lastly, additional financial assumptions for 2024 can be found on Slide 14 of our earnings deck. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari : Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My first question is focusing in on the DIY weakness that you highlighted in Decorative Architectural. Can you just talk a bit about how those sales trended through the quarter? How you are thinking about the implications of perhaps the election and the broader macro uncertainty? And as we get past some of that, how you think things there could come back as we look over the next couple of quarters?
Keith Allman : Susan, its Keith. Good morning. As you know, we really don't break down inside the quarter month-to-month performances, as that can be quite variable depending particularly on year-over-year and what happened with regards to new product launches, infill of stock, etc. So I would tell you that it's been fairly consistent through the quarter and that there wasn't any particular notable change within the quarter. So I'll speak to that in that fashion. With regards to the election, we don't really view the election or how the results go, specifically as it relates to DIY paint. We think of it more holistically about what that means for our overall business. And fundamentally, I think like so many issues that we face in a volatile environment like we have now, it really puts a premium on the ability to respond, both in terms of our supply chains and our commercial teams, the ability for us to get price if needed based on the strength of our innovation pipeline and the strength of our brands, and how we are doing with regards to overall shelf space and market share. So, it's really for us, in terms of the election, a question of how well we're able to respond. And I think if you look at the various challenges that we've experienced with our team and our operating system over the course of the last several years, whether you look to the capacity issues in paint that we faced a couple years ago, whether you look to the tariff situation that we faced and how we've broadened our margin up above pre-tariff levels where we sit today, I think all those things point to the fact that our portfolio of small ticket, more resilient, less volatile products, together with our team and our operating system has put us in a position where we're able to respond. So we're really looking at the election as just being on a high alert and being ready to respond to the challenges that may or may not come our way.
Susan Maklari : Okay, that's helpful color. Thank you. And then turning to the margin, despite all the uncertainty that's out there, it's impressive to see the consolidated expectations at the higher end of the guide. Can you just talk to some of those factors that you noted around the company's specific initiatives, and how we should be thinking about those continuing to come through as we think about year-end, and maybe even into next year?
Keith Allman : Sure. We're definitely pleased with our margin performance. It's come in as expected. And this was our sixth  as we said in the prepared remarks, this was our sixth consecutive quarter of margin expansion, and it has been executed in a volatile environment. So I think, again, that goes back to what we intended when we designed our portfolio to be less resilient  excuse me, more resilient, less cyclical, higher margin. So it's that combination of a robust portfolio, the operating system, and our teams. We got particularly strong gross margin performance. Of course, that's really from our focus on operational excellence, cost savings initiatives, and yeah, 17.5% is strong for us, and it's at the top end of our range. We expect the full year margins to expand for the entire company, and for both our Plumbing and Decorative segments, and we certainly will carry that momentum into next year.
Susan Maklari : Okay, thank you for the color, and good luck with everything.
Keith Allman : Thanks Susan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrew Azzi : Hi everyone. Thank you for taking my questions. This is Andrew Azzi on for Michael Rehaut, good morning. I just wanted to ask maybe, I believe your 2026 targets were predicated on a 3% to 5% R&R growth rate for the next couple of years. Is that kind of still the right way to think about it, and maybe a high level, maybe if we can get your thoughts on the repair and remodel and market for next year.
Keith Allman : Sure. Thanks Andrew. When you think about that more normalized 3% to 5% growth rate for R&R, we have not changed that. That is our expectation of what a normal or historical growth rate for R&R is, and we still expect that. Certainly, when this market turns to that normal rate of growth is up for debate, and our crystal ball is no clearer than anyone else. And that, as I said earlier today, puts a premium on our ability to respond quickly, and we've demonstrated that we have that capability. So we haven't changed our expectations of what the R&R market is. We think the fundamentals are very strong when you look at mid to long term of what drives R&R. It's about home equity, it's about home price appreciation, and its about consumer confidence. And so when those things start to turn, and we think when you see the reduction in rates, and when you think about the under-built or the deferred R&R spend in the deferral state that we're in, we're poised in the mid to long term. It's just unpredictable when that will turn. We're not changing our 2026 expectations or guide, if you will.
Andrew Azzi : Thank you. I appreciate that, color. And then maybe in terms of the pro paint business, it's nice to see it being pretty resilient, obviously, in the past few quarters. Can you kind of review maybe the current size of the business and how you should think about the growth opportunity going forward?
Keith Allman : We're very pleased with the growth in pro paint and our ability to gain share and to hold that share. And that goes back to the strength of the Behr brand, the strength of our deep relationship with our great channel partner in Home Depot and the 40 years that we've been working together as we mentioned. Certainly, our innovation pipeline, the quality in the can and how well recognized that is. And when we gain share, and we look at the net promoter score of our new customers in the pro side or customers who have increased their share of our buy, the net promoter scores are fantastic. So try us, you'll like us sort of thing, and that's really what's happening. So we're very happy with our performance in pro. Andrew, what was the second part of your question?
Andrew Azzi : I suppose kind of like the size of the business and how we should think about the growth opportunity, maybe even alongside DIY going forward.
Keith Allman : Right. It's approximately $900 million and in terms of the size of our pro paint market, and we expect to continue to grow above market and gain share going forward.
Andrew Azzi : Is that on the above market growth, or is that kind of on the DIY and pro or just on the pro?
Keith Allman: We believe, and it's hard to judge, particularly DIY market size from one quarter-to-quarter as I've consistently said on these calls. But we believe we're holding our own, and holding our share in the DIY market, maybe gaining a little bit, but the DIY market continues to be challenged.
Andrew Azzi : Thank you very much. I really appreciate your time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Aatish Shah: Hi. This is Atish on for Steve. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to start with, within Dec Arc, it was mentioned the updated sales guide primarily was due to the divestiture of Kichler. But turning to the margin piece, how much of a benefit would you say to the current margin and guidance is due to the divestiture of Kichler?
Rick Westenberg: Yeah. Hi, Atish. Good morning. This is Rick. So with regards to, as you indicated, the sale of Kichler translated into us revising our guidance downward with regards to our top line, down to mid-single digits for the Decorative Architectural product segment, as well as for the total Massco down low single digits. We don't disclose individual profitability by business unit. We have indicated in the past that Kichler's margin performance was below that of the segment and below that of Masco overall. So the divestiture is accretive. We haven't quantified it. But I would say that our increase in our margin expectations really pulled through the course of the year, because as you may recall, we came into the year with an expectation of about 17% operating profit margins. We increased that a couple of times through the course of the year, and now we're expecting 17.5% operating profit margins for the year. And yes, Kichler is a contributing factor to that, but I would say equal or more than that is our operating performance across the business units and being able to continue to deliver the productivity and the cost efficiencies that Keith alluded to, to be able to deliver operating profit margin expansion in the face of a challenging market.
Aatish Shah: Great. That's super helpful. Just one more. Then for the paint category overall, can you talk about the mix effect? And then specifically within DIY, are you seeing any trade up or trade down trends within the category? Thanks.
Keith Allman: Not really much in paint. We saw a little bit of a mix impact in Plumbing in the quarter. But no, in paint we've worked really hard across our portfolio, across the assortment, across our channels, etc., to work to reduce the variability in our margin. There are still some that exist, but we've done a particularly good job in paint and we really haven't seen them with our broad assortment in terms of price point coverage. We really haven't seen a significant mix hit in coatings.
Aatish Shah: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Trevor Allinson with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Trevor Allinson : Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. The first one on DIY paint, clearly it's faced some headwinds over the last few years following some really strong performance during the pandemic. Do you think that market has reset to the point where moving forward you expect it would grow in line with the overall R&R market?
Keith Allman: I don't know that I'd say that it would grow in line with the overall R&R market. But when you think about how in the past it has been a declining subsegment for us in terms of DIY, I do believe that's going to turn around and go to growth, and I think it's because of the fundamentals. When you look at the influx of millennials that are forming households and getting into the housing market, the healthy levels of home equity that continue to be a support investment in your home and the DIY position. The fact that we know through our research that millennials are not only DIY-ers, but they are repeat DIY-ers as we follow them over the last couple of years. So we do think that there will be a return to growth in DIY paint. The question is, when.
Trevor Allinson : Right. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, and then on Kichler, clearly had an outsized exposure to China imports for a relatively small size of the business. You gave a rough framework on your last call about your China import exposure. I would assume that you know that improves here with the Kichler divestiture. Any way you can you know roughly frame your updated exposure to Chinese imports post the sale? Thanks.
Keith Allman: Yeah, I would tell you that from a concentration perspective as it relates to the revenue, Kichler had a higher concentration of Chinese imports than the other portions of our business, but it's relatively small when you look at the overall scheme of things.
Rick Westenberg: Yeah, sure. Maybe just to dimension a bit, I think you alluded to the fact that we commented in our Q2 earnings call that since the Section 301 tariffs were implemented in 2019, we've reduced our exposure as a total Masco enterprise by about 30%. With the divestiture of Kichler, that takes up closer to 40% in terms of a reduction of our exposure. It still leaves a significant exposure, but we've done a lot of work and we continue to do a lot of work in terms of our sourcing footprint to continue to mitigate and manage that exposure.
Trevor Allinson : Okay, that's very helpful. I appreciate the color there and good luck moving forward.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with UBS. Please go ahead.
Spencer Kaufman : Hey guys, good morning. This is actually Spencer Kaufman on for John. Thank you for the questions. The first one, you talked a fair amount about how the DIY paint market continues to be challenged. How much lower are DIY paint volumes today relative to 2019 levels?
Keith Allman: Well, I don't have that number top of mind. I know they are slightly lower, but I don't have that actual number top of mind. I can get to that after the call.
Spencer Kaufman : Okay, no problem. Now that the PPG has announced the sale of its architectural coatings business to AIP, how closely did Masco look at these assets? Did you engage in the bidding process and can you talk a little bit about your decision to just not pursue those assets more aggressively? Was there a conflict with your strategy with Home Depot? How should we think about how this played out?
Keith Allman: Of course, we looked at it. We looked at it in depth and we gave it a hard analytics, but at the end of the day, we have to make decisions that we believe would be in the long-term interest of our shareholder value and this wasn't a fit for us. I'm not going to go into details beyond that. I'll tell you, we've competed against PPG and others in the industry that are very strong and we're confident in our ability to continue to do so successfully. This acquisition just wasn't something that we were interested in.
Spencer Kaufman : Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Matthew Bouley : Good morning, everyone. Thank you for the questions. So, in Plumbing a good margin result despite the higher commodity and freight. I guess I'm curious if commodity and freight costs, if they have indeed actually come in as a greater headwind than what you initially thought, and as a result if you've offset those by more either cost reductions or price. And then specifically as we kind of get into 2025, should we think about any need for additional price to be taken in the Plumbing sector? Thank you.
Rick Westenberg: Sure. This is Rick. I guess to provide a bit of a timeline for commodity and freight overall, we came into the calendar year not expecting it to be a significant headwind or a tailwind. Obviously, as we all saw in Q2, the appreciation of commodity costs, namely copper and zinc, go up significantly. Actually, copper as we may recall, hit an all-time high in May at over $5 per pound. And that is when we commented in our Q2 call, that would represent a headwind with regards to our second half results. And that's because, as we've commented before, it takes about six months between when we observe commodity costs in the market, until they hit our P&L, as they flow through the sourcing and inventory pipeline. And so we're seeing that headwind, and as we indicated, we are unfavorable from a price cost perspective in Q3, and we expect that to continue in Q4. And that is in line with our expectations as we came out of the Q2 call. And that's pretty locked in right now in terms of our expectations. That's dialed into our guidance for the year. And despite those headwinds, in terms of the commodity costs, we are actually through the cost initiatives and the pricing during the course of the year, able to offset that from an overall margin perspective, and thus we're expanding our margins in Plumbing. 100 basis points in this quarter, and we would expect margin expansion in Q4 and for the calendar year in Plumbing. Now, commodity costs have subsided a bit more recently, but they still remain elevated. They remain elevated to 2023. They remain elevated relative to historical levels, and so that's a factor as we go into 2025, and that will factor into our pricing strategy as we go into next year.
Matthew Bouley : Okay, thank you for that, Rick, very helpful color. And then secondly, I think going back to a prior question that was around your 3% to 5% longer term market growth, I wanted to ask specifically on 2025, as we kind of sit here in Q3. Looking ahead kind of, you know given how we're exiting the year around DIY and R&R overall, just any kind of initial thoughts on what 2025 R&R could look like, what you are planning for, and sort of any implications to how we're starting 2025 relative to how you're planning the year to shape up. Thank you.
Keith Allman: I appreciate the question, but we'll talk about 2025 on our next call when we're together next. I would leave you with a thought that I've been consistently talking about with regards to the fundamentals. And we think the fundamentals are strong in our industry, but we'll get to the specific 2025 in our next call.
Matthew Bouley : Okay. Thanks Keith. Good luck, guys!
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies. Please, go ahead.
Phil Ng : Hey, guys. Hey Keith, when I look at your Plumbing business, I think last quarter you were generally constructive on an inflection in North America. I maybe thought international was bottoming out. Well look to that recovery a little slower. International was actually quite strong. So can you talk about what are you seeing in both of these markets? And obviously no one's got a crystal ball, but how do you kind of see the recovery and the pace and the momentum in these two subsegments within Plumbing?
Keith Allman: So starting with international, Phil, pleased with the performance. We grew 3% in the third quarter. In this kind of market environment, that really speaks to how Jerry and his team at Hansgrohe and what they've been able to accomplish. I would characterize it as, particularly in Europe, as showing signs of stability in our key markets, particularly in Germany. China is a bit more volatile. We were able to deliver growth in the quarter. And again, that speaks to the team and the ability to gain share and the strong pipeline of trade projects that we have that continue to flow through. So we expect international in aggregate to be down low to mid-single digits for the full year. That said, this is a good opportunity for us to outperform the market and gain share, and that's what we plan on doing. In the United States, close to home here, we're seeing good e-commerce market. The market continues to, we believe, grow a little bit there. Our retail performance has been quite strong in the U.S. as well. The trade, I would say, is a little bit more challenged, but fundamentally stable in North America.
Phil Ng : Okay, super. On your pro side for paint, great growth, outperform the market. As you kind of work with your channel partner, any other growth initiatives that you have slated for perhaps next year, or maybe more shelf space? And then just given some of the weakness you've seen in DIY, do your alliance have the ability to kind of swing production from DIY to more pro paint, just because you're seeing certainly more momentum there?
Keith Allman: We do. And that's a key component of our whole strategy to be less cyclical, more resilient, higher margin. That is to work on margin differentials across channels, to work on margin differentials across our assortment, and to be able to flex our capacity should the demand go from one type of channel or installation process to another. Yeah, we absolutely have that flexibility. And we have a new plant coming online very nicely in Heath, Ohio. So that's really what puts this portfolio in good shape. We have capacity to support our expected growth for several years. And even with that available capacity, we're able to produce very strong margins. So when the turnaround in the market does occur, we're in a position to meet demand and also deliver some very nice drop downs on that incremental volume. So yes, we have the capacity to  our capacity is flexible. In terms of what we're doing to drive pro paint, our recipe is working. And the more pros that try it, the more pros that like it, and we've shown that we're able to maintain and have that share gain be sticky. So things like buy online and pick up in store, expanding delivery options, expanding our outside sales force, enhancing loyalty programs. We're working very closely with our channel partners to continue to grow this segment and we're doing a good job at it, I believe.
Phil Ng: Okay, I appreciate all the great color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with Truist. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. With the divestiture of Kipsler, I know you still are looking for M&A as part of your use of cash flow. But will we continue to see bolt-on transactions and Plumbing products, maybe things or something like that in the coverings market, or would you look something a little further here in terms of future activity?
Rick Westenberg: Yeah Keith, good morning, it's Rick. So from an M&A perspective, our strategy is pretty consistent and clear. We are focused primarily on bolt-on acquisition opportunities, really within our Plumbing, coatings or wellness businesses. So that's really our focus, and we've demonstrated that with, for example, the Sauna360 transaction that we anniversary this quarter. But that's what you would expect to see from us. We're not averse to a bigger transaction, but that would be still within one of our core business segments.
Keith Hughes: Okay, and one follow-up, when did Kipsler close?
Rick Westenberg: September 18th.
Keith Hughes: Okay, thank you.
Rick Westenberg: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, it's actually Chris calling on for Mike. Just to follow up on the M&A, given your pipeline to-date, is it safe to assume the most likely outcome for Kipsler proceeds will be share buybacks at this time?
Rick Westenberg: We haven't announced any particular thing, and from an M&A perspective, so absent an announcement from our perspective, yes, we would follow our capital allocation framework, and the proceeds would be allocated to share buybacks. So just to clarify, we had about $150 million of net proceeds, so that increased our capacity for share buybacks or acquisition from $600 million to $750 million for the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, understood. And then just shifting over to Dec Arc and paint margins specifically, could you just kind of give us a bit more color on how overall core paint margins performed relative to your expectations, kind of where we are in the price-cost relationship, and in terms of the timing shift and marketing spending, the cost savings, just a bit more color on expectations for the next quarter, and how it trends to date compared relative to your expectations?
Keith Allman: Sure, from a Decorative Architectural products segment perspective, our expectation  first of all, we delivered what we would consider strong margins in the quarter at 18.1%, and we reaffirmed our guidance in terms of margins for the year at approximately 18%. Effectively, what that is driven based off of is cost performance within our businesses, within the Decorative Architectural products segment, because we are facing a negative price-cost relationship. So as we've mentioned before, our pricing in our Decorative Architectural products segment is expected to be down low single digits. Our commodity dynamic is roughly flat. We are seeing some pressure from a commodity input perspective, TiO2 and resin, but largely this year our expectation is flat. So therefore, our price cost expectation for the year and what we saw this quarter was down low single digits. So we're basically offsetting that headwind with regards with our cost savings initiative and expecting modest operating profit margin expansion this year versus last year. Hopefully that addresses your question.
Unidentified Analyst: It does, thank you. I appreciate that.
Keith Allman: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois : Oh, hi, thanks. I wanted to ask on pro paint and follow-up on your share gain there. For at least this year, are you gaining shelf space? Is that the basis of your share gains or is the outperformance really coming against the broader market?
Keith Allman: It's against the broader market I would say. Shelf space is really important and it's really not that critical of an item. But when you're talking about the pro segment, we've got sufficient and appropriate shelf space, no real change in it. It's more about our offering, our ease of doing business, the quality of the installation, the ease of the installation and the customer and consumer pull that comes from that strong Behr brand and our innovation. So those are all more of the determining factors in our sales force effectiveness, of course, than shelf space per se.
Garik Shmois : Okay. Thanks. I kind of want to shift gears to some of the smaller parts of your portfolio on the Wellness side. I was wondering what you are seeing there, considering it's a little bit more of a bigger ticket offering that you provide.
Rick Westenberg : Yeah, sure. It's Rick. We are seeing relative stability. Effectively, we don't disclose Wellness performance in and of itself, but we're seeing stability, and the performance has been in line with our overall plumbing segment. So in Q2, we saw some growth in Wellness as we disclosed in our prior call. I mean we're seeing similar performance in Q3. Largely, I would consider it flattish. Now, keep in mind, in our Wellness business, we did acquire Sauna360, so we're seeing the benefit inorganically in terms of growth year-over-year, but from an organic perspective, we're seeing rough stability and improvement. So we're optimistic about the business particularly going forward. We think the business is really well positioned in terms of its product offering, its complementary products now with the Saunas, with the acquisition of Sauna360, and we continue to gain share in the market. So we're well positioned when the market does turn around. But today, I would characterize it as stable.
Garik Shmois : Great. I appreciate that. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi. Good morning. This is Gregory on for Anthony this morning. A lot has been discussed already, but maybe just one on Plumbing. So thinking about plumbing volume, you spoke about Tyl performance in retail and e-commerce channels. I'm wondering if you can kind of discuss what you've seen in wholesale and trade, specifically where sentiment is and kind of your thoughts on inventories in that channel relative to historical norms for this time of the year.
Keith Allman : Inventories are really right where they typically would be. Certainly Q3 is generally a strong quarter for us in terms of that segment, and there are some inventory fluctuations associated with that. So I would say inventories are where they need to be, accounting for seasonal variation. No real change there. The trade segment was down a little bit, feeling a little bit of pressure, and the sentiment as I talked to, our customers in trade is really the same sentiment that we all share across the whole portfolio, which is this is a volatile market. It's certainly stable in trade. There's nothing that particularly concerns the channel from the folks that I talk to, other than the fact that it's unpredictable. And the question is, when will this turn? There's very much optimism in terms of the overall fundamentals, and we're putting a premium on having the inventories in the right spot and being able then ready to respond with capacity. That's how I would characterize the trade channel.
Unidentified Analyst : Understood. Thank you, Mr. Allman.
Keith Allman : Mr. Allman's my dad. You can call me Keith.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn it back to Robin Zondervan for closing remarks.
Robin Zondervan : We'd like to thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning and for your interest in Masco. Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Second Quarter Conference Call. My name is Ludy [ph] and I'll be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Robin Zondervan, Vice President, Investor Relations and FP&A of Masco Corp. You may begin.
Robin Zondervan: Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2024 second quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and Rick Westenberg, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Robin. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. As we sit here midway through the year, I'm pleased with our performance. Despite a challenging macroeconomic environment, we have delivered solid financial results with our continued focus on operational excellence, brand, service and innovation. Additionally, the strength of our repair and remodel oriented product portfolio has enabled us to drive operating profit margin expansion in the first half of the year, better than we expected despite a decrease in sales. Turning to our second quarter results. Please refer to Slide 5. Demand continued to stabilize as net sales decreased 2%, in line with the prior 2 quarters. Second quarter sales performance was primarily impacted by lower volume and mix. In the quarter, our gross profit grew $16 million and gross margin rose 140 basis points to 37.6% as a result of our ongoing initiatives to drive operational efficiencies and achieve cost savings. Our solid execution resulted in operating profit of $399 million an operating profit margin of 19.1%. In addition, our earnings per share grew 1% to $1.20 per share. Moving to our segments. Plumbing sales increased 2% overall and 1% excluding the impacts of acquisitions and currency. In local currency, North American Plumbing sales increased 5% overall and 2% excluding the impact of acquisitions. In International Plumbing, sales decreased 1% in local currency, demonstrating continued signs of stabilization particularly in Europe and China. Operating profit for the segment was up $4 million to $249 million and operating margin was 19.9%. The largely in line with the prior year, driven by our pricing discipline and operational performance as we continue to focus on productivity, efficiency and cost savings. We are pleased with our performance in the Plumbing segment throughout the first half of the year as our teams both in North America and International, continue to leverage our operating system and execute on our strategic priorities. Lastly, in Plumbing, Delta Faucet was awarded the J.D. Power Customer Service distinction for the third year in a row. This award recognizes our outstanding customer service and reinforces our commitment to industry-leading service. Moving to our Decorative Architectural segment. Sales decreased 7% in the quarter. Overall, paint sales were down high single digits as DIY paint sales decreased low double digits, while pro paint sales grew mid-single digits. In pro paint, we continue to execute on our strategic initiatives to grow share with our partner, The Home Depot. Our partnership dates back over 40 years and together, we are focused on meeting the needs of our customers through quality, service, brand and performance. We are proud of our sales growth and market expansion with the pro paint and we are continuing to invest to drive additional growth going forward. Operating profit for the segment decreased $6 million to $174 million, while operating margin was up 80 basis points to 20.8%. For the first half of this year, demand in our Decorative segment overall was generally in line with our expectations. However, DIY paint was more challenged than expected, partially offset by stronger performance in pro paint. Turning to capital allocation. We continue to generate strong free cash flow during the quarter and maintained a solid balance sheet. As a result, we executed on our capital deployment strategy and returned $206 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Now for a few comments on our outlook for 2024. Overall, sales for the total company were largely in line with our expectations for the first half of the year at down low single digits. As uncertainty within the broader macroeconomic environment has continued, we are tempering our expectations for sales in the second half of the year from up low single digits to roughly flat, leaving our full-year sales within our previously guided range of plus or minus low single digits. However, we are raising our full-year operating margin expectation to be within the range of 17% to 17.5%, driven by the strong first half performance in the Plumbing segment. We remain confident in our ability to drive margin expansion through our continued execution of our operating system. Additionally, with our strong focus on our cost structure and productivity, we are well positioned to leverage volume growth when the market returns to normalized growth rates. We now anticipate adjusted earnings per share for 2024 to be in the range of $4.05 and to $4.20 per share, narrowed from our previous expectations of $4 to $4.25 per share. We continue to believe that the long-term fundamentals of our repair and remodel markets are strong and that structural factors, such as age of housing stock, consumers staying in their homes longer and higher home equity levels will drive increased repair and remodel activity in the mid- to long term. With these favorable fundamentals, the continued successful execution of our strategic initiatives and our disciplined capital deployment, we are well positioned to drive shareholder value creation. We will continue to invest in our brands, capabilities and people to outperform the competition and deliver double-digit EPS growth through cycles for our investors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Rick to go over our second quarter results and 2024 outlook in more detail. Rick?
Rick Westenberg: Thank you, Keith and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining. As Robin mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance excluding the impact of rationalization charges and other onetime items. Turning to Slide 7. Sales in the quarter decreased 2% year-over-year or 1% excluding the unfavorable impact of currency. Our acquisition of Sauna360 in the third quarter of last year added 1% of growth to our second quarter results. In local currency, North American sales decreased 1% or 2% excluding acquisitions. In local currency, International sales decreased 1%. Despite modestly lower sales level, our initiatives to drive operational efficiencies and our favorable price cost performance in the quarter contributed to significant gross margin expansion of 140 basis points to 37.6%. SG&A as a percent of sales was 18.5% and was impacted by higher employee-related costs. Overall, our operating profit was $399 million in the quarter, down slightly year-over-year, driven by lower sales. However, our margin remained strong at 19.1%. Our strong margin performance was primarily driven by cost savings initiatives and a favorable price/cost relationship. We also grew EPS during the quarter by 1% to $1.20 per share. Turning to Slide 8. Plumbing sales increased 2% in the quarter or 3% excluding the unfavorable impact of currency. Volume in our Plumbing segment was flat year-over-year for the first time since the second quarter of 2022, demonstrating encouraging signs of stabilization. Pricing actions increased sales by 2% and acquisitions contributed another 2% to growth year-over-year. This was partially offset by unfavorable mix and currency which reduced sales by 1% each. North American Plumbing sales increased 5%, including 3% related to acquisitions. Delta Faucet delivered another quarter of low single-digit sales growth our Watkins Wellness spa business returned to year-over-year sales growth before factoring in the benefit of the Sauna360 acquisition. In local currency, International Plumbing sales decreased 1% and driven by unfavorable mix, partially offset by pricing actions and favorable volume as we continue to see signs of stabilization in our key markets of Europe and China. Segment operating profit in the second quarter was up $4 million or 2% year-over-year and operating margin was 19.9%, in line with the prior year. This operating profit performance was driven primarily by cost savings initiatives and a favorable price cost relationship, partially offset by unfavorable mix and higher employee-related costs. Turning to Slide 9. Decorative Architectural sales decreased 7% for the second quarter. In the quarter, total paint sales decreased high single digits due to lower volume and price. Pro paint sales were up mid-single digits and DIY paint sales decreased low double digits. A portion of this DIY decrease was driven by timing of sales across the first half of the year. For the first half of the year overall, we saw total paint sales decreased mid-single digits with pro paint sales up low single digits and DIY paint sales down high single digits. As we continue to experience overall softness in the DIY market, we now anticipate our full year DIY paint business to be down mid-single digits versus our previous expectation of down low single digits. In our pro paint business, we continue to expect sales to increase low single digits. Operating profit was $174 million, down slightly year-over-year. However, operating margin was up 80 basis points to 20.8%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volume and an unfavorable price cost relationship, partially offset by cost savings initiatives and the timing of marketing spend. Turning to Slide 10. Our balance sheet remains strong with gross debt-to-EBITDA at 2x at quarter end. We ended the quarter with $1.4 billion of liquidity, including cash and availability under our revolving credit facility. Working capital as a percent of sales decreased 50 basis points to 18.4% as we continue to stay disciplined on our working capital levels. During the second quarter, we repurchased 2 million shares for $143 million and paid a dividend of $64 million to shareholders. As we previously guided, we continue to anticipate deploying approximately $600 million during the year towards share repurchases or acquisitions. Now let's turn to Slide 11 and review our outlook for 2024. For total Masco, our top line for the first half of the year came in largely as expected. While we previously expected sales growth in the second half of the year, we are moderating our view and now anticipate sales to be roughly flat in the second half of the year and for our full-year sales to remain within our previously guided range of plus or minus low single digits. With our strong first half execution and operating margin performance in our Plumbing segment, we now expect full-year operating margin to be approximately 17% to 17.5% and increased from our previous guide of approximately 17%. And while we are seeing increased commodity and ocean freight costs across both of our segments, we expect to continue to deliver operating margin expansion in the second half of the year, with most of this to occur in the fourth quarter. In our Plumbing segment, we are maintaining our top line expectation of full year 2024 sales to be plus or minus low single digits versus the prior year. Based on strong execution in the first half of this year, we are increasing our expected full-year operating margin to approximately 19%, up from our previous guide of approximately 18.5%. In our Decorative Architectural segment, we are lowering our 2024 sales expectation to be down low single digits year-over-year versus our previous guidance of plus or minus low single digits. This change is primarily due to continued softness in the DIY paint market. Despite lower expected sales, we are maintaining our anticipated full-year operating margin of approximately 18%, this would be up from our prior year margin of 17.8% and primarily driven by cost savings initiatives. Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, we are narrowing our 2024 EPS estimate to be in the range of $4.05 to $4.20 per share. This assumes a 220 million average diluted share count for the year and a 24.5% effective tax rate. Additional financial assumptions for 2024 can be found on Slide 14 of our earnings deck. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions. Operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: Maybe I'll start on Decorative. Thinking about the guidance for a low single-digit decline for the year and you're obviously tracking down kind of mid-single digits in the first half. Did I hear you correctly that you were saying paint would be down mid-single digits for the year? Just if you could clarify that relative to the total segment of down low single digits and I might have misheard you. But in general, the question is around what's happening in DIY with this kind of deceleration here in Q2 and what are you assuming to expect some level of acceleration there in the second half to get to the full-year guide?
Keith Allman: Matt, Keith here. Thanks for the question. I think when we think about the DIY, specifically DIY paint subsegment, I think it's well known that, that subsegment tends to be more sensitive than other segments, sensitive to economic conditions sensitive to affordability sensitive to consumer confidence overall. So when you look and think about what's happened in the market, with regards to the price that's been put in, I think over the last couple of years, we're knocking at 40% price increases across our total company on average. So there's a lot of pressure that's been put on that sensitive segment. Rates being high overall affordability in that whole consumer basket through gasoline to groceries to everything. So it's well known that, that's a sense of segment. And we expected it to be down. I think when we look across regionally, it's pretty consistent. So it's a little bit more pressured than we expected. I think we highlighted that in our remarks. Looking forward, why we have the guide where we have it is based on really three fundamental things. One, is our comparables. When you look at the first half over the second half, our comparables soften a little bit and there will be some tailwinds. Secondly, we've talked about some of our SG&A spend being transferred from last year where it was in the second quarter to the third quarter this year. We're going to be using that to drive demand principally through advertising. We obviously have a lot of experience in that and we know what to expect. And then lastly, I would say that our guide contemplates, well, I'm not going to get into the specifics. Our guide contemplates what we're seeing in and recent demand trends as we exit the quarter.
Rick Westenberg: Yes. And Matt, the only thing I would add to that, just to clarify the guide for the full-year, what we indicated is that the DAP segment overall would be down low single digits for the year. Within that, we indicated that pro paint would be up low single digits and DIY paint to be down mid-single digits. We didn't give an overall paint guidance but you can assume that it's in line from a total pain perspective in line with the overall segment of down low single digits.
Keith Allman: I think, Matt, when you think about how we've performed in this volatile time, not only in our Decorative Architectural segment but across the company. And you see what we've been able to do with our margins as it relates to driving sticky and sustainable productivity enhancements across the P&L statement. And what we've been able to do with regards to price which is an opportunity we have, given our strong brands and our innovation pipeline; this business has really handled this volatile market well and we are in good shape. And what's -- what's exciting is about what we have to look forward when this demand does return to more stabilized and more normal growth rates. We have this business dialed in to really contribute incremental earnings on that incremental volume. So feel real good about both of our segments in terms of what we've been able to demonstrate in terms of performance.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. Okay. Thank you for all that color and detail and for clarifying the guidance there. And then so maybe shifting to Plumbing. Certainly, the top line result there in the second quarter. I mean, you did see, I guess, I would call it, acceleration in organic growth U.S. and international. I mean, maybe across both U.S. and international, what exactly is driving that? I mean you gave some great color there on why DIY paint is having a specific issue but perhaps here on the Plumbing side, you saw some better trends. So -- just kind of any color on sort of the shape of demand and how you're envisioning demand continue to evolve in the Plumbing segment.
Keith Allman: If you think about -- I'll talk globally now, international versus domestic. We've started to see some demand challenges early last year in international or in domestic and then international lagged a couple of quarters. Last call, I talked about how I felt strongly that we've come to a stabilization point in North America. And whilst we were seeing signs of stabilization in Europe, I was a little reticent to call that a stable at that point but it was moving in the right direction. I'll tell you that we continue to see more signs of stabilization in international and I feel that we are in that period of stabilized demand internationally. So that goes for our key markets in Central Europe, Germany, in particular and China. So it feels very much like it did a quarter or two ago in North America. Internationally, the team at Hansgrohe continues to do a wonderful job and we are clearly taking share there. And that's -- while it's been consistent in talking about how it's difficult to nail down market size, specifically quarter-to-quarter. But when you look at our performance vis--vis our major competitors on the continent, we're doing a very good job and we're gaining share. So it's a combination of the market starting to come around, stabilization of demand, strong initiatives with regards to share gains and organic growth and a little bit of a slight, slight bit of some pricing tailwinds where we've had some carryover pricing from last year. And that's some incremental spot pricing in parts of our assortment this year. In North America, I can't say enough about the team in North America, continuing to do a very strong job of organic growth with influencer advocacy development that we've been focused on for about a decade, frankly and that just continues to pay off and we view that as a factory where we're producing advocates through influencers where there is an assisted sale in showrooms, for example. Our product assortment and our product launches in our spa business has been wonderful and we've got a great assortment that continues to -- and will continue to roll out. So we've returned to growth in that -- in our spa business. That's over and above the benefits of the acquisition of Sauna360, we think Sauna360, some nice legs to it as we start to leverage our outstanding dealer network and get that brand more and that assortment more available here in North America. So good hard work and we anticipate that continuing. And again, like my comments on your paint question around your Decorative question. The margins are indicative of how well we're doing in operating our operating system. We have a pipeline of Kaizen and continuous improvement activities. That is across our P&L. We're working on variable cost productivity, with labor productivity, scrap rate reductions, overall equipment effectiveness, improvements. We're working on variable cost productivity with regards to trying very hard and keeping a close eye and putting -- taking shifts off-line and combining shift, maybe even working some overtime to enable us to take a shift offline so we can drive that sort of productivity; those are sticky initiatives. So looking forward, when this demand does return to normal, we're excited about the prospects of earnings and what it can do for shareholder value.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: Appreciate all the color. I had a couple of longer-term questions for you, though. I guess the first one relates to what adjustments you might make in the event that there's an abrupt change in tariff policy? And if -- are there any lessons you learned from last time this happened that you would expect to apply in the future if needed.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think when you think about tariffs, when the original Trump tariffs when they were enacted, we've been working very hard with our suppliers. I would tell you, Steve, that in terms of moving to alternative sourcing solutions that would avoid tariffs. We've been able to reduce our exposure by approximately 30%. So that's a big number. We've obviously been driving margin improvement initiatives that I've already talked about. I won't go into that as much. And we've demonstrated the ability to manage through it. And I think that's the best indicator of future performance is what we've been able to do in the past. And our margins are above pre-pandemic levels. So it took some time but we've been able to manage it. So should those tariffs come back into play. We have incentive systems that we've learned from how to appropriately guide the behaviors of our teams to address these issues in a quick fashion. We're starting from a better spot where we have 30% less of our buy tariff exposed. So that's a big help. And we'll continue to execute much of the same playbook that we did in the past. I think we'll do it more effectively. We'll do it more judiciously and faster based on our experience but all of our key management teams have been through this and we're keenly aware of it.
Stephen Kim: Yes. That's very helpful. And then a broader question about your product portfolio. I was wondering whether you're actively seeking to broaden or narrow your product portfolio at this time. Anything specific that you might talk about. And as you look out over the next few years, how do you assess the key strengths that Masco brings to the table that makes you a better owner of certain assets.
Keith Allman: So in terms of our product portfolio and the question of broadening or narrowing, I think there's a couple of components to that. First, we begin with the consumer and we look at pain points that the consumer is experiencing and try to find ways that we can resolve those pain points and we continue to drive that. So that's not so much with a lens on broad or narrow. It's more with a lens of can we meet an unmet need and do it efficiently and rapidly get it to market, hopefully, it wraps some IP around it so that we can have some protection and then move on to the next innovation. So things as simple as how consumers clean their glasses and their sink and what we can develop to help them do that. How we can work with better technology to avoid germs on your hands and how we can activate various technologies to enable consumers to have their problems solved in the kitchen. We certainly are looking at environmental issues. And our ESG and you may have seen it in our sustainability report, where we're working hard on water conservation and how to utilize technology to give better shower experience at lower flow rates, for example. So it's really about customer-backed innovation to meet an unmet need and to continue to leverage our brand and build our brand and give us that pricing power and that must-have position on the shelf. So that's really the fundamental nature of where we're focusing our innovation. In terms of narrowing 80/20 is a fundamental component of our operating system and we look at the long tail and we understand the costs associated with that and we know and we believe that there's no line item on the P&L that says complexity but there is a cost to complexity. And so we're keenly aware of cutting that long tail to be as productive as we can and save those costs to put back into a combination of more growth and higher margins. So it really is a two-edged sword of unmet customer need and complexity reduction. In terms of the key strength of Masco, really, there's brand service and innovation are the strengths that we bring to the market. And coupled with that is strong customer and channel knowledge that we leverage across our product assortment. So when you look at our portfolio, you see that we've -- as we've talked before, Steve, that we've really pruned our portfolio down to where we now have very similar businesses that performed very similar in terms of margin profile or capital requirements, low ticket and we're able to leverage our channel expertise and our expertise as it relates to supply chain management across these businesses to make what we believe is our portfolio is more valuable because they're part of our portfolio and that's our view.
Stephen Kim: Okay. I appreciate that very much, guys. Best of luck with the rest of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with UBS.
John Lovallo: The first one, Keith, just talking about some of the cost-savings initiatives and efficiencies that have been in place. I'm curious how you guys think about the sensitivity of your EPS guide to the top line? And what I mean is that if sales were to come in at the lower end of the range, do you think you could still sort of achieve the midpoint, maybe even the higher end of the EPS range just on the cost saves and execution?
Keith Allman: Yes, I do. And the reason, John, is because of the nature of the improvements that we've done, we're not hoping on things to happen in the future to enable us to hit our margin targets. We are confident in being able to hit our margin targets because of the pipeline we have for execution going forward. And because of what we've done, what we've done and completed and those are things that are sticky, that the teams have done an excellent job of executing against them and we remain confident in. We do have a demonstrated ability over time to price and to get a fair price and we've earned that with our expense and our spend brand, our innovation pipeline how we do in terms of service, our advocacy with the channels that we've driven to help us get that kind of must-have position on the shelf. So yes, we're confident we will hit our margin targets.
Rick Westenberg: Yes. And John, one thing I would add -- John, the only thing I would add is, as you obviously saw from our comments this morning, we've tempered our expectations for the second half of the year and that's factored into our guide. And even in spite of -- despite the lower or tempered expectations for sales. We've narrowed our guide keeping that midpoint. And we're confident we'll end within that EPS guide range.
John Lovallo: Okay, that's helpful. And then can you guys comment on the June exit rates for both businesses? It seems like Plumbing may have actually been positive as things exited. Any kind of help you can give us on what July trends are -- and then within that, why is pro paint hanging in there so strongly, given kind of the softness in some of the overall economic metrics and things of that nature?
Keith Allman: Yes, John, I'll comment on exit rates. Coming out of the quarter. And it's -- there's -- when you look at quarter versus prior year quarter and what happens on the edge of 1 quarter in the following quarter, 1 year and then the previous quarter to next year, it makes that in itself can throw some complexity and some murkiness into how we look at the business. When you start parsing out to how we exit quarters and where the months are and what happens inter quarter, that gets even worse. So we don't do that. But I will tell you that our exit rates and our run rates at the end of the quarter and through July are contemplated in our guide. So those are factored in. Can you help me out with that second question here, John?
John Lovallo: Yes, what is keeping pro so strong in your opinion?
Keith Allman: I think it's a couple of things. One is the nature of the consumer who uses the pro versus the DIY and how sensitive they are. And we're seeing that, call it a mix dynamic. In this case, it's a -- call it, a mix of who does your installation, you hire a pro. But we're also seeing that in terms of the high end of our assortment in Plumbing and then some of the high-end assortment in Deco, where it's just less sensitive. So people who tend to use a pro are less sensitive to some of the macroeconomic uncertainties and consumer confidence issues that are around. They are a more robust consumer because they're a little more affluent; so I think that's a piece of it. The other piece is our performance and our share gain which we continue to drive and to hold. So I think that really sheds a little bit light from my perspective on why pro is performing a little bit better than DIY, why the upper end of our assortment across the whole business is hanging in there a little bit better than the lower end of our assortment. And it really has to do with the subsegment of the consumer base and how sensitive they are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten with Zelman & Associates.
Adam Baumgarten: If we think about DIY, where do volumes currently sit compared to pre-COVID levels in paint?
Rick Westenberg: So Adam, it's Rick. So DIY volumes are below where we were pre-pandemic. Pro volumes are above where we were pre-pandemic. And so overall, we're relatively consistent in terms of pre-pandemic. Obviously, the mix has changed. And as Keith -- obviously, we articulated DIY is more challenged given the factors that Keith articulated but pro is performing. And as you may recall, we had incredible growth in pro really from 2020 to 2023, really 60% stacked comp in terms of growth and that's really more or less offset the DIY headwind that we're facing. That said, we've been able to really hold on to our margins in that environment and we're really positioned well, both in pro and DIY from when the market turns to growth again.
Keith Allman: Adam, I might add on to that and expand a little bit on your question which was specifically on pro paint, pre-pandemic now and back up and take a broader look at our entire company and our whole assortment as it relates to our performance pre-pandemic to where we are today. And I do so because I think it tells a very interesting story for our investors. When you look at pre-pandemic levels of volume and you extend that out at the traditional growth rate of, say, 2.5%, you get to where we are today. What you'll see and a little bit of timing differences. But broadly speaking, when the pandemic hit, we had a very substantial bump in our demand and then that demand went below the historical run rate extended from pre-pandemic levels and we went through that pull forward, if you will. And when you look at where we are now in terms of volume and you inflation adjust that COVID bump because there was significant pricing in there. So you really look at where the volume is what you see is a deferral of demand, we believe and that the size of that deferral, that area under the curve is roughly the same as the -- as what we saw post pandemic inflation adjusted. So our view is that we really are seeing a deferral of spend in the DIY space. And that's exciting for us because as we've talked quite a bit already today, our business is tuned in and that's -- the measure of that is our margins. And we have a state-of-the-art new paint plant coming up in Ohio and that ramp-up is going fabulously, the team is doing a great job. We have a significant, very large plumbing manufacturing plant in Serbia, that's coming online. And again, same story. All things are going well and that plant is coming up nicely. So as this demand starts to return to normalized levels. We've got the business tuned with regards to our cost control. We're watching our SG&A spend closely on the growth incentive -- our growth investments. And our capacity is in great shape to be able to support it, including some surge capacity for selling seasons on our paint side. So this business is ready to do some exciting stuff when this market turns.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay, got it. Good to hear. And then just in Plumbing, a couple of questions. Just if you could walk through kind of how North American growth trended across retail and wholesale? And then you mentioned negative mix in the segment. Maybe what drove that?
Keith Allman: A couple of components. We are seeing some trade down in the assortment while the upper entity assortment is holding on very well as I talked a little bit earlier. There is a little bit of trade down from mid to the lower part of our assortment, understanding we don't play in the very low piece of the assortment. So there's a bit of trade down and then there was also a bit of geographic mix where earlier on, we're seeing it more stable now for sure but China was challenged for a couple of quarters. In China, for us, with our Hansgrohe and Axor brand tends to be a higher end consumer. So as geographically as China goes down, that's a natural mix it. Now having said that, we -- Rick, I don't think we're really calling for much of an impact on mix for the year.
Rick Westenberg: No. Yes. And Adam, to your question about channel performance, there's a bit of noise quarter-to-quarter from a comp comparable perspective. So I'd like to think about it really from a first half perspective. And really, we saw solid kind of low single-digit growth in kind of the wholesale trade and retail held up actually reasonably well. And we're expecting that trend to continue in the second half of the year as we've guided for the segment overall, plus or minus low single digits. So we're seeing some stability. And also on top of that, some pricing that led to some favorable price cost relationship as well that's adding to our margin expansion for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. This is Andrew [ph] on for Mike. I just wanted to ask maybe high level thinking about your repair and remodel outlook with some potential rate cuts here and some pressure on the existing home sales. Just curious if you're leaning more towards the upside or downside on that outlook?
Keith Allman: Not really leaning it away or kind of right in the middle. We're calling R&R to be flat to down low single digits and I think that's the right place to be.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then in terms of commodity volatility. Just curious on how you're thinking about input costs across segments and pricing to offset that.
Rick Westenberg: Sure, Andrew. It's Rick. So from a commodity perspective, I'll take a step back overall. Really, in Q2, we didn't see a significant driver one way or the other. In the first half of the year, we saw commodities be a slight tailwind to our performance. And in the Plumbing segment, we have positive price/cost relationship. As we think about where we sit here today, as I think we've all observed, we've seen a bit of an uptick with regards to the metal prices of copper and zinc. It has trailed off a bit but still elevated as well as some of the paint inputs. So TiO2 and resin there's some pressure on that. So we see that as, as I mentioned in my opening comments, we see that as a bit of a headwind in the second half of the year. Now granted, it takes time for the commodity costs and ocean freight costs for that matter to work its way through our inventory and hit our P&L. But given the inflation that we saw really during the quarter, we do expect to have that be a bit of a headwind in the second half of the year, really later in the year. Despite that, we actually are, as you know, expecting margin expansion in the second half of the year, really in both of our segments. And so we're able to overcome those headwinds. We're monitoring that very closely and we're taking action accordingly. But we do expect to have margin expansion in the second half of the year and margin expansion overall. And thus, we've raised our operating profit margin expectations for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari: For DIY paint year-to-date, do you think your volume performance has been sort of in line with kind of the underlying DIY market? Or have your volumes maybe tracked a little bit better or a little bit worse than the industry? And if there's any sort of variance there, what do you think is driving it?
Keith Allman: Anthony, it's -- and I've talked about this really across our entire company. But particularly when you talk about getting into subsegments of DIY that go through multiple channels and it's very difficult to accurately pin down market size, particularly from one quarter to the next. So that's a major caveat here. But when we look at where we performed in the first half of the year because there was a little bit of some system fill volume that last year was in the very beginning of the second quarter that this year was in the last -- end of the first quarter. So when you look at it for the first half and we look at how we are performing versus what we can tease out from what we hear from our competition and that's not easy as well. Sometimes you have to really listen hard to understand what is DIY versus what is in a particular segment, how much is DIY is in another segment, etcetera. But we think we're right there. We think we're holding share. And that's attributable to a couple of things. Obviously, we have an outstanding partner in The Home Depot who does a phenomenal job of generating foot traffic and merchandising and with our partnership with some 40 years, it's very productive as we're both focused on the same thing which is serving the customer. So that's a big piece. And then Behr brand. When you look at the Behr brand, I can make a very strong argument that we are the best DIY brand out there. And that's based on collaboration from outside sources, whether you look at quality for service or brand in terms of both awareness and equity. So I feel extremely good about our business, knowing full well that the DIY channel is a bit challenged now. And again, as I've said before, when this starts to turn around, we are ready with surge capacity. We're ready with a tuned in cost structure as demonstrated by our margins and the team is fired up. So I think we are holding our own. And certainly, when you look at the pro side of the business, not only gain some significant share over the years but demonstrated the ability to hold it. And frankly, our lower piece of the total market. We have a lot of white space and a nice value proposition that we're going to continue to invest in.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just we've seen existing home sales below $4 million, really historically low levels. And I'm just wondering how that is impacting different parts of your business. If you can just kind of remind us maybe which parts of Masco are most impacted or maybe at least impacted by the slowdown in existing home sales in the U.S.
Keith Allman: More existing home sales is better for us than last particularly when you talk about paint and people paint their homes before they sell, the new owner paints it to their taste. But when you really peel back the numbers, it's not much of an impact, really. I mean you're talking about 4 million or 5 million existing home sales on a 130 million base. And when you have an existing home turnover, that might I think the number is somewhere around 25%, 30% increase in DIY spend for that period during the transition. So you take 4 out of 130 and you get a 20% bump on those, it's very, very, really very low impact. We're a small ticket repair and remodel portfolio purposefully tuned into that to give stability and resilience through cycles and to deliver double-digit EPS through cycles for the investors. And the key correlation there is consumer confidence, existing home equity. And we -- that's why we feel so good about it. So yes, obviously, more is better in terms of existing home turnover but it's not that material for our business when you really look at the numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Chris [ph] on for Mike. Just going back to the DIY paint comments. I think earlier you said you made a comment around a more sensitive consumer in DIY, I mean how would you characterize the dynamics in DIY today relative to kind of what you saw last quarter? And then, within the down low double-digit sales decline in 2Q. Any way you could break out what price versus volume looked and your expectations on both those drivers in the back half, that would be helpful.
Keith Allman: I don't think there's really any difference in the DIY perspective this quarter from last quarter. I don't have any technical numbers on a quarter-by-quarter basis to say that. But just talking and being in the channel and getting exposed our business, I really don't see a difference as far as the low double digit down in DIY, you really have to look at the half, as I said, because there were some volumes that straddle one quarter versus the other quarter when you look year-over-year.
Rick Westenberg: Yes, Chris. I mean, just to add more reactor. That's why we look at it really -- we think it's appropriate to look at it from a first half perspective. And as we mentioned, DIY was down high single digits in the first half of the year and that was -- there wasn't really any trend per se within the half to focus on. I think to your other question as it pertains to volume and price. We haven't broken down specifics but they were both headwinds. Price was a low single-digit down and the volume with the remainder. And as I know we've articulated in the past, we've got a relationship with The Home Depot in terms of an agreement in terms of price, commodity cost neutrality. And so what we saw is we saw commodity cost decrease in the second half of last year as a consequence, as we mentioned previously, we provided some price downs as part of that. And so that's what you're seeing manifesting itself this year. It's really the carryover price implication. And we'll see that kind of carry through the second half of the year. But as articulated, we do see improvement in DIY paint as we enter the second half of the year, some of it is a comp dynamic. Some of it's really actions taken by the team. And we do expect that ultimately for the year, DIY would be down mid-single digits based off of those actions.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. That's helpful. And then, just shifting over to Plumbing. How do the channel inventories look today? Is there any kind of notable restock or destock dynamics that we should be aware of?
Keith Allman: No. I mean there's always seasonality adjustments to get ready for selling seasons but nothing really out of the ordinary.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Reid with Wells Fargo.
Sam Reid: Wanted to talk about the Dec Arc segment but maybe focus on the lighting business for a moment here. I think you made some moves to stabilize this last quarter. Looks like growth might have improved sequentially in lighting, is my math correct. Just remind us what you've been doing here because you've done streamlining the subsegment. And what are the opportunities to kind of further stabilize top line here?
Keith Allman: Yes, Sam, I appreciate the question and good memory. So with regards to the lighting business, we -- the team has taken some really proactive actions with regards to opportunistic pricing, streamlining lines of business, exiting lines of business that had less profitable dynamics to them and of course, cutting cost and really has positioned the business for success going forward. We don't provide, as you know, breakdowns of financials within our segment. And what I would say is the top line performance has improved sequentially and we're expecting that the lighting and hardware business which are the complements to paint in the DAP segment, to be really going forward that performance top line to be in line with the R&R industry expectations which is as Keith articulated earlier, it would be flat to down low single digits. But we're definitely seeing a positive trajectory relative to where we were, let's say, a few months ago.
Sam Reid: That's helpful. And then I wanted to switch gears and dig a little deeper on plumbing really quickly but maybe in the context of pricing, are there -- were there any noticeable differences in pricing between channels, I'm thinking wholesale versus retail here? And then, thinking in terms of kind of what's embedded in your outlook for 2H kind of any divergence in pricing we should be thinking of from a channel perspective, again, kind of retail versus wholesale?
Keith Allman: Yes, Sam. I would say from a pricing perspective, we can speak overall which was, it was for Plumbing for the segment, it was a positive 2% contributor in the quarter. From a channel perspective, we don't get into that specifically. I would say that from a trade perspective, it's pretty robust. But I would say that we're -- the team is really focused on taking price in reflection of our strong brands in our product portfolio and really capturing that value. But we generally work hand in hand with our customers to make sure that we've got really profitable growth across the ecosystem. But I would say I would stick to in terms of our expectations, our results and our guidance really at a segment level and that's positive low single-digit pricing this quarter and for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: My first question is you mentioned that you did see some benefit on the cost savings and some of those broader initiatives that you've been working on in the quarter across both of the segments. Can you just talk a bit more about what some of those were, how they've come together. And I guess as you think further out, the ability continue to realize those benefits as you try and close that margin gap with where we are today relative to the longer-term guide?
Keith Allman: So to give you a little bit of flavor for it because our pipelines are very large and we measure the Masco operating system measures and drives our performance this way by taking down a gap that we want to attack and putting it into a module of continuous improvement that we can execute on, we call a Kaizen event. And we measure those in terms of where they are in the pipeline in the five-step process and how we drive them through. We look at size and we look at flow-through and then we have finance validate what the actual benefit is. So we make sure that we're putting it into the P&L. So they're pretty small and discrete items. And the benefit of that is that the ability to manage these improvement initiatives through the system is what our leadership profile is really about. So it's not only helping to develop our business in terms of margin and performance but it's also developing our leaders. So my point is they're pretty small modules. So things like identifying a capacity constraint in a particular area of our business where demand has taken off more than expected and being able to drive improvement in that capacity so that we are more efficient. And that the rest of the factory isn't waiting on that output. That's a big output from a small event that we've done over time, multiple events; so that's on equipment productivity. On people productivity; it's about balancing shifts and taking shifts instead of running a half shift on second shift which takes maintenance personnel and supervisory personnel. We jammed that into one shift and then we're able to get more productive on the semi-variable overhead and then do a series of Kaizen events on that shift that's working overtime to sustain to give us off over time, that sort of thing. On the top line, it's coming in with growth initiatives and how we can execute better through sales force execution, whether it's better segmentation or better standardization of how we make our sales call so that we are more effectively highlighting the benefits versus the competition. And these are all things that we can train to in our leadership and in our salaried folks so that, as I said, it's developing our leaders as well. So it's a series of small steps that we click through and then work very hard to avoid back stepping.
Susan Maklari: Okay, that's great color. And then turning to capital allocation. You still are on track for that $600 million of repurchases or bolt-on M&A. Any comment on M&A, how that pipeline is looking? Anything of note there?
Keith Allman: Not a whole lot of change from the last quarter. I would say we are feeling that there's -- it's still a little quiet out there with where rates are and where valuations are and where people who are ready to sell ready to sell and a little bit of a deflated what we're seeing to be a little bit of a lower valuation sort of period. But there's plenty of work that we're out there for us and we're evaluating it. I'll tell you, Susan, that our capital allocation strategy has not changed, we're focused on paint and plumbing and looking for businesses that we can learn from and that we can leverage. I think Sauna360 is a great example of what we're looking for. It was a smallish, call it, $100 million business in that range. But one that when we are able to look at that technology and what they offer, we can bring a significant amount of value creation to that business through our extensive network in the United States. That's the sort of thing that we continue to work on. And I would say, deal flow is about the same as it was before.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with Truist.
Keith Hughes: Earlier in the call, you had discussed some inflation -- input inflation coming. In terms of offsetting that, do you think we'll need be using price increases and you can talk about that paint versus the Plumbing segment.
Rick Westenberg: Keith, sure. So as you alluded to and I mentioned in my opening comments and during an earlier Q&A, we do see some commodity inflation and ocean freight, ocean freight here that it's going to be serving as a bit of a headwind as we enter the second half of the year. Specific to your question, we do see pricing in the Plumbing segment as an offset to that. Really, we're continuing to take low single-digit price increases with regards to our Plumbing segment. We'll continue to lever that. But really, that's a Plumbing dynamic. As it pertains to the coatings, it's really going to be a balance between where we end up relative to commodity or input costs and our net price with regards to our retail partner in that regard. So really no comment there. I would say, though, in addition to price, as Keith has alluded to a couple of times, the team has done tremendous work with Behr to driving operational efficiencies and cost down. So with regards to offsetting that commodity headwind, it's certainly, price is part of the equation but it's not exclusively priced. It's also operational efficiency, cost reduction and running the business tighter. And we're seeing that here in the first half and we'll continue to drive that in the second half of the year to deliver the margins overall, that we've guided to.
Operator: We'd like to thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning and for your interest in Masco. That concludes today's call. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. My name is Lidy, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions]  
 I will now turn the call over to Robin Zondervan. You may begin. 
Robin Zondervan: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2024 First Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and Rick Westenberg, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  
 Our first quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at (313) 792-5500.  
 Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations.  
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Keith. 
Keith Allman: Thank you, Robin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5.  
 I'm very pleased with our strong start to the year as we reported another quarter of operating profit margin expansion and EPS growth compared to the prior year. Our results were driven by improved operational efficiencies, solid execution and the strength of our repair and remodel product portfolio. We remain focused on growing our market share by engaging with our customers, launching innovative new products, and building on the value of our brands.  
 Turning to our overall company performance. Our top line decreased 3% in the quarter, which was in line with our expectations. Volume was down 4%, partially offset by pricing actions of 1% and the impact of our recent acquisition of Sauna360, which we finalized in the third quarter of the prior year. Operating profit improved in the quarter by $10 million to $322 million net dollars and operating margin grew 90 basis points to 16.7%. 
 The improvement in our operational performance was primarily driven by cost savings initiatives and a favorable price cost relationship, partially offset by lower volume. Our earnings per share grew 8% to $0.93 per share.  
 Turning to our segments. Plumbing sales declined 2% overall and 4% excluding acquisitions. In local currency, North American Plumbing sales decreased 1%, including the favorable impact of acquisitions. In International Plumbing, sales decreased 5%. Operating profit for the segment was up $26 million to $228 million, and operating margin was up 260 basis points to 19.1%. In addition to our focus on operational excellence and continuous improvement, both our North American and International Plumbing businesses remain focused on developing new and innovative products that serve the needs of our customers.  
 In North American Plumbing, for example, Delta Faucet showcased several new and award-winning products at the Kitchen and Bath Industry Show held in February, including a multilevel offering of steam showers, headlined by the Brizo Mystic steam shower system, a tankless reverse osmosis water filtration system and several cross expansions in brick-and-mortar retail and in the Bathing Category online, all of which are launching later this year. 
 In our spa business, Watkins Wellness launched FreshWater IQ, a smart monitoring system that automatically tests the water in your spa and communicates recommendations when adjustments are needed to maintain clean natural feeling water. This breakthrough technology provides our customers with a superior ownership experience and continues the legacy of innovation that makes Watkins Wellness, an industry leader in the spa market.  
 In our international plumbing business, Hansgrohe Axor brand recently presented a variety of new products at the Milan Furniture Fair, including the Citterio C bathroom collection, customization options with Axor signature service and the Axor Shower Select ID temperature control technology. These products continue to demonstrate Hansgrohe's innovative bathroom solutions, which offer premium design while simultaneously saving energy and water. With our strong brands, global presence and innovative products, our Plumbing segment is well positioned to continue to gain global market share.  
 Turning next to our Decorative Architectural segment. Sales declined 3%. Pro paint and DIY paint sales were both relatively flat year-over-year. Operating profit for the segment declined by $8 million to $125 million, and operating margin declined 60 basis points to 17%. In our paint business, we remain focused on working closely with our partner, the Home Depot to drive further share gains with both Pro and DIY paint customers.  
 During the quarter, Behr continued to invest in services focused on meeting the needs of the Pro painter. This included expanding the Pro sales force into additional markets across the United States, increasing job site delivery availability and providing exceptional brand loyalty programs. Additionally, in a recent third-party quality study, Behr was rated #1 in interior paint, #1 in exterior paint and #1 in exterior stain demonstrating the strength and exceptional quality of our leading Behr brand.  
 Moving to capital allocation. Our strategy remains unchanged. During the quarter, we returned $212 million to shareholders through the repurchase of 2.1 million shares for $148 million and a dividend payment of $64 million.  
 Now turning to our outlook for the remainder of 2024. With the year beginning largely as expected, we continue to anticipate that 2024 adjusted earnings per share will be in the range of $4 to $4.25 per share. While we expect a relatively flat top line for the year, our focus on cost savings initiatives, disciplined pricing, and operational efficiencies will help us continue to drive operating margin improvement and earnings per share growth in 2024. 
 For the remainder of the year, we remain cautiously optimistic as we continue to monitor inflation data, the likelihood of current year interest rate cuts and changes in consumer confidence levels. However, we continue to believe the fundamentals of our repair and remodel markets are strong and that structural factors, such as the age of housing stock, consumers staying in their homes longer, and higher home equity levels will drive increased repair and remodel activity over the mid to long term. We believe these favorable fundamentals, our portfolio of low-ticket repair and remodel products, our focus on operational excellence and our disciplined capital allocation strategy will continue to drive shareholder value creation.  
 Now I will turn the call over to Rick to go through our first quarter results and the 2024 outlook in more detail. Rick? 
Richard Westenberg: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining.  
 Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining.  
 As Robin mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization charges and other onetime items.  
 Turning to Slide 7. Sales in the quarter decreased 3% year-over-year or decreased 4%, excluding the favorable impact of our Sauna360 acquisition in the third quarter of last year. FX had a minimal impact on our first quarter results. In local currency, North American sales decreased 2% or 3% excluding acquisitions. 
 In local currency, international sales decreased 5%. Despite lower sales, our continued efforts to drive operational efficiencies as well as our price cost performance in the quarter, helped lead to gross margin expansion of 210 basis points to 35.7%. SG&A as a percent of sales was 19.1% and was impacted by higher employee-related costs including incentive compensation. 
 Overall, our operating profit grew 3% in the quarter, and margin expanded 90 basis points to 16.7%. This strong operating profit and margin performance was due primarily to cost savings initiatives and a favorable price cost relationship, partially offset by lower volumes. We also grew EPS during the quarter by 8% to $0.93 per share. 
 Turning to Slide 8. Plumbing sales decreased 2% in the quarter, in line with our expectations. Lower volume and mix reduced sales by 7%. This was partially offset by favorable pricing of 3% and the positive impact of acquisitions of 2%. North American Plumbing sales decreased 1%, however, decreased 4% excluding acquisitions. Delta Faucet had another solid quarter, achieving low single-digit revenue growth driven by continued strength in the wholesale channel. In local currency, International Plumbing sales decreased 5%, driven by soft demand in our key markets of Europe and China.  
 Segment operating profit in the first quarter was up $26 million or 13% year-over-year, and operating margin expanded 260 basis points to 19.1%. This operating profit improvement was driven by cost savings initiatives and a favorable price cost relationship, partially offset by lower volume and mix.  
 Turning to Slide 9. Decorative Architectural sales decreased 3% for the first quarter. Paint sales were relatively flat year-over-year with sales in both DIY and Pro paint in line with last year. This performance was consistent with our expectations, and we continue to anticipate our full year DIY paint business to decrease low single digits and our Pro paint business to increase low single digits. Operating profit was $125 million, and operating margin was 17% down 60 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to lower pricing, partially offset by cost savings initiatives.  
 Turning to Slide 10. Our balance sheet remains strong with gross debt-to-EBITDA at 2x at quarter end. We ended the quarter with $1.3 billion of liquidity, including cash and availability under our revolving credit facility. Working capital as a percentage of sales declined 50 basis points to 18.6% as we continue to stay disciplined on our working capital levels.  
 During the first quarter, we repurchased 2.1 million shares for $148 million and paid a dividend of $64 million to shareholders. As we discussed on our February earnings call, we continue to anticipate deploying approximately $600 million during the year towards share repurchases or acquisitions.  
 Now let's turn to Slide 11 and review our outlook for 2024. The year has started largely as expected, and as a result, we are maintaining our full year outlook, which is as follows: for Masco overall, we expect 2024 sales to be roughly flat with operating margin growing to approximately 17%. Currency is projected to have minimal impact on our results. We expect sales to be down slightly in the first half of the year, with modest growth in the back half of the year. Additionally, we expect operating margin to be roughly flat in the first half of the year, with expansion expected in the second half.  
 In our Plumbing segment, we expect 2024 full year sales to be plus or minus low single digits versus 2023 and our operating margin to expand to approximately 18.5% up from our prior year margin of 18%. Margin expansion will be primarily driven by pricing discipline, operational efficiency and continued cost savings initiatives.  
 In our Decorative Architectural segment, we expect 2024 sales to also be plus or minus low single digit versus 2023 and operating margin to be approximately 18% up from our prior year margin of 17.8%, driven by cost savings initiatives.  
 Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, we are maintaining our 2024 EPS estimate of $4 to $4.25 per share. This assumes a 221 million average diluted share count for the year and a 24.5% effective tax rate. Additional financial assumptions for 2024 can be found on Slide 14 of our earnings deck.  
 With that, I'd like to open up the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi. 
Anthony Pettinari: DIY paint accelerated pretty meaningfully from 4Q to 1Q. And I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit about whether that acceleration was related more towards improving demand or maybe the timing of comps? And how should we think about maybe pathway to restoring price/cost and DA given volumes are improving? 
Keith Allman: I'm not quite tracking with you, Anthony, in terms of volumes improving. Tell me what you mean by that? 
Anthony Pettinari: I guess the move from DIY paint from 4Q to 1Q, if you could just talk about the trends you're seeing there. 
Keith Allman: Well, I'd tell you that we've -- when we look at the rate of volume decline that we're seeing across our business and specifically in DIY paint, we continue to see that the market is down a little bit. We haven't really seen a restoration of volumes. I don't know if you're implying sequentially or if you're looking at year-over-year. 
Anthony Pettinari: Yes, year-over-year. 
Richard Westenberg: Anthony, the only thing I would add is there's nothing really noteworthy in terms of trends. I think it's more seasonality. But in terms of our DIY performance as well as our Pro volume or sales performance, it was roughly flat year-over-year on a Q1-to-Q1 basis. And as we indicated in terms of the calendar year outlook, which is probably more meaningful on a calendar basis, we do expect DIY to be down low single digits, but Pro to be up low single digits. So that provides some context in terms of what we're expecting this year. 
Anthony Pettinari: That's very helpful. And then I'm just -- plumbing ball mix, I think, decelerated from down 4% in 4Q to down 7% in 1Q despite what looked like an easier comp. I'm just wondering if you could talk about if that -- if you view that as a deceleration, if there's anything in the weaker channels that you'd flag and maybe just more broadly about trends that you're seeing in Kitchen and Bath remodel that you'd identify as maybe tracking better or worse than expected for Masco? 
Richard Westenberg: Yes. I think in terms of what we're seeing on a sequential basis on a year-over-year but a sequential basis, as you articulated, I think that's driven largely by the geographic performance. So it wasn't really until Q2 of last year where we saw more of a slowdown in our international market. And so as we look on a year-over-year basis, our North America Plumbing was down 1% or 2%. But our International Plumbing was down about 5% on a currency-adjusted basis. So I think that's perhaps explaining the dynamics that you're seeing.  
 I guess I'll let maybe Keith to comment in terms of the trends as we see going forward in terms of the Plumbing business in Kitchen and Bath? 
Keith Allman: Yes. When we look at our rate of decline in Plumbing it really shows a moderation in terms of what I would call stabilization, probably a better word, particularly in North America. The slowdown last year happened, as Rick said, a couple of quarters later in our International business. So our -- in North America, our trade business is doing quite well. And overall North America is stable. We feel it's safe to say that we've hit the bottom in North America, a little bit different story internationally. More stability in Germany, certainly, but there's still some variability in China. So it's maybe a little bit too early to call to say that we're seeing that hit bottom in North America. So we're expecting our international sales to be down a little bit more in terms of the total market this year than we would in North America. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo from UBS. 
John Lovallo: Maybe starting at a high level, just talking or thinking about your outlook for repair and remodel sort of flat to down low single digits. But we've had a move in rates here and perhaps a little bit more pressure on existing home sales. Just curious if you're kind of leaning more towards upside or downside there, if anything has changed in your overall thought process? 
Keith Allman: Really no change. We've performed this quarter as expected. We're holding our guidance and believe that we will start to see an uptick in the second half in the overall market. But -- no real changes as we see it in terms of how the consumer is behaving. Certainly, there's volatility left and that we're calling for flat, plus or minus low single digits. And our market is driven primarily by consumer confidence. So we're watching carefully where the rates go, what happens geopolitically. There's a lot of dynamics here, but fundamentally, how we view the market has not changed. And by and large, first quarter came in right where we expected it to come in. 
John Lovallo: Okay. Yes, that's encouraging. And then considering that DIY and Pro paint were both sort of flattish on a sales basis year-over-year. That would seem to imply that Kichler and the hardware business were down maybe closer to 15%. I mean are we thinking about that right? What's -- and if so, what's sort of driving that? And then how are you thinking about these businesses as we move through the year? 
Richard Westenberg: Yes. No, I follow your math, John. It wasn't quite that significant, but Kichler and Liberty were down a bit more than our overall portfolio. And some of that's driven based off of decisions that are made. For example, Kichler has done a really nice job at taking some restructuring actions with regards to cost and price, but also portfolio exiting some lines of business that weren't as profitable. So that's driving a little bit of the year-over-year comp. And as we look for the rest of the year, I think what we will expect to see in terms of those business lines is more in line with the R&R industry as we kind of lap some of the comps. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley from Barclays. 
Matthew Bouley: A couple of questions on the margins. I think you again spoke to a total company operating margins being sort of flat year-over-year in the first half. Obviously, Q1 was quite -- was up year-over-year. So I guess my question is for the second quarter, does that imply margins really need to be down as soon as the second quarter here? Kind of any finer point on how should we think about that margin here in the second quarter? 
Richard Westenberg: Yes. No, Matt, I appreciate the question. And we are pleased with our performance. It was a strong performance in Q1. And we've -- as you indicated, we've reiterated our guidance for the year as well as our first half and second half performance. I think it's important to note that we do still expect to see overall margin expansion in each of our segments in for Masco overall for the calendar year.
 But when you look at a quarterly performance in this particular case, it's really -- Q2 is really a comparison to a strong comp last year. So 2023, Q2, we had very strong margin performance for Masco overall. I think we had 19% margins. 
 So it's really a strong comp, year-over-year comp that we're looking at. So yes, it's fair to say that we do expect some margin reduction year-over-year in Q2. But we're expecting flattish margin in the first half of the year and margin expansion overall. But we still expect to see a solid Q2 and sequential increase in margins from Q1 to Q2 as well. 
Matthew Bouley: And second one, just zooming into the Plumbing margin specifically, 19.1% margin in the first quarter. You kept the full year guide unchanged. I guess it would be helpful if you can kind of outline how price cost is playing into that. You had the benefit in Q1 and maybe we are seeing copper prices increase here. So just how is price cost playing into that? And was there anything else kind of beneficial in Q1 that sort of not continuing for the year? So yes, just kind of what the reasoning behind holding that guide unchanged? 
Keith Allman: Not a real big impact in price/cost in Plumbing in the quarter. Again, as Rick said, we're pleased with the margin performance. The team has done a real phenomenal job of lining up a pipeline of productivity initiatives, and this is something that's been going on for several quarters now and part of the reason why we have the confidence of the overall margin increase year-over-year. So it's really not a question of what's not going to continue moving forward. We're holding our guide. The business performed well, not a whole lot of impact either way from the price/cost relationship. It's just good solid execution, and we expect that to continue. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets. 
Michael Dahl: Keith, just to follow up on that. It does seem like the progression in Plumbing has -- is -- it's driven by some sustainable things that you expect to continue. You have articulated a medium-term guide that is higher than this 18.5%, and it's basically you're approaching that with your 1Q. So when we look forward, are there specific things that you can point to for the balance of the year that would end up coming in and being incremental headwinds to the plumbing business, whether it's mix or other things like that would bring the margin down from what you're experiencing here? 
Keith Allman: Well, I think we've -- Mike demonstrated an ability to manage commodity changes. Who knows where they will go. We're seeing a little bit of variability. We're watching crude oil. There's some freight components in terms of incremental costs as we ship around the Red Sea. There's pending labor negotiations in the East Coast. So those are the types of things that we watch, and we're uncertain where those may go and if they will result in headwinds, but I think we've demonstrated the ability to manage those with our pipeline of productivity initiatives and cost out as well as the strength of our brands and innovation and ability to get price where we need to.  
 I think in terms of what's out there that could materially drive margin, and what we're really looking at is the overall volume. Our plan is to convert volume at that 30% to 35% range in Plumbing. So that could be an upside if volume goes in the positive direction. And then we're going to have to manage very tightly on the decrementals should it go the other way. But really don't have in mind any significant negative headwinds in our Plumbing business that we're anticipating going forward. We're just ready to manage in the volatility. I think that's the key. 
Michael Dahl: Yes. That makes sense. Okay. And then just shifting gears to the overall kind of capital allocation environment. We've seen a decent number of building products businesses trade hands or announce transactions, a variety of kind of scale there in terms of small to large. Can you just update us on kind of what you're seeing out there, how you're thinking about the environment and how it's unfolding year-to-date? 
Keith Allman: Sure. I think the important -- the most important view that we have is that our capital allocation strategy has not changed. I think we're anticipating in the range of $600 million this year of availability for acquisition from cash flow available for acquisitions or buyback. And we see those as fungible, and we're not going to hoard cash, and we're going to manage that very consistently with how we have in the past, and that's resulted in good shareholder value creation.
 So no change in our strategy in terms of acquisitions, focused on bolt-ons in our Paint and Plumbing business. We think that's the right place to be given the relative pricing of deals that we're seeing out there. I would say that the deal flow is up a little bit, but not necessarily materially. We continue to drive cultivation work and are looking at several options, but no change in our capital allocation strategy.  
 With regards to some specific announcements that are out there, particularly in our paint business. Assets of that size, it's somewhat rare that they come up and it's safe to conclude that we're looking at those, at that opportunity. And we'll see if there is a form of -- or any variety of a deal that could add value to us. 
 So too early to talk about it. We're not going to get into detail here, but the things that we are looking at are consistent with our capital allocation strategy. It's a strategy that has worked for a period of years for us to generate shareholder value. And we're going to continue to drive that strategy. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. 
Susan Maklari: Going back to some of the company-specific initiatives that you've got coming through, it seems like you're really starting to gain some momentum with them even with the backdrop still being fairly tepid in there. Given the progress that you're seeing, is there any change in the time line or perhaps the sort of progress or the things that we should be thinking about that could come through over the course of this year or next year? 
Keith Allman: No, not really. We're pleased with the first quarter performance, as I said in my prepared remarks, but it's on plan. That's what we anticipated. We're 1 quarter into the year. We're 1 quarter in marching towards our 2026 margin guidance. So we're not -- we're not really -- no change at this point. Things are going well. We're executing well. We realize that we're in a volatile environment and that flexibility and reactivity is important, and we're continuing to drive that with our leadership team.
 So I would say good start to the year, good start marching towards our '26 targets. No change, and we're continuing to focus our leadership teams on making sure that we're very mindful of our gross spend and our SG&A spend to make sure that we're getting the productivity from those. 
 We're driving our pipeline of efficiency improvements through our standardized operating systems that we've had for over a decade now. And things are moving along nicely. We're pleased, but no change in our 2026 outlook or how we feel about the year. We think we're going to have a year as planned and as we're guiding. 
Susan Maklari: Okay. Okay. That sounds great. And then you also had some really nice improvements on the working capital side. Does that go to some of these efforts that are coming in? And can you just talk about what drove that? And any thoughts on how that could trend over the next couple of quarters? 
Richard Westenberg: Sue, it's Rick. Yes. From a working capital perspective, we continue to be disciplined on working capital. It's probably well documented. We had a bit elevated of working capital in 2022. We brought that back in line in 2023. And our expectation is that we'll continue to keep working capital at a normalized or in-line basis as we work through the course of the year. So there will be seasonality. 
 It's higher in Q1 just from a seasonality perspective as we and our channel partners prepare for the seasonally stronger Q2 and Q3 selling season. But in terms of working capital, follow more of a traditional seasonality trend. And as we look towards the end of the year, we're projecting that we would end working capital as a percent of sales around 16.5%, which is relatively in line with where we finished 2023. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten from Zelman. 
Adam Baumgarten: Just in Plumbing, how should we think about the magnitude of the price cost tailwinds on a go-forward basis? Do you think that 1Q was maybe the peak for that relationship? Or do you expect tailwinds throughout the balance of the year? 
Richard Westenberg: Yes, Adam, what I would say is, again, we're pleased with Q1 performance. As it pertains to the rest of the year, I would say, for Plumbing price, we're expecting a low single-digit tailwind or favorability for the year overall and commodities to be relatively neutral. As Keith mentioned, there's some -- obviously, as we all recognize, variability in the commodity markets and in the freight market. So that's a little bit TBD as the year plays out. But at least from a price perspective, low single-digit favorability. 
Adam Baumgarten: And then just on the mix side in Plumbing. Did you see any headwinds in the quarter? And if so, was that really due to International? Or are you seeing some trade down? Maybe just some more color on the mix side of it. 
Richard Westenberg: Yes, it was pretty minimal during the quarter. It was a slight headwind in our International business, just really, as Keith mentioned before, China is still pretty volatile and that tends to be a more profitable market. So if that is down, which it was, it's geographic mix, but it wasn't very meaningful for the overall business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng from Jefferies. 
Philip Ng: Keith, I appreciate your comments about the consumer and how the year is shaping up largely in line with what you thought coming into the year. But I was just curious, have you seen any noticeable trends into the quarter and going into April? Have your channel partners change any behavior in terms of how they're managing the inventory? I'm just curious if there's any inter-quarter improvements or it's been kind of bouncing along the bottom at this point? 
Keith Allman: It's really as we expected. Don't comment so much on inter-quarter as there's obviously a lot of variability with regards to current year in quarter or prior year end quarter, system fill for new product launches and all those sorts of things. But I would say it's as expected and really no comment beyond that in terms of what's happening inside the quarter. 
Philip Ng: Okay. That's helpful. And then as you kind of alluded earlier, one of the larger paint assets are put on strategic review. It's something by definition, you have to take a harder look at, your partner on the retail side, obviously, on paint has made a huge investment in reaching the complex Pro. So is this something you're putting a hard consideration and particularly on the store side, which is a little different from what you guys have done operationally on the business side. Would you look at it holistically or in parts, just any more color in terms of how you're thinking about it? 
Keith Allman: Sure. Yes, that was certainly a significant acquisition for Home Depot. And I think that really illustrates their focus, which we've been keenly working with them on the paint side with regards to the Pro, but they continue to be focused on the Pro, and that's consistent with our strategy, and we continue to work very closely with them particularly in our paint business to go after that Pro. And when you look at our stacked comp over the last several years of some 60% in Pro paint, that's indicative of not only the capability of our Behr brand and our service proposition, et cetera, but absolutely of our relationships and their focus on that Pro. So that's key.  
 With regards to the paint asset that we're looking at, that could take any form. It's too early for us to get into, now the process has just started, but we're going to look at all aspects of it and we will be consistent with our capital allocation and our M&A strategy. And that may or may not involve various parts of the assets that are under review, and we're taking a look at it. It's too early to get into any of the specifics around the individual components of a potential deal that may or may not happen. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois from Loop Capital. 
Garik Shmois: Just wondering how you're thinking about International Plumbing as the year progresses, maybe you have some easier comparisons throughout the year. Just wondering if you're expecting that part of the business to show growth over the next several quarters. 
Keith Allman: In terms of the overall International market, as I said, Garik, it's lagging a little bit in terms of finding the trough, if you will, versus North America. So we're expecting the International market to be down low to mid-single digits. Hansgrohe and that team there has done a phenomenal job and there's no question, while it's certainly difficult to pin down in a particular quarter, the size of the market when you're in well over 100 countries. But clearly, we're outperforming our major competition in Europe and continuing to gain share. 
 So we expect that to continue to happen. The business is performing very well. There is a little bit more signs of stability in Germany and Central Europe than we're seeing in China. So we think China is lagging a little bit. But we expect to continue to gain market share against the backdrop of International markets that will be down low to mid-single digits. 
Garik Shmois: And then just with respect to commodity volatility. Just wondering how you're thinking about pricing over the remainder of the year? You're thinking about or have announced additional price increases to offset. 
Keith Allman: Yes, we've had some price that we took last year and then I would say kind of targeted pricing this year in Plumbing, I'm talking specifically. It's been a mixed bag as it relates to commodities in Plumbing. Container costs have decreased slightly, but are certainly elevated ongoing risk, as I talked about, in the East Coast port negotiations, the Red Sea, a number of other areas as it relates to freight. At quarter end, I think copper was up about 3% from where it ended last year and is currently above $4 again. Zinc prices are starting to come up. So there's volatility there. 
 I would remind you that in Plumbing due to the nature of products coming across the ocean and that the time it takes there and then going through our inventory, it takes about 6 months for an impact to be seen in our P&L. So for Plumbing, we expect, let's call it roughly flat comp commodities in 2024, all in. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from Truist. 
Keith Hughes: Similar question as the last one, but on -- in the paint business. What's the outlook for inputs in the next couple of quarters there? 
Richard Westenberg: Yes. Keith, it's Rick. So with regards to our -- on the paint side of the equation from a commodity standpoint, we saw some favorability in Q1 year-over-year is pretty modest, but really sequentially flat. And really for the year, for the calendar year, we don't see a significant impact as of today with regards to commodities on a year-over-year basis in the coatings business. As I think it was mentioned, we've seen some increase in oil prices, which obviously impacts resins. There's some pressure in the TiO2. So good start to the year, but really stability and some potential upward pressures, but we're monitoring it very closely. 
Keith Hughes: Any upward pressures or may be later out in the year? It sounds like that's a little more of a speculative view. 
Richard Westenberg: Yes, there's a delay, obviously, as Keith's alluded to, because it's not an immediate impact. And -- and so we're -- again, we're monitoring it, but it's not something that we currently in terms of our expectations for the year, we're not baking in any significant benefit or headwind with regards to commodities for the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Reid from Wells Fargo. 
Richard Reid: Actually I wanted to drill down a little bit more to start with on Plumbing, specifically Plumbing pricing. Can you talk maybe pricing strategy by channel and any differentials that you might be seeing, whether it's in showrooms versus home centers versus distribution and wholesale? I just kind of want to understand any pricing dynamics in those channels that we should be aware of? 
Keith Allman: The way we view pricing is really a function of the strength of our brands and where commodities go as it relates to our ability to drive cost improvement. And there's really no difference in pricing as we think about that strategy as it relates to various channels, and we're going to stay consistent with that. Beyond that, I'm not going to get into specific customer discussions or the like as it relates to pricing. But fundamentally, we look at the -- our capabilities to drive productivities, the strength of our brands and our innovation. And over time, we've demonstrated the ability to get effective pricing over cycles. 
 And when you look at where we are today in the Plumbing business and the ability to continue to drive margin improvements in the face of some challenging volume, I think that really speaks well to our continuous improvement culture and the tools that we have to continue to drive productivity. So there's a lot that goes into pricing, including the desire to gain share, of course, and that's been consistent really how we've approached it over a number of years. 
Richard Reid: Awesome. And then switching gears to Plumbing. Last year, you guys were gaining some shelf space on the paint side in a few different kind of subcategories. Just curious kind of how those conversations with Home Depot are coming this year and whether there's any opportunity to kind of continue to gain share in paint as a part of your initiative? 
Keith Allman: Yes, Sam, we think there is opportunity to continue to gain share. Our relationship with the Home Depot is outstanding. We're focused on DIY paint. We're focused on Pro. And obviously, our Plumbing businesses. Depot is a big customer for us in plumbing, and we're looking at ways to continue to drive solutions for the consumer that result in share gain, both in terms of shelf and in overall volume. So that's something we always work on and we'll continue to do. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim. 
Keith Allman: Stephen, you might be on mute. 
Stephen Kim: It seems like North America Plumbing margins might have been up like 350 basis points or so. It seems like International margins were down due to the volume. I didn't hear you talk about any specific cost saving programs, kind of general efforts and input costs and things of that nature. But could you talk about any specific cost savings programs that you've got going on in North America Plumbing? And give us a sense for how far along they are? How much more maybe we could expect and things of that nature? 
Keith Allman: Yes. Good question, Stephen. The specific initiative -- they cover -- I'm hesitating just because the team is doing such a good job across multiple fronts, and it's not just in North America. It's also International with Hansgrohe and across our Plumbing platform. But there's a bucket of initiatives in our pipeline around purchasing and how we buy and who we buy from and how we can coordinate and consolidate our buy, and that's certainly been beneficial. 
 Value engineering, where we're looking at our designs and our engineering teams in terms of how we can commonize component sets where the consumer -- where it doesn't affect the consumer interface and how we can consolidate volumes and have a better -- a bigger purchasing capability and hence, get lower price. 
 Our operating system begins and ends with a mindset of continuous improvement. So driving variable cost productivity and gross margin as it relates to how efficiently we leverage our fixed assets, i.e., taking shifts off or adding shifts and being as efficient as we can in that regard. And then, of course, direct labor efficiencies and how we drive scrap rates and how we drive direct labor and indirect labor productivity. 
 So purchasing overhead absorption and doing better issue with that, value engineering initiatives that we've kicked off and then managing our new assets that we're bringing online with regards to our Serbian plant and our new paint plant to be as efficient as we can as we bring those up. 
 So it's all part of the Masco operating system that we're more than a decade into. And I think earlier, Susan used the word momentum. That's really what it's about. It's about momentum and our leadership teams really getting in the groove of managing pipelines of continuous improvement in cost out projects across the full continuum of our cost drivers. 
 In terms of what we can expect going forward, you can expect margin enhancements in Plumbing. We're talking about and guiding to 18.5% margins in a flat to down kind of a year, and that shows good productivity initiatives. So I think that's -- our expectations are baked into our guide, and we're confident in hitting it. 
Stephen Kim: One thing I forgot to ask with respect to this, as you reframe in your remarks is to what degree is this really just managing the human capital that you have better or well versus any technological improvements that you're seeing introduced into your systems or your processes? 
Keith Allman: It's a mix. Certainly, having efficient direct and indirect labor and that human capital side is part of it. Certainly, providing leadership and expectations and coordination with the technical or the human capital on the engineering side is a big component of it. And technology is a piece. And we're a leader, particularly in Plumbing, in the online and the e-commerce space. 
 And we've seen a significant change in how products are flowing through that channel. And we need to look at how we handle distribution and logistics and the technology that's behind that. Certainly, driving technology changes into the component sets and our component set strategy with regards to how we can have commonized components, as I mentioned, where the customer doesn't see it and then we can have unit volume that can lead to price down. 
 So it's a combination of human management of technology and of how we reward and incentivize people on how we lead. And that's, again, to go back to our operating system and the momentum that's been created from a decade of applying that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research. 
Eric Bosshard: Two things, if I could. Keith, I appreciate the strategic thinking on pricing and getting value for your brands. I'm curious what you're observing with the consumer regarding price elasticity in an environment where the consumer seems like it's a bit more disciplined? 
Keith Allman: It's really hard to get a handle on that, frankly. When you look at a year or 2 years ago when we have such significant inflation, the elasticity data really didn't apply, and it wasn't nearly as consistent. And it varies by technology, it varies by price point, it certainly varies by in some cases, countries. 
 So for example, a little bit more price elasticity that we're seeing in China, a little bit more sensitivity, that's a little bit more volatile in other areas with new products and new designs that we launched that are particularly attractive to the consumer. 
 We have a little bit more price elasticity at some price points. In the lower price point part of our Plumbing assortment for example, we are seeing a little bit more elasticity, a little more challenging, not atypical in environments like this. But we've worked hard to reduce the gap of our margins between the higher end of the assortment and the lower end of the assortment. 
 We have geographic diversity in terms of where we sell. So all in, when you look at how the consumer is performing or behaving rather relative to price elasticity and you look at our mix, as Rick mentioned earlier, mix really hasn't been so much of a material impact on us, nor do we expect it to be as we look forward. And that's, I think, indicative of our portfolio and our ability to manage those pricing dynamics. 
 But specifically to your question on elasticity, it's been tough to really understand that, particularly given some of the dramatic and rapid inflationary behaviors that we saw over the last couple of years. 
Eric Bosshard: And then secondly, you called out Delta growing, I think, 2% or 3% in what looks like a down market. Is that sustainable for that business to continue to grow in the market that is down? And is there anything that was 1Q specific that contributed to the growth of that business? 
Richard Westenberg: Yes. I don't know if we cited a specific number. We did say that there was growth in revenue in Delta, really aided by our sales performance in the wholesale channel. What I would say is from an overall standpoint, it's -- our guidance for the year from a Plumbing perspective is up or down low single digits. 
 North America, perhaps performing a bit stronger than International given the lag and recovery in the International markets. So we haven't called specific outlook with regards to North America Plumbing but we're seeing some stabilization as evidenced in Q4 of last year and Q1 of this year and we remain cautiously optimistic. 
 But as we've talked about before, it's -- we're early in the year. We're monitoring the situation. And what I would say is our North America or Delta Plumbing business is kind of in line with our guidance for the year at this point. 
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Rafe Jadrosich from Bank of America. 
Rafe Jadrosich: The first I wanted to ask just -- you've had really strong margin performance with volumes declining over the last year or so. If you start to see volumes turn positive, how should we think about your incremental margins versus historical levels? 
Keith Allman: I think pretty consistent, Rafe. I think in that 30% to 35% for plumbing, a little bit lower than that for decorative, that's been consistent with how we've performed, and I wouldn't anticipate any change in that. So -- and then, of course, on the downside, we managed the decrementals, and we've had some really strong performance in terms of having those decrementals be less than those incrementals, which is indicative of how the teams are managing the volatility, but no real change from what we've seen historically as it relates to the drop down on incremental volume. 
Rafe Jadrosich: And then on the dec arc side, I think volume now, and correct me if I'm wrong, I think volume is now below the 2019 levels and volume remains -- still remains a little soft here. Like how are you working with Home Depot or your channel partners to drive better demand? And what should we be looking for from a macro perspective that could possibly start to drive volumes positive there? 
Keith Allman: How we work with our channel partners to drive demand is across the whole continuum of having the right price of continuing to drive down our costs through productivity initiatives, to keep a solid pipeline of innovation, I went through some of that earlier in my prepared remarks of what we're doing to make sure that we have that desired place on the shelf and that top of mind performance in the consumer. 
 So we work very closely in paint specifically and programs and how we drive DIY. And of course, in Pro, where we've had a significant and continue to have very strong performance as it relates to share gain and profitability in our Pro business. So it's really continuing to drive and work together beginning first with the consumer and then being partners with our channels. 
Robin Zondervan: We'd like to thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning and for your interest in Masco. That concludes today's call. Have a wonderful day. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporations fourth quarter and full year conference call. My name is Slessor, and I will be your Operator for todays conference call. As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question and answer session. If at any time during this call you require immediate assistance, please press star, zero for the Operator. I will now turn the call over to Renee Benedict, Director, Investor Relations and FP&A. You may begin.
Renee Benedict: Thank you Operator, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2023 fourth quarter and full year conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco, and Rick Westenberg, Mascos Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we cant take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Weve described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Our statements also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations.  With that, Ill now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you Renee. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today.  Before I get started, Id like to share with you that we have appointed Robin Zondervan as our incoming Vice President of Investor Relations. Robin is currently our Controller and Chief Accounting Officer and will be transitioning to lead Investor Relations at the end of this month. I have full confidence that with Robins leadership, we will continue to have a world-class investor relations function at Masco and provide the investment community with the information and transparency you have come to expect from us. Now onto our results. Ill start this morning with some brief comments on our fourth quarter and full year results, and Ill finish with our view on 2024 as well as our long term margin expectations. Please turn to Slide 5. We delivered a strong finish to another dynamic and successful year. In the fourth quarter, our top line decreased 2% with volumes down across most categories, partially offset by favorable pricing, currency, and our acquisition of Sauna360. The smaller decline in volume relative to the first three quarters of the year supports our view that many of our markets appear to be stabilizing.  Operating profit increased $38 million in the quarter due to a favorable price-commodity relationship as we continued to recover the significant inflation that we have experienced over the past two years and due to our continued efforts to drive efficiencies across our operations. Operating profit margin improved 230 basis points to 14.5%. With our strong execution, our earnings per share for the quarter increased 28% to $0.83 per share.  Turning to our segments, plumbing sales were in line with the prior year in local currency with lower volumes being offset by favorable pricing and our acquisition. Plumbing performance in the quarter was led by Delta Faucets mid-single digit sales growth driven by strong performance in the wholesale channel. International plumbing performed better than expected in the fourth quarter as demand in Europe and China, while still challenged, appears to be stabilizing. Investments in our leading global plumbing brands, innovative products and customer service are producing results, and we will continue to capitalize on these initiatives.  Turning to our decorative architectural segment, sales declined 7% primarily due to a soft DIY paint market, with DIY paint sales declining high single digits. While our propane business declined slightly in the quarter, we are very pleased with our three-year pro paint stacked comp of approximately 60%. This significant growth and share gain demonstrates the strength of our Behr brand and the quality of our products that continue to resonate with pro painters. We will continue to invest in this business to expand our services and build upon our successful collaboration with Home Depot to capitalize on the large opportunity in the pro paint market. Now lets review our full year performance. Please turn to Slide 6. Masco executed extremely well in 2023 and improved nearly every operating metric for the full year. Gross margin improved 360 basis points to 35.2%. Operating margin expanded 120 basis points to 16.8%. Plumbing margin expanded 210 basis points to 18%. Decorative margin expanded 10 basis points to 17.8%. Earnings per share grew 2% to $3.86 per share, up from $3.77 per share in 2022. We delivered a return on invested capital of 36% and our free cash flow conversion was approximately 122%, which allowed us to return $610 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases in 2023, and to complete the bolt-on acquisition of Sauna360 for approximately $136 million. Importantly, we have achieved compound annual earnings per share growth of 14% from 2019 to 2023, delivering on our commitment of double-digit EPS growth through cycles and demonstrating the power of our brands, innovation, and portfolio of lower ticket repair and remodel-oriented products. I want to thank all our employees for their strong execution, focus on the customer, and their continuous improvement mindset that delivered this tremendous performance.  Turning to Slide 7, as we look to the future, we are well positioned to achieve strong profitable growth over the next few years through top line growth, market share gains, margin expansion, and disciplined capital deployment. Our current market assumptions for 2024 are as follows.  For the North American repair and remodel market, we expect the market to be flat to down low single digits. For our international markets, we expect the markets in aggregate to be down low to mid single digits. For the paint market, we expect the DIY paint market to be down low single digits and the pro paint market to increase low single digits. We expect to outperform the market and for Mascos overall sales to be approximately flat in 2024. Despite this flat top line assumption, we will continue to improve margins through disciplined pricing, selective cost reductions, innovative product introductions, and operational efficiencies across our business.  This margin expansion will not be without its challenges as freight and shipping costs have recently increased, other commodity inputs remain elevated, and other costs such as people-related expenses and insurance are increasing. We are up for the challenge and have demonstrated our ability to execute in dynamic times. We expect to deliver increased plumbing margins of approximately 18.5% and decorative margins of approximately 18% in 2024, resulting in a Masco operating margin of approximately 17%. Turning to capital allocation, our strategy remains unchanged. Firstly, we will reinvest in our business to maintain and grow our leadership positions and win in the marketplace. This includes continuing to invest in our growth initiatives such as growing our share in the domestic plumbing wholesale channel, continuing to expand our international plumbing share, and continuing to gain share in pro paint. It also includes investing in our facilities to ensure we have the capacity to support future growth by completing our European faucet and shower facility and our midwestern paint manufacturing and distribution center.  Secondly, our capital allocation strategy is to maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet with gross debt to EBITDA levels of below 2.5 times. Our balance sheet remains extremely strong with gross debt to EBITDA of 2 times at year-end.  Thirdly, we have a targeted dividend payout ratio of 30%. Im pleased to share that our Board declared a 2% increase in our dividend for 2024, which will bring our annual dividend to $1.16 per share and marks the 11th consecutive annual increase.  Fourth and finally, we expect strong free cash flow conversion in 2024 of approximately 90% and will deploy that free cash flow after dividends through share repurchases or acquisitions. Based on our projected free cash flow, we expect to deploy approximately $600 million through share repurchases or acquisitions in 2024. Our M&A strategy has not changed. We continue to review and selectively pursue opportunities that have the right strategic fit and the right return for Masco with the goal of adding 1% to 3% top line growth through acquisitions annually.  Based on our expected operating performance and capital deployment actions, we anticipate earnings per share for 2024 to be in the range of $4 to $4.25 per share.  Now looking out over the next three years, we will continue our strong execution and deliver margin expansion through 2026. For our plumbing segment, with our industry-leading brands including Delta and Hansgrohe, we expect to expand margins to 20% in 2026, up from 18% in 2023. For our decorative segment, led by our industry-leading Behr brand, we expect to achieve margins of 19% to 20% in 2026, up from 17.8% in 2023. This would result in overall Masco operating profit margins of approximately 18.5% in 2026. We believe we can achieve these margins with normalized 3% to 5% repair and remodel industry growth in 25 and 26 through leveraging incremental volume, exercising pricing discipline, and executing operational improvements.  While 2023 clearly saw a reduction in demand, we believe that our markets will stabilize in 2024 and return to typical growth rates in 2025 and 2026. Structural factors are supportive of increased repair and remodel activity in several ways. Many homeowners have taken advantage of low mortgage rates and are likely to remain in their homes longer. 1.7 million more homes will reach the prime remodeling ages of 20 to 39 years old over the next three years, and home equity levels remain high. All of these structural forces provide tailwinds for our business and increase our confidence for a strong repair and remodel market. We will continue to invest in our brands, capabilities and people to outperform the competition in both the near and long term. With favorable fundamentals and our continued focus on executing our growth strategy, together with our strong free cash flow and capital deployment, Masco is well positioned to continue to drive shareholder value over the long term.  Now Ill turn the call over to Rick to go over our fourth quarter, full year and 2024 outlook in more detail. Rick?
Richard Westenberg: Thank you Keith, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining. As many of you know, I joined Masco as the CFO in mid-October. Im excited to be part of this strong performing company and team and Im happy to be sharing our results with you this morning. As Renee mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance excluding the impact of rationalization charges and other one-time items.  Turning to Slide 9, sales in the quarter decreased 2%, or 3% excluding favorable currency impacts. In local currency, North American sales decreased 3%, or 4% excluding acquisition. In local currency, international sales decreased 3%. We continued to drive operational efficiency and price-cost performance in the quarter, which helped lead to gross margin expansion of 560 basis points to 35.1%.  SG&A as a percent of sales was 20.6% and was impacted by higher employee-related costs such as incentive compensation.  Our operating profit grew 16% in the quarter and margin expanded 230 basis points to 14.5%. This strong operating profit and margin performance was due to pricing actions, lower commodity and freight costs, and cost savings initiatives partially offset by lower volume and higher employee-related expenses. This resulted in EPS growth of 28% to $0.83 per share. Turning to the full year 2023, sales decreased 8% over the prior year, slightly better than our expectations given sales performance in our plumbing segment. FX and acquisitions did not have a material impact on full-year results. In local currency, North American sales decreased 9% and international sales decreased 6%. SG&A as a percent of sales was 18.4%, in line with more normalized levels. Operating profit for the full year was $1.3 billion and operating margin expanded 120 basis points to 16.8%. Lastly, our EPS increased 2% year-over-year to $3.86. This figure assumes a tax rate of 24.5% versus the previously guided 24%, which unfavorably impacted full year EPS by $0.03.  Turning to Slide 10, plumbing sales in the fourth quarter increased 1% and showed signs of stabilization. Lower volume and mix decreased sales by 4%. This was more than offset by favorable pricing of 2%, the impact of acquisitions of 2%, and FX of 1%. In local currency, North American plumbing sales increased 1%, however decreased 1% excluding acquisition. In local currency, international plumbing sales decreased 3% as demand continued to be soft in Europe and in China. Segment operating profit in the fourth quarter was up $50 million or 34% year-over-year, and operating margin expanded 400 basis points to 16.4%. This operating profit improvement was driven by pricing actions, lower commodity and freight costs, and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by lower volume and higher employee-related expenses.  Turning to the full year 2023, plumbing sales decreased 8%, slightly better than our expectations. Lower volume and mix decreased sales by 12%, partially offset by net pricing which favorably impacted sales by 4%. Acquisitions had a favorable impact of 1% and FX was immaterial for the full year. In local currency, North American plumbing sales decreased 8% net of the 1% impact from acquisitions, and international plumbing sales decreased 6%. Full year operating profit increased 4% and margin expanded 210 basis points to 18%.  Turning to Slide 11, decorative architectural sales decreased 7% for the fourth quarter. Paint sales declined mid-single digits with pro paint sales down slightly against a mid-single digit comp in the fourth quarter of 2022. Operating profit was $100 million, in line with 2022 performance, and operating margin expanded 90 basis points to 14.8%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes and pricing offset by cost savings initiatives and lower material costs. As expected, we did experience relief in certain paint input costs with modest low single digit deflation in the fourth quarter. Turning to the full year 2023, sales decreased 9% driven by high single-digit declines in our DIY paint business and a mid-single digit decline in our pro paint business. This performance was in line with the expectations we set at the beginning of 2023 as we cycled over 25% pro paint growth in 2022. Additionally, over a three-year period, pro paint sales have grown by over 60%, demonstrating our ability to gain and retain share. Full year operating income was $557 million in the segment, and operating margin expanded 10 basis points to 17.8%. Turning to Slide 12, our year-end balance sheet was strong with gross debt to EBITDA at two times. We ended the quarter with $1.6 billion of liquidity, including cash and availability under our revolving credit facility. Working capital improved by six days to 59 days, or 16% of sales. With this improvement in working capital, our adjusted free cash flow for the year was $1.1 billion, an improvement of over $500 million compared to the prior year, driving our free cash flow conversion to 122%. Given our strong cash performance, we were able to return $610 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, including the repurchase of $227 million of stock in the fourth quarter.  Now lets turn to Slide 13 and review our outlook for 2024. For Masco overall, we expect 2024 sales to be flat but with operating margin growing to approximately 17%. Currency is projected to have minimal impact in our 2024 results. We will continue to invest in our business for future growth while also maintaining cost discipline. As a result, we expect SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the range of 18% to 18.5% in 2024. As always, we will take appropriate actions to address our costs as the year develops, based on market conditions. As we think about the cadence for the year, we expect sales to be down slightly in the first half of the year with modest growth in the back half of the year. Also as it relates to operating margin, with the softer sales outlook in the first half of the year, we anticipate Masco margins will be roughly flat in the first half of the year with expansion expected in the second half.  In our plumbing segment, we expect 2024 full year sales to be plus or minus low single digits. We anticipate the full year plumbing margin will be approximately 18.5%, up from our 2023 margin of 18%. Margin expansion will primarily be driven by pricing discipline, operational efficiency, and continued cost savings initiatives. In our decorative architectural segment, we expect 2024 sales to also be plus or minus low single digits.  Looking specifically at our paint business in 2024, we anticipate our DIY business to decrease low single digits and our pro paint business to increase low single digits. We anticipate the full year decorative architectural margin to be approximately 18%, up from our 2023 margin of 17.8% driven by cost savings initiatives.  With regards to capital allocation, we expect to reinvest approximately $200 million through capital expenditures, pay a dividend of $0.29 per share per quarter, and deploy approximately $600 million towards share repurchases or acquisitions in 2024.  Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, our 2024 EPS estimate is $4 to $4.25. This assumes a $221 million average diluted share count for the year and a 24.5% effective tax rate, which is consistent with our 2023 effective tax rate. Additional financial assumptions for 2024 can be found on Slide 16 of our earnings deck. With that, Id like to open the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now conduct the question and answer session. [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from John Lovallo. Your line is now open.
John Lovallo: Good morning guys. Thank you for taking my questions. The first one is your R&R is expected to be flat to slightly down in 2024. It seems like you expect flattish sales for both plumbing and decorative architectural, so seemingly basically in line, maybe slightly above the overall market. How are you thinking about Mascos ability to outgrow its markets longer term?
Keith Allman: John, thanks for the question. I havent changed my opinion on our ability to gain share, which is that we expect as a company to both outperform the market and to expand margins, and we expect to continue to do that, so we will outperform the market and thats driven primarily by our brands, which have developed over the years, as you know, to be leaders in their spaces, so there is both consumer pull as well as trade pull, where were well recognized by plumbers and pro painters as a quality brand, our service proposition as it relates to our channel partners, to be able to help them drive profitable growth with minimal inventory positions due to our repeatable delivery and service, and our people and our teams around the globe.  Our expectation is to outperform the market. Now, in some spaces that we compete with, there will be greater share gains; in other spaces, where we already have substantial leading market share, those share gains will be more modest, but we definitely expect to outperform the market going forward.
John Lovallo: Okay, thats helpful. Then maybe just help us with the cadence of the planned margin expansion across plumbing and decorative architectural to your 2026 targets - I mean, is the improvement expected to be fairly linear in 2025 and 2026, or how should we think about that?
Keith Allman: Well, I think if you--you know, 24, we believe is going to be flattish on the top line and probably more modest as it relates to margin improvements, and when you think about--when we think about our innovation pipeline and our projects that will drive efficiency and cost reductions, which will lead to that margin improvement, those happen more towards the out years and will take some time to settle in and to be realized into the P&L, so I would say theres a bit of that margin acceleration in 25 and 26, primarily. When you think about it, John, the biggest driver will be the drop down in incremental revenue, and we have very strong, lets call it 25, plumbing its knocking on 30% drop down on the incremental volume, and our plan, as we said, is to--our belief is that well be relatively flat in 24 and then in 25 and 26, when we think about the health of the consumer, when we see whats happening and believe what will continue to happen with regards to stabilization as it relates to rates, etc., were expecting more of a typical growth rate in 25 to 26, call it in that 3% to 5% growth in R&R.  Now, there is--we look at the same analytics and we listen to a lot of the same people as it relates to analytics around expectations, and a lot are calling for significantly more than that. Were not - were just basing our 25 and 26 on more of a historical 3% to 5% R&R growth rate, so that will be a significant contributor to margin expansion as well.
John Lovallo: Thanks Keith.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Bouley from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Matthew Bouley: Morning everyone. Thank you for taking the questions. On that margin cadence into 24, looking at the past three quarters, your year-over-year margins have expanded, actually kind of improved the past three quarters, and it sounded like youre saying that that kind of margin expansion will flatten in the first half and then go back to expanding in the second half. Im just curious if you can kind of touch on that a little bit, sort of why wouldnt the recent improvements in margins continue to flow through on a year-over-year basis into the first half of 24. Thank you.
Keith Allman: Hey Matt, good morning. I think when you think about the improvement rate that weve seen this year, weve had some pricing catch-up that we had to do against some, as you know, fairly significant cost inflation, so that was a component of it. When we think about 24, we have operational improvements that were going to continue to drive. When we think about the benefit of pricing, well see, I would say a little bit of a headwind in our paint business. Weve talked consistently about our relationship with our channel partner as it relates to price, where we keep our operating income dollars whole and match commodities with price, but that affects margin, and it affects it both ways where you go up or go down, so there will be a slight headwind in pricing in our decorative business and probably a slight tailwind in our plumbing business. To your direct question in terms of the rate of margin improvement, I think it really--that really points to--it really answers your question as it relates to pricing. Where we will see margin improvement, despite calling for a flat top line in 24, is in the efficiency improvements that were going to continue to drive with our projects that we have in flight.
Richard Westenberg: Yes Matt, the only thing I would add is from a timing perspective, our margin performance is going to be aligned--in terms of the expansion, aligned with our sales growth, and as we indicated, we expect a bit of softness in the first half of 2024. As growth starts to pick up, we believe in the second half of the year, well get that drop down that Keith referred to, and then as we roll into 25 and 26, as growth returns to more normalized levels, that drop down impact in terms of margin expansion, well see that manifest itself more prominently.
Matthew Bouley: Got it, really helpful. Thanks for that. Then second one, just actually coming off that last point there, Rick, the cadence to the top line in 24, obviously theres been a lot of volatility in R&R end markets probably more recently year to date, maybe some noise around weather and all that. Can you just put a finer point around that early 2024 expectation - you know, how is demand tracking year to date, any kind of color on some of the volatility or improvement as you get into Q2 and beyond? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Matt, in terms of the year-to-date demand or the current demand, Id characterize it a stabilizing. I would say in terms of what was favorable to our expectation in 23 was a combination of both our execution, the timing and impact of our cost reduction projects or solid pricing, etc., and then also a little bit better demand than we anticipated. Theres certainly some volatility out there, but were seeing signs of stabilization. We had a nice quarter in wholesale plumbing as it relates to top line demand. While still challenged, certainly, in Europe, we have seen some stabilization and starting to see some positive signs coming out of China as well, so thats how Id characterize the demand in general.
Richard Westenberg: Yes, and what I would say is its in line with what our guidance is indicating, so theres nothing inconsistent with that, which is we do expect some stabilization, as Keith mentioned, but a bit softer, so down slightly in the first half of the year - thats kind of what were seeing in the market today, but we are seeing some stabilization globally.
Matthew Bouley: All right. Thanks Rick, thanks Keith. Good luck guys. 
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Stephen Kim: Yes, thanks very much, guys. Appreciate all the info here.  Could you talk a little bit more about the trends youre seeing in hardware and lighting within the dec-arc business, and how that figures into your fiscal 24 guide and maybe also your long term margin targets for dec-arc?
Keith Allman: These businesses were impacted by market softness in 2023 - no question about it. Weve talked consistently about it. Both businesses, and Im talking about our lighting and hardware businesses, Kichler and Liberty, took pricing and cost actions to offset the inflation they experienced, partially offset the volume loss in 23.  In 24, Id expect these businesses to perform more in line with how were seeing the overall R&R market, which is flat to down low single digits.  Did you have a second question there, Stephen?
Stephen Kim: Yes - well, within the hardware and lighting, that was pretty much what I was looking for. Then as I think more broadly about your guide for next year, I think Matt touched on it, but I just wanted to take a finer point. Are you saying--could we see sales and margins on a year-over-year basis be down in 1Q, or is that not what youre envisioning?
Keith Allman: They could be. Im thinking more kind of flat to maybe slightly down in 1Q, first half, and then better performance both in sales and margins in the second half.
Stephen Kim: Okay, thats very helpful. Appreciate it, thanks very much.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rehaut from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks, good morning. Its Mike Rehaut. I wanted to first ask about the 26 targets - appreciate kind of laying some of those out. You know, thinking about the margins, I think Keith, you laid out a framework of in 25 and 26, getting to those targets, kind of thinking about a sales growth backdrop of 3% to 5%, so just wanted to make sure that Im understanding that the margin expansion off of 24, how much of that would be driven by volume leverage or incremental margins off of the volume leverage, as opposed to perhaps other initiatives around either productivity or discrete cost efficiency measures around manufacturing or SG&A, etc.?
Keith Allman: Our margin improvement expectations, and frankly the history of it, has been driven by a basket of initiatives that we drive. Certainly there is the incremental margin improvement that comes from incremental volume, so that drops down at, call it 25% to 30%, and thats certainly above our fleet average of the company, so thats the significant driver in our margin expansion. But its also part of the benefits of our continued investments in innovation, so we have an innovation pipeline and an expectation over those years to be launching margin accretive products and products that both contribute to our market outperformance on the top line, as well as margin improvements. Were very excited about the momentum we have in terms of the Masco operating system and what thats been able to produce in terms of leverage in our factories, in term of variable overhead. In addition to the new product launches and our brand building, in addition to the benefit to the top line, that gives us also pricing power, and were confident in that and being able to have that be a contributor to margin expansion as well. The big driver would be the drop down in the incremental volumes, but we also have a pipeline and defined initiatives around labor productivity, variable cost productivity, etc. to drive the margin expansion.
Richard Westenberg: Yes, and Mike, the only thing I would add to that is, as Keith mentioned, a big driver is the drop down on the volume, but as were growing, as were introducing new products and getting the price for that from innovation, we continue to stay disciplined on price and disciplined on cost, so as we grow, we do see that 25% to 30% drop down. Although pricing and cost initiatives may not be as significant of a contributor, they will contribute both directly as well as indirectly in terms of continuing to leverage that incremental drop down.
Michael Rehaut: Okay, thats helpful color, I appreciate it. I guess maybe secondly, kind of staying on this topic for a moment, you look at the decorative margins on average between 2015 and 2021, the segment averaged 19.5%, 19.4%, so it kind of seems like youre getting back to that midpoint, whereas maybe plumbing, youre getting a little bit above that, which kind of more speaks, I think, to the volume leverage. Just wanted to make sure Im thinking about this right in that--you know, is the right way to think about this is that the operating leverage, the incremental margins much more so comes through on the plumbing side over the next couple years, whereas decorative, it kind of seems like youre getting back to that historical gross margin, and maybe theres some perhaps even deflation that is a margin benefit over the next couple of years as more recently, when you had an inflationary environment that was margin dilutive.  Just trying to think about returning to that historical average and whats assumed in decorative, because if Im thinking about this right, it does seem like the incremental margins on sales leverage more so apply to plumbing than decorative, and would love any thoughts on that if Im not thinking about it the way you are.
Keith Allman: No, I think simply said, youve got it. I think thats right - we have a higher drop down on incremental margins in plumbing, a little bit lower, call it in the 25% range in deco. In deco specifically thinking about paint, we have a different pricing dynamic, which weve talked about - I wont get into the details on that, but no, I think youve got it right, Mike.
Michael Rehaut: All right, perfect. Thanks so much, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Your line is now open.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Can you discuss price-cost spread in plumbing and DA in 4Q, and maybe any updated expectations around brass carryover? Then just thinking about COGS, maybe more holistically, what level of cost inflation does the full-year guidance contemplate?
Richard Westenberg: Yes Tony, thanks for the question. From a Q4 perspective, we saw--we did see some favorable pricing, kind of low single digits in the plumbing both for the quarter and for the calendar year. For DAP, it was a lot more muted, and as we look into 2024, were expecting in the plumbing segment kind of low single digit pricing as a tailwind, but for the decorative architectural products, were expecting a bit of a headwind from a pricing perspective, kind of modest price give-back.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, thats very helpful. Then this is maybe just a minor point, but in terms of the DA margin target in 26 being a range versus plumbing and company targets single points, is that the pricing mechanism you discussed, or just any background there?
Richard Westenberg: No, I think just--you know, well give point estimates and range estimates in terms of our guidance in this, we felt a little more appropriate just given some of the uncertainty. As I think Mike articulated, weve got a little bit more of a drop down dynamic in terms of the volume dropping down to margins on plumbing, and so we felt pretty confident with regards to our 20% margin target in 2026. On decorative, we just have a range of 19% to 20%, and as Mike pointed out, its more consistent with where we ranged historically. 
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, thats helpful. Ill turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Keith Allman: Morning.
Susan Maklari: My first question is thinking about the macro and what that could imply for the business this year. Theres increasingly an expectation that rates will move down as we get later into the spring and the summer, and as we think about that perhaps driving that existing home sales coming back, how should we think about the timing of those events relative to how you could start to see that coming through in the business, and what are the segments that could be most benefited by that?
Keith Allman: Susan, good morning. When you think about the correlation to our top line drivers, existing home sales is certainly an important factor, but not nearly as important as really how the consumer feels and how the consumer confidence is developing, that confidence driven by the amount of equity in their home, for example. If you think about, lets say, the existing home turnover, pick a number - say its, lets call it 5 million, so if we have 5 million units turn over, thats on a 130 million unit base, so roughly--what is that, 3%? We know, or we estimate that a newly purchased home in that year will spend approximately 30% more on home improvement, so if you take 3%-ish spending 30% more, you start to see how that minimizes the impact of that.  Said differently, for every million dollars of existing home turnover increase, it only drives a couple tenths of a percent of overall top line volume in the market, so a 25% increase in existing home turnover drives two-tenths of a percent in the overall market roughly. Its important to us, particularly when you look at something like DIY paint, that tends to be a little bit more sensitive to existing home sales, but more important I think is the correlation to R&R spend as it relates to home price appreciation and consumer confidence, so as rates decrease and the consumer becomes more confident, thats really a driver of what we think will really be pushing the R&R market.
Susan Maklari: Okay, thats helpful. Then shifting to the working capital, youve made a lot of really impressive progress there over the last year. As you think about 24 and just the go forward, whats the ability to continue to drive benefits from that, and anything youd highlight there?
Richard Westenberg: Yes Sue, its Rick, good morning. Appreciate the question. As you noted, we did as a business unit, really across the business drive working capital efficiencies and improvement. We brought it back down to 16% of sales in 2023, which is more in line with historical levels, and it really was a big contributor to our cash flow in 2023 - it contributed over $200 million in terms of cash flow, in terms of our free cash flow number, which was very beneficial. I think going forward, we plan to really hold working capital in a disciplined manner, make sure weve got enough inventory to keep up our service levels, which are important from a customer perspective, but to stay disciplined on that. Our guidance for 2024 is that wed have working capital as a percent of sales of 16.5, so a modest increase, but well calibrate that based off of the timing of when the market comes back and starts to grow. But well as a business stay disciplined, now that weve got the working capital kind of back to where wed like it to be.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you and good luck with everything.
Keith Allman: Thanks Sue.
Richard Westenberg: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Baumgarten from Zelman. Your line is now open.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, good morning everyone. I believe you mentioned on the call that paint pricing was lower in 23. I guess a couple questions - one, when did that occur throughout the year, and is the outlook for 24 that you mentioned down based on just the carryover, maybe from some of the movements in 23, or do you expect incremental pricing pressure beyond what you maybe recently saw?
Richard Westenberg: Yes Adam, maybe just to clarify, for the calendar year 2023, we saw a very modest price increase. It actually corresponded with commodities, so we saw material costs down in Q4 in the paint sector, but for the full year, we saw appreciation overall, and so we saw a slight price increase in terms of the 2023 number. As we look into 2024, as I indicated or as we indicated, we do see some price down in 2024, and thats really a reflection of what we expect to see, which is kind of modest low single digit deflation in the inputs, so kind of keeping that price-cost relationship in check.
Keith Allman: To your point, Adam, there would be some carryover, obviously, with it being a little bit--the price give-back a little bit later in 23. 
Adam Baumgarten: Okay, got it. Thats helpful. Then for you, Rick, now that youve been at Masco for, I believe its almost four months now, where you do see the biggest opportunities for Masco from a cost side going forward?
Richard Westenberg: Thats a good question. Yes, as I mentioned, first of all as I mentioned in my opening comments, Im really excited to be part of the Masco team and the strong business and operations and portfolio that we have. Im really excited about the portfolio brands and products in the business. Ive had the opportunity to really get out and meet all of the business unit leaders, and Ive been out to many of the business units - I was actually in Germany at Hansgrohe last week, really impressed with the team and really impressed with the mindset in terms of the Masco operating system and the mindset of continuous improvement, operational efficiency and cost reductions. I think we need to continue to exercise ourselves in that regard.  I think with regards to opportunities, its really leveraging the mindset that we have here at Masco and across the business units, as well as leveraging our scale as we continue to grow the business and drive that productivity and that efficiency, really across all of our business but particularly on the plumbing side as we look at our global business.
Adam Baumgarten: Great, thanks. Best of luck.
Richard Westenberg: Thank you Adam.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Mike Dahl: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask again about costs - I think a question was asked earlier around price-cost spread, and I heard the comments around price. I didnt hear specifically your expectations for input costs for both segments that are embedded within the 24 guide, so could you address that please?
Richard Westenberg: Sure Mike, Im happy to do that. As it pertains to 2024, were expecting for input costs not to be a material impact, not to be significant in 2024. Obviously well see how the year plays out. In plumbing specifically, we expect to see some modest decline in input costs, but offset with some freight and some other inflation. Obviously, as I think we all know given the dynamics in the Red Sea, freight cost is a little bit volatile and theres a bit of a headwind in the first half - thats baked into our outlook as a contributor to our expectations in the first half of the year. Thats a little bit of the dynamic on plumbing.  In terms of decorative architectural products, I think we mentioned a couple times, we expect relatively modest input cost decrease in 2024.
Keith Allman: Mike, specifically were thinking in plumbing, relatively flat commodities, sort of staying where they are now, and for paint inputs, while theyve moderated sequentially when you look at resins, we are seeing a little bit of deflation in those input costs, but other costs, including copper-zinc, TIO2, theyre moderated--excuse me, theyve moderated more and they will moderate a little bit more, but not significant benefit.
Mike Dahl: Got it, okay. Thanks. Then my second question, just back on the free cash flow, the conversion rate, obviously 90% is still high. I think your business typically targets 100% conversion on that income. When I look at the moving pieces, it doesnt seem like working cap is that much of an incremental usage, and then youve got capex, I think down year-on-year. Just any other drivers in terms of things we should be thinking about, levels of investment or non-working cap line items? Any other moving pieces there?
Richard Westenberg: Mike, those are the two, really. Working capital, I think Sue had asked in terms of that dynamic, we do expect a little bit of build in working capital in 2024. Well watch that, obviously, but weve got it down to a pretty balanced level right now, so as the market returns, we expect some building working capital. Capital expenditures, as you noted, will be down year-over-year from 23 to 24, but its still higher than our depreciation and amortization, so our capex guidance for 2024 is $200 million, our D&A is $160 million, so that capex versus D&A is another contributor to the 90% guide.
Mike Dahl: Okay, thats helpful, thanks.
Richard Westenberg: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Truman Patterson from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Truman Patterson: Hey, good morning guys. Rick, looking forward to working with you going forward. First question for me, in your plumbing segment, your supply chain is heavily reliant on shipping products to the U.S. and Europe. Im hoping you can give an update on some of the Red Sea shipping issues currently, any supply chain issues or incremental costs embedded in your 24 guidance.
Keith Allman: We are seeing, as you might expect, Truman, elevated costs for the containers that normally would be routed through the Red Sea, that now have to go around, and youre exactly right - its primarily for our European business. Those container costs have increased and weve contemplated that in our guide, and thats all part and parcel of how we think next year is going to shake out, but we are seeing an increase in those costs.
Richard Westenberg: Truman, to your other question, although were seeing elevated costs, so far our service levels have been able to be retained, and so were not having disruption per se but were watching, obviously, the dynamics closely.
Truman Patterson: Okay, got it. Just thinking through your 24 revenue guidance of flattish versus flat to down low single digit R&R market, first, are you all expecting your smaller ticket portfolio to outperform big ticket, and then second, you all have mentioned some incremental market share gains this year specifically, could you just elaborate on that a little bit - product categories, geographies, channels, etc. of some of these kind of near term gains?
Keith Allman: We do think that how we have repositioned our portfolio, Truman, to be the lower priced, lower ticket repair and remodel focus is more resilient than the higher priced, higher ticket items that are oftentimes more associated with new construction, so when you compare our type of project that a consumer would execute with paint, plumbing, lighting, hardware, etc., those tend to be more resilient than the bigger tickets, say cabinets and windows, which Im very familiar with.  So yes, we think that bodes well, and that fits in with the strategy and how we aim to be attractive, and who we aim to be attractive to as it relates to investors, as it relates to a higher margin, more resilient, less cyclical portfolio, and thats really important to us. Weve demonstrated, as we said, the ability to meet our commitment of double digit EPS growth through cycles when you look at 14% EPS CAGR from 19 through to where we are today, 2023, so were very pleased with that and we think that is partly driven--more than partly driven by the reconfiguration of our portfolio, so thats a significant part of it. Remind me of your second question, Truman, the second end of that?
Truman Patterson: Yes, just the near term market share gains that embedded in your guidance, just hoping you could elaborate on product categories, geographies, channels, etc. 
Keith Allman: Sure. Were going to continue to invest in our share gains and continue to outperform the market, as we have up to 2023. To highlight a few of those, were particularly focused on the showroom channel in plumbing, and that involves our channel relationships with and our programs to drive growth. Our innovation pipeline is certainly a part of that brand and the pull that we have, as I mentioned before, both from the trade and the consumers is part of that. Weve invested extensively in involving showroom associates and creating advocacy in the showroom market, so its not just about products, its also about capturing the hearts and minds of the folks in the showroom that sell our products, as it relates to involving them in literally in the design of our products, and we treat that as an operational type of exercise for us to create advocacy. We measure it and we drive it.  Certainly pro paint - when you look at our pro paint, Truman, on a stacked basis over the last three years, weve driven 60% growth - six-zero. I know a year, year and a half ago, there was a lot of questions on the stickiness of that demand, and weve proven that were not only able to maintain those share gains but also intend to grow those share gains, and thats through service, through having the right product in the can, obviously, but through our overall competitiveness as it relates to as applied costs and jobs. Look at our net promoter scores that were clocking on our new and existing pro paint customers - its industry leading, so we feel really good about that, so theres a couple areas there, plumbing, wholesale, pro paint, but were really driving across the board an expectation of market outperformance and margin expansion. 
Truman Patterson: Great, thank you and good luck in 24.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Garik Shmois from Loop Capital. Your line is now open.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in. First question is just on the 2026 margin targets. I was wondering if you could speak to maybe some of the levers you can pull more on the cost side if the remodeling market doesnt, say, recover to that 3% to 5% expected range.
Keith Allman: Variable cost productivity, making sure that were matching our shifts and our operating plan to the volume that weve had. Its very hard to do, but weve gotten very good at that, for obvious reasons, in the last couple years with the volatility weve seen. Depending on where the overall market goes, theres fixed cost productivity that we would drive. We continue, as Rick mentioned, to be disciplined in both price as well as our ability to manage costs and to make sure that we are continuing to invest in those key areas that drive growth and nothing more, so cost maintenance, variable cost productivity, direct labor productivity, matching our fixed footprint to actual demand, all those sorts of things are part of our Masco operating system. Its what were measured on and what our teams across the company are compensated on in terms of the ultimate metric of how we perform, is our ability to do that. Its about all those disciplined together. Theres no one silver bullet. We will hit those margin commitments in 2026, and just like we have hit our double digit earnings for growth commitment through cycles. I believe--you know, thats something I value and we as a company value very much, is the hard earned credibility that weve developed with the investment community and our high say-do ratio.
Garik Shmois: Understood, thanks for that. I wanted to follow up just on one of the bigger ticket item businesses that you offer. Your cited bigger ticket is likely to remain--is more volatile or perhaps underperform smaller ticket, and just wondering about the spa business, what youre assuming for that in 2024, maybe if we exclude the Sauna360 deal. What are you expecting on an organic basis?
Keith Allman: Yes, I like our spa business. Its a strong business with global market share. Its one of--on a percentage, one of our more global businesses. I like the tailwinds behind it as it relates to the overlay with an aging population and the importance placed on mental and physical health, and we have a tremendous team there. Were going to continue to drive market share and the business is growing and doing a fine job.  Im not going to get into specifics of how we parse out within the segment where its growing, but I like that business and were going to continue to invest in it. We have a great product offering thats recently launched, thats performing well for us. We have industry-leading technology that makes those devices very easy to use and monitor and interface with, and as I said, its an outstanding team out there, so that business is going to continue to perform very well for us in 24 and beyond.
Garik Shmois: Sounds good. Thanks again, best of luck.
Renee Benedict: Wed like to thank you all for joining us on the call this morning and for your interest in Masco. That concludes todays call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. My name is Jerry and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Renee Benedict, director of FP&A and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Renee Benedict: Thank you, Jerry and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2023 third quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, president and CEO of Masco and David Chaika, Masco's Vice President, treasurer and Investor Relations. Our third quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our form 10-K and our form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. our references to operating profits and earnings per share will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Renee. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. Before we get into our results, I want to take this opportunity to welcome Masco's new CFO, Rick Westenberg, who joined the team on October 16th. Rick is an accomplished executive with more than 25 years of experience, including nearly 15 years leading global finance organizations. We're excited to have Rick on board and look forward to him participating in our fourth quarter earnings call in February. I would like also to take this time to thank Dave Chaika for serving as interim CFO over the last several months. Dave quickly stepped into the position and successfully led our finance team during this transition and we greatly appreciate his support. With that, let's turn to our third quarter results. Please go to slide 5. In the third quarter, we demonstrated our ability to execute and the earnings power of our business model despite a challenging environment, which saw a top-line decreased 10%. Volume was down 12%, partially offset by pricing actions and favorable currency impacts of 1% each. While sales were down $225 million, our continued focus on driving cost savings initiatives and a favorable price-cost relationship resulted in an operating profit decline of only $2 million in the quarter. This strong execution resulted in operating profit margin expansion of 170 basis points to 17.6% and a decremental margin of only 1%. Our earnings per share for the quarter grew 1% to $1 per share. Turning to our segments. plumbing sales declined 11% and local currency with North American and International Plumbing, each declining 11%. In North American Plumbing, overall demand remained soft with the wholesale and e-commerce channels performing moderately stronger than the retail channel. In International Plumbing, demand trends weakened in our key markets of Europe and China in line with our expectations. We continue to expect our overall International Plumbing market to be down high single digits for the full year. Despite the top-line decline, we successfully drove plumbing margin expansion of 230 basis points to 18.9% in the third quarter. This strong margin performance was driven by pricing actions, commodity and freight deflation and significant cost savings initiatives, particularly in our North American plumbing business. We also completed the strategic bolt-on acquisition of Sauna360, a leader in the sauna, steam, and infrared wellness industry. This acquisition complements our spa business, expands our wellness product offerings and leverages Watkins expansive dealer networks. Turning to our Decorative Architectural segment, sales declined 10% in the quarter. DIY paint sales declined low double digits. Propane sales declined low single digits against a mid-teens comp in the third quarter of 2022. On a three-year stack basis, our propane comp is over 65%, demonstrating a significant market share, we have captured with propaners through the strength of the Behr brand, quality of our products and our commitment to exceptional service. Together with our partner, the Home Depot, we believe we have a significant opportunity to continue to grow share in the propane market. Additionally, we are honored that Behr was recognized as the Home Depot 2023 Marketing Innovation Partner of the Year. This recognition is a testament to our creative marketing campaigns and our 45-year partnership with the Home Depot. Turning to capital allocation. We continue to generate significant free cash flow during the quarter and maintain a strong balance sheet. As a result, we executed on our balanced capital deployment strategy and returned $109 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, including buying back 800,000 shares for $45 million in the quarter. Now, turning to our outlook for the remainder of 2023. With our strong execution, we now anticipate earnings per share for 2023 to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.75 per share, up from our previous guidance of $3.50 to $3.65. While the near-term demand for the repair and remodel market remains uncertain. We will stay focused on controlling what we can by closely managing costs, minimizing the impact of lower volumes and driving our margins back to at least 2019 levels of 18% each segment. We believe our portfolio of low-ticket repair and remodel products, our market-leading brands and innovation, and our geographic diversification positions us for growth and stability through cycles. As we look over the longer term, we believe the fundamentals of our repair and remodel markets are strong and supportive of long-term growth. These include high home equity levels, the age of housing stock, and home owners staying in their homes longer. We remain committed to investing in our brands, capabilities, and people to drive strong growth when market conditions improve. With favorable fundamentals and the continued successful execution of our growth strategy, along with our free cash flow and disciplined capital deployment, we are well positioned to drive value creation for the long term. On our fourth quarter call, we will provide our 2024 outlook, as well as an updated view on the margin expansion potential of our business over the longer term. I'd like to conclude with a thank you to our employees for their hard work and dedication to driving operational excellence and delivering for our customers and shareholders. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave to go over our third quarter results and 2023 outlook in more detail. Dave?
David Chaika: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Renee mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning to slide 7. Sales in the quarter decreased 10% and excluding currency decreased 11%. North American and international sales both decreased 11% in local currency. Our continued focus on operational efficiency helped drive gross margin expansion of 430 basis points to 35.8%. Our SG&A as a percent of sales was 18.2%. Despite our decline in sales, operating profit in the third quarter is $348 million, down only slightly year-over-year. Operating margin expanded 170 basis points to 17.6%. The strong operating profit in margin performance was due to pricing actions, lower freight and commodity costs, and cost saving initiatives, offset by lower volumes, resulting in EPS growth of 1%, the $1 per share. Lastly, in the third quarter, we received an insurance settlement in our decorative Architectural Products segment, related to the severe weather event that occurred in Texas in 2021. This weather event significantly impacted our suppliers' ability to produce the raw materials necessary for us to manufacture certain paints and other coating products. This settlement has been excluded from our results as a non-GAAP adjustment. Turning to slide 8. Plumbing sales in the quarter decreased 10% and excluding currency decreased 11%. Lower volume decreased sales by 14%, partially offset by net selling prices, which increased sales by 3%. North American plumbing sales decreased 11% in local currency. International plumbing sales decreased 11% in local currency as demand continued to soften in many European markets and China. Segment operating profit in the third quarter was $225 million, up $5 million year-over-year, and operating margin expanded 230 basis points to 18.9%. Operating profit improvement was driven by pricing actions, lower freight and commodity costs, and cost saving initiatives, partially offset by lower volumes. The completion of our Sauna360 acquisition had minimal impact on our results due to closing late in the third quarter. Turning to slide 9. Decorative Architectural sales decreased 10% for the third quarter. Paint sales declined high single digits with propane sales decreasing low single digits against the mid-teens comp in the third quarter of 2022. With a two-year pro sales comp in the mid-teens and a three-year pro sales comp of over 65%, we are clearly demonstrating in a significant share we have gained and retained over the past three years. Operating profit was $144 million and operating margin expanded 110 basis points to 18.3%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes, partially offset by cost saving initiatives. We are also starting to see relief in certain paint input costs with modest low single-digit deflation in the third quarter, and we expect modest low single digit deflation in the fourth quarter on these raw materials. For the full year, we continue to anticipate low single-digit inflation for our paint raw material basket, with second half deflation not fully offsetting first half inflation. Turning to slide 10. our balance sheet remains strong with net debt-to-EBITDA at 1.7 times a quarter-end and approximately $1.6 billion of balance sheet liquidity. Working capital as a percent of sales improved 40 basis points to 18.1%, and net working capital days improved by 12 days, primarily due to lower inventories. With this improvement in working capital, net cash from operating activities year-to-date was $928 million, an improvement of $408 million compared to prior year. We expect free cash flow conversion to be approximately 110% for the full year. During the third quarter, we repurchased approximately 800,000 shares for $45 million. Share repurchases were lower in the quarter as a result of us completing the acquisition of Sauna360. We continue to execute on our disciplined capital allocation strategy and anticipate deploying approximately $500 million to share repurchases and acquisitions for the full year. With the acquisition of Sauna360 for approximately 124 million and year-to-date share repurchases of approximately $125 million. We expect to deploy up to $225 million for share repurchases in the fourth quarter, subject to market conditions. This will bring our full-year share repurchases to approximately $350 million. Now, let's turn to slide 11 for our updated outlook for the year. For Masco overall, our top line is developing largely as expected and we continue to expect sales to decline in the range of 10%. However, with our strong execution year-to-date and margin performance, we now expect full-year margins to be approximately 16.5%, increased from our previous guide of approximately 16%. In our plumbing segment, we expect 2023 sales to be down in the range of 9% to 10%, improved from our previous expectation of down 10% to 12%. We also anticipate the full-year plumbing margins to improve and be approximately 17.5%, increased from our previous guide of approximately 17%. In our Decorative Architectural Segment, we continue to expect sales to be down in the range of 8% to 10%. However, we do expect our decorative margins to improve and be approximately 17.5%, increased from our previous guidance of approximately 17% due to cost saving initiatives. Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, thanks for our strong execution, our 2023 EPS estimate is now at $3.65 to $3.75, up from our previous guide of $3.50 to $3.65. This assumes a 24% effective tax rate and a $227 million average diluted share count for the year, which is slightly higher than the $226 million share count we guided to last quarter. Additional modeling assumptions for 2023 can be found on slide 14 of our earnings deck. With that, I'd like to open the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Mike.
David Chaika: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Rehaut: I wanted to start with the increased guidance and driven by the higher margin outlook, and really zero in a little bit on kind of the drivers of each and specifically trying to think about cost saving initiatives, as well as raw material trends and how we should think about any of these benefits as perhaps they've begun to accrue as you've moved throughout 2023. And if there's any way to think about carryover benefits on either the cost saves or the raw materials trends as we look into 2024.
Keith Allman: So, we clearly have Mike, margin momentum going into 2024 and that will continue. the main drivers of our margin, our variable cost productivity a little bit on the fixed cost side. We've talked about a small plumbing plant that we've closed, but really, it's about continuous improvement in that culture of execution that we've demonstrated in the past and continue to do that. So, we've got good productivity initiatives that we're driving. we've had some pull-through of now full-year benefit of price increases that we've executed mid-year last year that's now affecting us full year this year and we're getting full benefit of that by and large here in the third quarter. And we expect that to continue and of course, if commodities stay where they are or maybe even change to the lower side going into 24, that would be a benefit for us as well leading into 2024. So, I think the margin story for us in summary is that we've got good momentum here coming through in this quarter and there will be some benefits for us as we look into 24.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. Appreciate it. I guess secondly, we had a competitor last night talk about in early thoughts around 2024 and kind of shared expectations for the market to be down slightly based on current trends. I was wondering if that's something that at this point again, given how youve seen the trajectory play out so far in 2023 and given still kind of depressed, existing home sale turnover. If that kind of matches directionally at least the way you're thinking about things at this point and how you overall kind of characterize the demand backdrop, I know, as you've kind of noted 2023 has played out as you've largely expected. but clearly, some of the headwinds appear to be you know at least in place as we're entering 24 at this point.
Keith Allman: Yes. Mike, as I said, we'll be providing a lot more detailed view on 2024 on our fourth quarter call in February, in terms of sharing some of our initial thoughts and perspective on what 24 looks like as we sit here today. I would say that our assessment of the market based on what we're seeing now in terms of our order patterns and our view agrees with most industry experts and economists, I'd say, in that, it looks to us like 24 is going to be a flattish year for R&R. We have rates being stubborn and holding up. Consumers are still getting a little pinched by that existing home sales are at what I think is about a 20-year low. I would say, generally speaking, for our view of 2024 and R&R, that it's going to be flattish. And in that flattish environment, we fully expect to outperform the market and grow and expand margins. We have leading brands around the globe with Delta and hansgrohe. We have demonstrated and have strong share gain momentum with our innovation pipeline, our new products and our leading channel positions, particularly in wholesale and our premium position in China, which is holding up better than some of the lower-priced segments in China. So, we've demonstrated our ability to grow, and retain share in propane. That will continue, because we're focused on that. And you see that we are continuing to invest behind that initiative. So, I think that top-line story together with our demonstrated margin momentum, we're focused on margin execution. And with our strong drop-down in incremental volume, market outperformance and a flattish environment will drive margin enhancement. Of course, we're continuing to lean out our operations and keep a key focus on total cost productivity, which is the hallmark of our execution culture. So, in 24, I think we're, as we said here today, in agreement with the general assessment of a flattish market, and we intend to outperform in that market. I think importantly, longer term, we believe that there is a significant rebound in R&R spending when things normalize due to strong fundamentals. We've talked about the age of housing stock, strong home prices, strong equity levels and what we believe to be pent-up demand for R&R spending. So, it's a volatile time and I think based on our demonstrated execution, we're ready to go into 24 and feel good about it. And we're going to continue to invest in our brand service innovation to drive above market growth and win in the recovery.
Michael Rehaut: Great. That was -- I appreciate the answer and the thoughts, Keith. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Ahlersmeyer of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Hey, everybody. good morning and thanks for taking the question.
Keith Allman: Yes. Good morning, Joe.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: I was wondering, I know you don't disclose price for your Dec Arch segment, but I was wondering if you could give at least directionally if price added to the top line in the quarter and margin in the quarter. It didn't look like it was maybe, the first quarter, where you didn't call it out.
Keith Allman: Yes, Joe. We're not going to get into specific discussion on price. So, price overall for Masco was around 1%, a little more in plumbing, roughly flattish in decorative. As we've talked about many times, we tend to be price-cost neutral in decorative over time. We have seen some sustained raw material deflation. Likely, price could be a little bit of a headwind here in fourth quarter, but maintain profit dollars.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Right. That makes sense. So, there's a follow -up. As you're talking about getting back to 18%, that includes, I suppose, the deflation plus giving back the price, because that's the mechanical margin benefit on the way down, right?
Keith Allman: Yes. I think when we talk about getting back to the 2019 margin levels of 18%, it's more about driving cost savings initiatives, more about driving growth. If there is deflation and the inverse relationship to -- if you do end up giving back price, that could help. But I think we really were focused on improving margins from a cost proactivity and driving growth side of things.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Understood. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sam Reid of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Reid: Awesome. Thanks so much guys for taking my questions here. I wanted to maybe dig a little bit on propane. It's been a great growth engine for you guys. I understand there's been a little bit of give back this year. Can you give us an update though on what the next leg of growth is from here and maybe touch on some of your initiatives specifically? Im thinking job site delivery and maybe, where you are in terms of building out your propane sales force?
Keith Allman: Yes. thanks for the question, Sam. Propane's been a great story for us and a lot of hard work and focus for really a decade now. It was -- it wasn't too long ago when this was just a small piece of our business and we've grown it now to be quite material. and the story has really been around staying focused on that segment of the market that we think we have a value proposition that really works. And it's that contractor, who also paints and does other things and is already in the aisle shopping at the Home Depot and when you couple that with the quality of our paint and our brands, and our innovation that we put in the can, it's in our cost competitiveness. It's a very strong story for that contractor. We think that's about half the propane business in total. And when we look at where we are today in terms of our overall volume, I think the important story to start with is we are just getting started. We have a relatively small share of that focused part of the market that we're going for. So, there's some nice white space to go after. The success that we've had today and the success that continues to resonate with the propane are based on today's net promoter scores that we look at very closely. So, we're holding onto this share, because it's not a one-time benefit. It's a benefit that has value to these focused contractors that continues, and it's about service. It's about reducing the friction and making it an easy process and an easy experience for the propaner to go through. So, we are -- there's no big silver bullet that we're looking to spend a significant amount of money and that we think is going to or hope is going to drive the benefit. It's doing more of the same and staying focused on service. So yes, that includes buying online and picking up and store ordering that includes expanding our delivery options, which of course, includes job site delivery. We still have significant room to expand our pro sales outside sales force, both at Behr and at Home Depot. We continue to enhance our loyalty programs. The list goes on. So, it's fundamentally about the blocking and tackling, and delivering in the service proposition to a targeted contractor. Prop really ranks. in terms of where we are in the build out, it's early innings. I mean when you look at the share that we have today and the share potential that we think we have, we're just getting rolling.
Sam Reid: That's helpful. And maybe one more on paint, touching more on backlogs here. So, just do you have a sense as to where those backlogs sit for your propane customers? And then maybe, another one just on project sizes. Are you finding that project sizes maybe are mixing a little bit smaller, but that's still keeping pros relatively busy? Thanks.
David Chaika: Hey, Sam. on the backlog, we'd say that the propaners in general work through really significant backlogs over the past couple of years. It's probably more at a normalized level, still decent demand, but at a much more normalized backlog level. In terms of project size, that's a difficult stat to get a handle on anecdotally, maybe a little bit. but you really can't, don't have hard data to back that up at this point, probably a little early for that.
Keith Allman: We haven't really seen a significant change in our ticket size.
Sam Reid: Got you. That's helpful. Thanks so much, guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Matthew Bouley: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Just one on the international market. It sounds like you kept guidance unchanged. But there was some weakening in those markets. And I guess if I heard you correctly, that was already in line with your expectations. My question is, do you think those international markets have found a trough here, or would there be risk to those markets weakening a bit further? And since you gave some color on R&R into 24, I'm just curious if you have any thoughts on how those international markets may play out into early next year. Thank you.
Keith Allman: Yes, Matt. it's always tough to tell if you're on the bottom or you're coming up, where we are in terms of stability. It's a volatile time period for sure. We have seen softening in international, in central Europe. Germany's economy is under a little bit of pressure. Of course, we've talked about China and we understand what's happening there. We do expect the softening to continue. I should say, we do expect it to be soft in Q4. hansgrohe is very resilient. We are gaining share significantly in Europe. So, to combat those choppy market conditions, the team has just gone to work and really penetrated not only in Europe, but also doing a fine job holding up in China and continuing to grow in some of our higher growth markets. In terms of where we see 24, I'm not going to get into the specifics of calling it down on the region, but a region-based [ph] that we are beginning to see some favorable signs in terms of more steady demand coming out of Europe and that that gives me a lot of positivity.
David Chaika: Yes, Matt. Id just add. you're right. We did anticipate the international markets declining. So that the deceleration that we saw here in 3Q is roughly aligned with our expectations and yes, the keys point, there are signs of stabilization. I'd say it's a little too early to call it certainly or a trend, but definitely, our signs of stabilization.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. Okay. Thanks for that guys. and then second one on the retail channel, it sounded like it might have been a little weaker and plumbing relative to wholesale, clearly on the paint side. You might have seen DIY decelerating a bit. I'm curious what that means for a promotional activity. What are you kind of seeing at the retail level? in terms of trying to address some of that kind of deceleration out there and how might that impact your margin outlook. Thanks, guys.
Keith Allman: Right. As where we sit today, it's been fairly consistent with what it's been in the past. And I would say that not only applies to our plumbing business, but also to paint, meaning that we do have periodic sales around some holidays. We have some new low price in spots, but by and large, it really has not, we have not seen any significant change in the promotional environment. And that's a choice. Obviously, we are strategic partners with our customers, but really that is their choice. And then sometimes, we participate in the funding and others we don't. So that's really up to them. And to this day, at this time, we really haven't seen much of a change at all in the promotional environment.
Matthew Bouley: Great. Thanks, Keith. Thanks, Dave. Good luck, guys.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
David Chaika: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo of UBS. Please go ahead.
John Lovallo: Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. The first one is, you know, what did you see in terms of plumbing mix, was geographic mix still a headwind internationally? And then in terms of plumbing pricing, I think it was 4% through the first half. I think it was 3% in the third quarter. Are you expecting further tapering as we move into the fourth quarter?
David Chaika: Yes, John. let me take the pricing. Yes, we do expect further tapering in the fourth quarter as we analyze the majority of our price increases. We did take some selective price actions in plumbing earlier this year that we'll continue through, but the majority of our larger increases are analyzed now as we head into the fourth quarter. So, it'll be a little bit of a benefit that smaller than what we saw in 3Q. On the mix side, not a real material impact, but we have seen some mix impact, mainly geographic mix in our international business. So, we're a premium player in China. We like that position. We think that's a more resilient position, more consistent position to be in, and it feeds into the strength of our hansgrohe and AXOR brands. And when China is under pressure, a little bit more than the overall international market in general, that gives us a little bit of geographic mix, but it's not particularly material in the quarter in order to expect it to be throughout the year, a little bit more will be profitable.
John Lovallo: Understood. And then paint and coatings revenue was down high single digits and total segment sales were down 10%. How much was the hardware business down and what are you seeing there and what were sort of the drivers of the declines there?
Keith Allman: Yes. our lighting and hardware businesses were down double digits, a little bit more than the segment, John. They tend to be a little more DIY-oriented type products. So, they pull back a little bit more than our paint and coating products in aggregate. So, we did see more softening -- sort of consistent softening, but we did see softer here in the 3Q on the lighting and hardware businesses.
John Lovallo: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Keith Allman: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten of Zelman. Please go ahead.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey. good morning, guys. just maybe kind of backing into the fourth quarter margin guidance, pretty big step down sequentially, I think, kind of bigger than maybe typically or seasonal. Just kind of anything to note there in terms of headwinds on the margin side?
Keith Allman: No, nothing beyond really what we've talked about. We may see a little bit more of international mix in our plumbing segment that could provide a little bit more headwind. Dave, maybe you can add color on to that. But we've -- the fourth quarters typically are slowest from a seasonality perspective. We do have costs that come in the fourth quarter, such as threw up on various accounts, compensation accounts and that sort of thing, that can have some headwinds. We've got a little bit of -- we bring up and start to more aggressively ramp up our new factories. We have a new paint facility outside; Columbus in Ohio and we have a new plumbing plant in Serbia. So, there'll be a little more expenses there in headwinds. But I think it's -- when you think about our margin and where we're going to be driving this in 24, I think it's best to think about the full-year 23 margins and then that strong incremental that I've talked about earlier on the call as it relates to share growth.
David Chaika: Adam, I think you've had a good summary in general. It remains an uncertain market. So, there is some caution probably in the fourth quarter on the margin side. So, we do anticipate continued pressure from lower volumes, potentially a little bit of negative mix and plumbing, as well as we'll have plants started up costs in both -- in plumbing and decorative with our European Boston shower facility coming online, as well as our Heath Ohio paint manufacturer and distribution center coming online.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And then just maybe, if you could touch on POS trends at retail throughout the quarter and maybe, into October, if you're willing to share that.
Keith Allman: Yes. we don't really like to break it down within the quarter as there's a lot of variability in terms of load in from new products and other comps, and that sort of thing. And it certainly varies, with respect to POS, I'd say we're seeing some fairly good trends.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Thanks. Thats all I have.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Susan.
David Chaika: Good morning, Su.
Susan Maklari: My first question is maybe, taking a step back, there's been obviously a lot of focus on the consumer in the last month or two, and thinking about housing and their ability to spend as rates move higher. How would you characterize the consumer today as you kind of look across the business? And any thoughts on shifts that are there, either positive or negative, and what that could suggest for next year as we think about the potential for maybe rates to change, either up or down, and where things could kind of come together with that?
Keith Allman: I'd characterize it by saying it's a mixed bag, Susan. When we look in Europe, we did see a pullback in the consumer, and there's some noise there with various legislation that's been, it's now clarified to a degree anyway, more than it was last time we talked as it relates to driving for non-fossil fuel heating systems in central Europe and Germany. and that taking away some of the consumer's willingness to spend on, say, battery model projects and that sort of thing as they're concerned with putting in greener heating systems per what they thought was pending legislation. It looks like that's going to now be protracted out to 2028. So, we expect that consumer to start to come back. So, in Europe, the consumer was kind of a little later to the game in the pullback, if you will and is now coming back in Europe. In the U.S., holding up fairly well for us. as expected, I should say, so we're not seeing any accelerated slowdown whatsoever. Again, I think there's a lot of volatility and uncertainty, and it's the full impact of inflation, I think is yet to be seen in the consumer. but by and large, the consumer is still holding in pretty good for us and our products. And I think that's driven by the bang for the buck, if you will, that the consumer sees in painting a room, and in changing our faucets and light fixtures, where it's a relatively inexpensive investment in your home. I think with work from home, where that's not fully going to go back to everybody working in the office, and that puts more wear and tear on the paint, and it's not that expensive to do it and you can do a DIY if you want. So, I think that combination has helped us.
Susan Maklari: Okay.
David Chaika: Susan, I would add to it, I mean, consumers clearly have been resilient. [indiscernible] consumers now since there have been significant increase in rates and inflation over the past couple of years. That said, they have demonstrated they are resilient when you look at home medically levels, they're feeling very good about their home. So, we do think that when things do stabilize that, that consumer will be very interested in remodeling their homes and as Keith alluded to, we do think there will be a nice pent-up demand that we fully intend to capitalize on.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful color. And then thinking about capital allocation, I know that you closed the acquisition this quarter. As you think about priorities for cash and especially, maybe on the buyback side, any thoughts on how that could come together over the next couple of quarters?
David Chaika: Yes, Susan. Our typical philosophy is to allocate all of our free cash flow after dividends to share repurchases or acquisitions. So, with our significant cash flow and our pausing of share repos in the third quarter, we do tend to be fairly aggressive here in the fourth quarter. And then we talked about allocating $225 million likely towards share repurchases. If you look at 24, I think if you follow that basic formula of excess free cash flow, free cash flow after dividends allocated to share repurchases or acquisitions, you'd be right in the ballpark on how we're thinking about share repos for next year.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. Good luck with everything.
Keith Allman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois of Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Question on DIY paint, just if you move to down low teens year-on-year versus down a little single digits, I think in the second quarter. Just curious that was a sizeable change on year-on-year basis, just curious how trends performed sequentially there.
Keith Allman: Yes. On DIY paint, we did see softening in 2Q actually, and continued softening here in 3Q. I think you have to look at the low-level existing home sales, which are a 13-year low. We haven't seen this level of existing home sales since 2010 at the end of the housing crisis. So, we think that is affecting DIY paint sales. So that market is softer here in 3Q, roughly in line with our revised expectation coming out of 2Q.
David Chaika: Garik, I would say that the fundamentals are still supportive of DIY paint, particularly when you think about millennials going into the housing market. And the basic research that we've done is that these -- that the millennials are DIY-ers, and not only for a single project, but they're returned DIY-ers. And paint, as we've shown with regards to, if there is such thing as a fun DIY project, that's how it's viewed. And our positioning with that is favorable for us.
Garik Shmois: Understood. Thanks for that. The follow-up question is just on commodity costs. I think you mentioned you started. You're starting to finally see some relief here. Maybe, if you could walk through some of the baskets that are particularly beneficial right now in the fourth quarter, if there's any early look at the 24 on the raw material side. that would be great.
Keith Allman: Well, container costs have come down off their peak levels. That certainly has helped with freight. Some of our metals, such as zinc is off the 22 high. Copper, I think, is at about 350 a pound now. 22 high was closer to four bucks. So that's come off. Now, we haven't really seen that roll through the P&L, because of the time in the water and then the flow through of our inventory. But that would be a 24 tailwind for us. All in all, in plumbing, let's call it low single-digit deflation for the year. In paint, certain input costs have moderated. We've seen resins moderated a little bit. We're starting to see a little bit of deflation in the third quarter, but still inflation based on a full year. It's not, we believe -- not going to be enough to cover the inflation we saw in the first half. So, let's call it approximately flat all in for the total company for the full year. And then the reduced commodity costs that we're seeing in the back end of the year here would be benefits for us in 24.
Garik Shmois: Great. Thanks, again. best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim: Yes. thanks very much, guys. I appreciate all the color. I guess, my question is related to your targeted 18% plus operating margins. You're pretty close in both segments. But in Dec Arch, I'm curious as to whether or not there's a sub -segment, particularly either hardware or lighting, where you're further away from your target than you are in paint, basically is that true and is maybe painting or, sorry, lighting or hardware a little further away. And then also within plumbing, is there a sub-segment, or a couple of areas worth calling out within your plumbing portfolio, where again, maybe you're a little further away from your targeted levels?
Keith Allman: Yes. When you look across, Stephen, our segments and within segments, not everything is the same margin. So, there is a distribution of margins. And when you think about hardware, hardware is lower margin than paint. And that is an area, where we're looking to improve. And I will tell you that 18% is the target that we're shooting for now, but we think we have a significant room to continue to drive that even higher. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we'll be talking about, where we see some long-term margin targets on our call next quarter. Within plumbing, we have a broad plumbing platform and we've talked before about how there's a continuum of margin in that platform from some of the beautiful chrome-plated jewelry in the kitchen and bath in plumbing to some of the less decorative components, say, of a plastic shower pan that we would install in our bathing business. So, there is variability in margin and I think the key takeaway I'd like to share with you is that we've demonstrated the ability to execute and drive margin, be it with our focus on where we play and with our masco operating system to drive efficiencies. So, we'll be tackling the whole business. But yes, there's variability, of course, across our segments.
Stephen Kim: So, within plumbing, there's not a particular, let's say, way of talking about it, that sub -- segment or segments out, maybe by country or sort of price point or something like that, where you're a little bit further away from your goal within that segment.
Keith Allman: Well, there's not a whole lot of variability when we look geographically and we look at margin variability on a product-type basis. We look at margin variability based on the raw component makeup of the products. We look at margin variability across channels. So that's all part of our operating system that we used to drive improvements. but we're not going to break it out specifically by those components as we talk here.
Stephen Kim: Okay, that's fine. Regarding overall, your improved margin, you talk about cost savings and some of those, I think you highlighted, there's a little bit of raws that are starting to come to you as a benefit. And then you have freight, which you called out as well. But you've also talked about other productivity initiatives and so forth. So, I'm curious as we look into, let's say, the fourth quarter, if you were to sort of segregate out things like freight and price over raws, how much is, would you say, related to productivity, like things that are more sort of permanent cost-saving efforts that you've made, I mean, would you put that in the 10 to 20 basis-point range overall? Or, I mean, is it -- just if you can help us understand what some of those initiatives have been adding, or are expected to add here maybe in the fourth quarter, or if you want to talk the full year or whatever?
David Chaika: Hey, Steve. we have made very nice improvements on the productivity line. Recall we had some inefficiencies in the back half of 22, particularly in plumbing that we've done a very nice job getting on top of. I'd say in terms of bucketing the biggest drivers clearly getting our price cost relationship back to where it should be throughout this year. So, we've had very nice cost recovery this year since we did lag it a bit last year. So that's the biggest bucket. The productivity is a nice tailwind to help with that, but the biggest bucket is the price cost recovery.
Stephen Kim: Okay. thanks very much, guys.
Keith Allman: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Truman Patterson of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Truman Patterson: Hey. good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Keith, just wanted to follow up. You mentioned that brass deflation for the year should kind of run in the down low single-digit percentage. Should we assume that was likely inflationary in kind of the first quarter and perhaps the fourth quarter is trending down maybe in the mid-single-digit percentage or better range as we said today?
Keith Allman: Yes, Truman. that's about right.
David Chaika: Yes, Truman. I'd add too. Just the copper and zinc are down, but they have been bouncing around too. They've gone down these levels. They've gone back up close to the 22 averages. So, it would run with that consistently through 24 at this point, but it does look like it'll be a little bit of a benefit.
Truman Patterson: Okay, okay. got you. And then as we look at your margin performance in both segments on a year-over-year basis. is there any way you could frame how much your investments in both businesses stepped up in the third quarter or was it relatively light versus your expectations kind of given the margin performances? I'm just trying to understand if you know perhaps some of these costs are really fully hitting in the fourth quarter that might have been expected in 3Q.
Keith Allman: Yes. I'd say investments were roughly in line with what we anticipated in 3Q, maybe a little bit light. We do plan to continue to invest in our business as Keith talked about. It will impact a little bit on the fourth quarter, but roughly in line with probably what we saw in 3Q. I'd say the margin improvement is much more of our -- as we've talked about the productivity improvements, as well as getting the price-cost relationship back to where it should be.
Truman Patterson: okay, perfect. Thank you, guys.
Keith Allman: Thanks, Truman.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Phil Ng of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys. thanks for squeezing me in. I guess for you, Dave, you kind of mentioned price cost was a huge driver for margins this year, particularly plumbing. Your products have obviously resonated with consumers and shown good pricing power and your competitor has actually alluded to taking price next year in plumbing. Do you have any pricing actions geared for 2024? And when we look at the pace of price cost spread widening this year, do you see that spread widening, the pace of that spread widening even faster perhaps next year?
David Chaika: Again, we'll get into our detail for 24 on the next call. We've taken some targeted price in plumbing this year here in the third quarter and our demonstrated ability as you mentioned with our pricing power is to stay in front of it -- to keep price cost in our sites and go after price through our channels when we need it. We tend to keep it and hold on to it longer in plumbing than we do in decorative, given our relationship with our significant customer in coatings. So, our pricing power is pretty strong. It's too early to say if we're going to take price next year. we'll have to see what that means in terms of our innovation pipeline and our new products that come out and where commodities ultimately end up. So, too early to call whether or not we're going to do any price in plumbing in 24. but certainly if needed, we've got the capability and the pricing power with our brands to be able to do that.
Phil Ng: Okay. Keith, just to clarify, you meant 3Q price increase in plumbing. That was last year, right? Not so much.
Keith Allman: Right. We've taken some targeted -- that's correct. Sorry about that. We've taken some targeted price here earlier in the year as well.
Phil Ng: Okay. makes sense. And then on the DIY side of things for paint, any color on where volumes are shaking out right now has a fourth quarter in terms of your guidance relative to pre-COVID levels. And Keith, you kind of mentioned that you see good momentum going forward long-term on DIY, just given the millennial cohort. Do you see that kind of flipping in 2024 in terms of trends in DIY versus wholesale? The pro channel has definitely held up much better than DIY this year in the retail channel.
Keith Allman: Yes. the DIY market during COVID was a bit of a roller coaster, where it took a significant improvement, if you recall, when folks were reticent to have pros in their homes. And then when that kind of fear of COVID relaxed a little bit and people were more comfortable with pros coming in, pro took off and DIY went down. And that, I think, is -- it speaks to our diversification and our strength in pro for that customer that we can handle that variation and be there to catch that and grow share. But it has been an up and down market. I will tell you where we sit now in DIY, that absolute volumes are lower than our pre-pandemic, call it 2019 levels in DIY. with respect to, if I think, as I said, we'll get into more detail about next year on our fourth quarter call. I'm not so sure that the millennial cohort will be enough to really drive significant growth overall in the DIY segment, but we'll talk about where we see DIY more in detail in the next call.
Phil Ng: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate the color.
Operator: We would like to thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning and for your interest in Masco. That concludes today's call. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation's Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. My name is Michelle, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions]  I will now turn the call over to Renee Benedict, Director, Investor Relations and FP&A. You may begin.
Renee Benedict: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2023 second quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and David Chaika, Masco's Interim Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we cant take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Renee. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. I'm pleased with our performance in the first half of the year. We have demonstrated the resiliency of our business and our ability to mitigate the impacts of volatile market conditions, while maintaining our focus on growth, productivity and shareholder returns. In the second quarter, our top line decreased 10% against a strong 8% comp. Volume was down 12%, partially offset by pricing actions of 4%. While sales were down $225 million, our operating profit only declined $10 million due to strong cost recovery and improved operational efficiencies. This solid execution resulted in operating profit margin expansion of 140 basis points and a decremental margin of only 4%. In addition, our earnings per share for the quarter grew 3% to $1.19. I'd like to thank our employees for their dedication and continued efforts to execute on our strategic initiatives and deliver strong results. Turning to our segments. Plumbing sales declined 10% in local currency, with North American and international Plumbing declining 12% and 8%, respectively. In North American Plumbing, demand trends continue to be soft across channels and product categories. In International Plumbing, as expected, the slowing demand we began to see in Europe and China in the first quarter continued into the second quarter. We continue to expect our International Plumbing market to be down high single digits for the full year. Despite the topline decline, our Plumbing margin expanded 270 basis points to 20% in the second quarter. This strong margin performance was driven by pricing actions taken to recover the significant inflation we have experienced as well as improvements in operational efficiencies, particularly in our North American Plumbing business. We are focused on driving our operating profit margins back to at least the 2019 level of 18% over time, and I'm pleased with the progress we are making in the Plumbing segment. We also executed on our bolt-on acquisition strategy by entering into an agreement to acquire Sauna360, a leader in the sauna, steam, and infrared wellness industry. This acquisition complements our spa business, expands our wellness product offerings, and leverages Watkins expansive dealer network. We expect this transaction to close in the third quarter. Lastly, in Plumbing, we are pleased that Delta Faucet was named Showroom Partner of the Year by one of our large plumbing wholesale customers, demonstrating the value we provide to our customers and our strength in the wholesale plumbing channel. Turning to our Decorative Architectural segment, sales declined 8% in the quarter against a strong 15% comp. PRO paint declined mid-single digits against a robust comp of approximately 40% in the second quarter of 2022. DIY paint sales declined low single-digits against a strong low teens comp. During the first half of the year, we secured additional shelf space in adjacent product categories, launched new products, and invested in our PRO paint business. This demonstrates the strength of our Behr brand, quality of our products, and our commitment to exceptional service performance. Our over 40-year relationship with our paint partner, The Home Depot, is extremely strong and we believe we have a significant opportunity to continue to grow share together in the propane market. We're also excited to announce that we will begin distributing product from our new paint distribution and manufacturing facility located in Central Ohio in early September and we expect to begin producing paint in the new facility in the first quarter of next year. This new facility enables our paint business to continue to provide superior levels of service expected of us and the capacity to accommodate the growth we expect in this business. Turning to capital allocation, we continue to generate strong free cash flow during the quarter and maintain a solid balance sheet. As a result, we executed on our balanced capital deployment strategy and returned $89 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, including buying back 500,000 shares for $25 million in the quarter. With the pending acquisition of Sauna360 for approximately 125 million, our share repurchases for the year will be approximately $350 million. Now, turning to our outlook for the remainder of 2023. As a result of our strong execution during the first half of the year, we now anticipate earnings per share for 2023 to be in the range of $3.50 to $3. 65 per share, up from our previous guidance of $3.10 to $3.40. In this uncertain environment, we remain focused on closely managing costs, minimizing the impact of lower volumes and driving our margins back to 2019 levels. We will continue to invest in our brands, capabilities and people to outperform the competition and deliver returns for investors, both in the near and long term. We believe we're well positioned to weather the challenging near-term demand environment and have strong long-term fundamentals in our repair and remodel markets. Structural factors such as high home equity levels, the age of housing stock and a homeowner staying in their homes longer, will drive increased repair and remodel activity in several ways. Home equity levels, which are highly correlated to repair and remodeling, remain at record levels due to rapid home price appreciation and can withstand significant pullbacks in home prices and still be above 2019 levels. Also, 1.8 million more single-family homes will reach the prime remodeling ages of 20 to 39 years old through 2027. Households with homes in this prime remodeling age then to have above average income and home values, which supports the likelihood of investing in remodeling projects. In addition, many homeowners have taken advantage of low mortgage rates and are likely to remain in their homes longer. And with record levels of equity, these homeowners are more willing to take on larger modeling projects to update their homes. All of these structural forces provide tailwinds for our business and increase our confidence for a strong repair and remodel market after 2023 when the economy stabilizes. With favorable fundamentals for our portfolio and continued successful execution of our growth strategy, along with our strong free cash flow and disciplined capital deployment, we are well-positioned to drive shareholder value creation for the long term. Before I turn the call over to Dave, I want to update you on our CFO search. As I mentioned last quarter, we have strong internal candidates, and our search firm has delivered strong external candidates as well. We are in the final stages of the selection process and anticipate naming our CFO shortly. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave to go over our second quarter results and 2023 outlook in more detail. Dave?
David Chaika: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Renee mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other onetime items. Turning to Slide 7. Sales in the quarter decreased 10%, and excluding currency, decreased 9%. Lower volumes decreased sales by 12%, partially offset by net selling price increases of 4%. North American sales decreased 10%, and in local currency, international sales decreased 8%. Despite the sales decline, we executed well in the quarter, and our focus on operational efficiency helped drive gross margin expansion of 320 basis points to 36.2%. Our SG&A as a percent of sales was 17.2%. Operating profit in the second quarter was $404 million, down only $10 million year-over-year. And operating margin expanded 140 basis points to 19%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes, mostly offset by higher net selling prices. Lastly, our EPS in the quarter increased 3% to $1.19 per share. Turning to slide eight. Plumbing sales in the quarter decreased 11% and excluding currency, decreased 10%. Lower volume and mix decreased sales by 15%, partially offset by net selling prices, which increased sales by 4%. North American Plumbing sales decreased 12% in local currency. Our wholesale Plumbing channel performed well in the quarter, offset by softness in retail and spas. Our spa business declined over 20% against a strong 35% comp. International Plumbing sales decreased 8% in local currency against an 11% comp as demand continued to soften in many European markets and China. We also began to see a small negative mix impact in International Plumbing, which we expect will increase in the second half of the year as the international markets will likely slow further. Segment operating profit in the second quarter was $245 million, up $7 million year-over-year and operating margin expanded 270 basis points to 20%. Operating profit improvement was driven by net selling price increases and continued improved operational efficiencies, partially offset by lower volumes. Turning to slide nine. Decorative Architectural sales decreased 8% for the second quarter against a strong 15% comp. Paint sales declined mid-single-digits with propane sales decreasing mid-single-digits against a robust comp of approximately 40% in the second quarter of 2022. On a two-year stack basis, our propane comp is up over 30%, demonstrating the significant share we have gained over the past two years. Operating profit was $180 million and operating margin was 20%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes, higher input costs, and growth investments, partially offset by higher net selling prices. We've now anniversaried most selling price increases, so price increases will have little impact on the second half of 2023 for this segment. With respect to input costs for paint, we experienced raw material inflation in the first half of the year and our overall cost basket remains elevated. We are starting to see relief in certain paint input costs and expect modest low single-digit deflation in the second half of the year on these raw materials. For the full year, we continue to anticipate low single-digit inflation for our paint raw material basket. Turning to slide 10. Our balance sheet remains strong with net debt-to-EBITDA of 1.8 times at quarter end. We ended the quarter with approximately $1. 4 billion of balance sheet liquidity. Working capital as a percent of sales was 18. 9%, which matched prior year, though net working capital days improved by nine days. With expected lower volumes and fewer supply chain disruptions this year, we anticipate working capital as a percent of sales to continue to improve and be approximately 16.5% at year-end compared to 17.4% in 2022. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately 500,000 shares for $25 million. We continue to execute on our disciplined capital allocation strategy and anticipate deploying approximately $500 million to share repurchases and acquisitions for the full year. With the pending acquisition of Sauna360 for approximately 125 million, we expect to deploy up to $350 million for share repurchases for the full year. Now let's turn to Slide 11 for our updated outlook for the year. For Masco overall, our top line is developing largely as expected, and we still expect sales to decline approximately 10%. However, with our strong first half execution and margin performance, we now expect full year margins to be approximately 16%, increased from our previous guide of approximately 15%. In our Plumbing segment, we expect 2023 sales to be down in the range of 10% to 12%, narrowed from our previous expectation of down 10% to 14%. We now anticipate the full year Plumbing margins will be approximately 17%, increased from our previous guide of approximately 16%. In our Decorative Architectural segment, we expect 2023 sales to be down in the range of 8% to 10%, narrowed from our previous range of down 5% to 10%. We anticipate the full year Decorative Architectural margin to be approximately 17%, increased from our previous guidance of approximately 16%. Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, thanks to our strong execution, our 2023 EPS estimate is now $3.50 to $3.65 per share, up from our previous guide of $3.10 to $3.40. This assumes a 226 million average diluted share count for the year and a 24% effective tax rate. Additional modeling assumptions for 2023 can be found on Slide 14 of our earnings deck. With that, I'd like to open the call for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from John Lovallo of UBS. Please go ahead.
John Lovallo: Good morning guys. Thank you for taking my question. The first one here is it looks like the improved 2023 outlook is really driven by the outperformance in the second quarter with the second half expectations seem to be unchanged. This seems a little bit conservative given the magnitude of the beat in the second quarter. I know you called out, Keith, that maybe some incremental softening in Europe. But just curious, more broadly, what you're seeing that kind of keeps you a little bit more on the conservative side?
Keith Allman: Well, clearly, John, volume is the main driver, and we're seeing a consistent performance in North America, if you will, in terms of against our expectations. We did expect to see somewhat of an increase, if you will, in the slowdown in Europe, and we did see that. So while our first quarter in Europe, I think it was down 3%, we expected that to accelerate as we saw that Europe was lagging a little bit in demand, and that has come to fruition. So when we think about our overall guidance, I'd divide it into a couple of pieces. One, in terms of the overall top line, as expected, it's coming in as we anticipated. So no real change there. I would tell you that our performance and our execution was stronger than expected. And so we had better margin performance coming through in the first half. And so that, I would say, John, are the components of it. We kind of -- as expected on the top line, and a little bit better than expected in terms of our performance.
David Chaika: Hey, John, I would just add to that. Similarly, we do expect continued pressure on volumes in the back half of the year that will weigh on margins as well as additional growth investments. We also have very strong price cost realization in the first half that will -- as we lap most of our price increases, will diminish in the second half. So that's why our second half looks a little more conservative compared to what we put up in the first half.
Q  John Lovallo: Understood. That's a good segue into my second question. Maybe it sounds like you are anniversary-ing most of the price increases. How are you thinking about incremental pricing opportunities across segments as we move into the back half?
A  Keith Allman: Well, that obviously depends on where commodities go. And I think we've demonstrated across our business the ability to get price, thanks to our strong brands, our innovation pipelines, how we service our channels and the value we bring to the consumer. So it really depends on where the costs go. I think when we look at where we've gotten our price, we've gotten this year, I think over the last couple of years, we've gotten in the range of 12% pricing. So pretty significant, obviously, price over the last couple of years. This year already, we've gotten some in spots and certain categories in plumbing where we had to catch up. We've gotten some additional pricing. We've demonstrated price cost neutrality in decorative over time, and we expect that to continue. But really, in terms of the outlook for pricing as we go forward, will depend on where commodities go.
Q  John Lovallo: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Rehaut of JPMorgan.
Q  Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe just to circle back to the prior question, perhaps trying to get a finer point on it. In terms of the guidance and what looks like effectively a reiteration of the back half outlook, in the second quarter and I think for the year overall, the top line doesn't look like it -- the top line outlook doesn't look like it's changed that much. You did have great margin performance in the second quarter though. And it looks like effectively, you're not necessarily expecting that better-than-expected margin performance to continue into the back half. So I'm just trying to understand, number one, if that's correct. And number two, specifically on the margin side, and I understand your outlook on the top line remains relatively unchanged, but what perhaps is different about what you were able to achieve in the second quarter given that the sales more or less came in line with expectations that might not follow through fully into the back half in terms of the better-than-expected margin performance?
A  Keith Allman: I'd point to three things, Mike. Firstly, as Dave mentioned in the last question, we do expect to continue to have topline volume pressures as we go forward. As expected, Europe has softened and we continue to see the steady, if you will, softness in North America. So, volume is the biggest driver of it. Secondly, we enjoyed year-over-year pricing benefit in the first half and that will fairly quickly go away as we get into the second half and lap the biggest chunks of the price increases that we came -- that we put in, in 2022. So, that lapping at the price is a big factor. And then thirdly as we consistently talked about, we're going to continue to invest in our business. Now, we're making and watching our spend very carefully, but we're committed to investing to win in the recovery and to continue to gain share when we have some of these challenging topline areas. So, investing in our Plumbing business and making sure that we have our capacity in the right spot with regards to our European plant that's coming online and investing in our Decorative Architectural business with regards to continuing to build capabilities and to continue to drive above-market growth in PRO paint, getting our capacity right with our new facility in Central Ohio. And as I said, we're starting to distribute out of that. And shortly, we'll be manufacturing liquids and paint out of that building. So, we're continuing to invest in our business, and that's some incremental headwinds as we look forward. So, those are the three main drivers with, for sure, volume being the main one.
David Chaika: Hey Mike, it's Dave. I'll just add to that. We also are bringing online our European Plumbing manufacturing plant. That will be a little bit of headwind here in the second half as well. And then also, as we've mentioned in the prepared remarks, the negative mix impact we're seeing in international is probably a little greater than we originally viewed coming into the year, which accounts for again the second half being a little bit softer.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. No, no, that's helpful. I appreciate that extra color, I guess, there. Secondly, maybe just to shift to the paint segment. The performance in PRO, in particular, is impressive given the strength of the year-ago comp. And I was hoping maybe to kind of maybe take a step back and give me an overview in terms of where you are. I think you've kind of noted that following the move last year, the PRO paint business is around $900 million, I think, in 2022, maybe it's a little bit less this year. But just where you think the opportunities are going forward for that business? And if you could remind us if that's a similar margin business as DIY or maybe a little bit above and how you see the relative growth opportunity there?
Keith Allman: Michael, I think the opportunity is to continue to drive full loyalty. That's a loyal group. And over the past three years, we have gained significant confidence and, of course, significant share when you look at our growth versus the market. So, we very closely monitor customer experience with our product. And it's clear when we look at Net Promoter Scores and other metrics that they're very satisfied with the switch that they have made to either greater share of wallet or trying Behr for the first time. So, it's really about continuing to stay focused as we have, frankly, for the last decade on improving month-over-month, quarter-over-quarter, our capabilities in the service and generating greater loyalty. So, things like buy online and pick up in store, an expansion of our delivery options, our PRO outside sales force, continuing to figure out ways that we can work more closely together with the folks at The Home Depot to drive better loyalty, enhancing our actual loyalty programs, so things of that nature. Our capacity is also a component of that as we saw when we're able to provide outstanding delivery in spite of what happens in the supply chain, that's a big plus for us. And so that's part and parcel of the rationale for our new plant in Ohio. So enhancing our services, identifying new capabilities, focus on the PRO, strengthening our relationship every day with The Home Depot, that's really the story.
David Chaika: And Mike, on the margin front, it is a little bit lower margin than our core business because we do have additional resources behind it, mainly additional people and PRO sales reps, both outside the store and inside the store to provide the level of service that the PRO painter demands as well as additional loyalty programs that Keith mentioned. So it is a little bit of a lower-margin business, but still very good margin. And as we continue to grow that, we'd expect that gap to close.
Michael Rehaut: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Stephen Kim, Evercore. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim: Yes. Thanks very much, guys. Sorry, about that. Thanks very much guys. Yes, wondering if I follow-up here a little bit on the price/cost commentary. It sounds like you saw some benefit this quarter in terms of price/cost. I'm curious as to whether or not you're including an improving outlook for price/cost in your margins forecast for Plumbing. And in general, are you still expecting to see a return to market growth in late 2023? If you could just sort of update us on your market outlook, particularly as it relates to Plumbing.
Keith Allman: I'll take that last part first, Stephen. We're not going to be offering up, at this point, our view on 2024. But we do believe that this is a relatively short-term dip and that this recovery will happen more sooner than later, but we're not going to get into specifics of 2023 at this point. In terms of your question on price/cost benefit, are you really asking a question regarding our view on commodities?
Stephen Kim: Really more like just the net of price and cost in the Plumbing segment. I think you already talked about the anniversarying pricing in Dec Arch. But within Plumbing, I'm curious broadly for the segment, is your outlook for margins in the back half in plumbing informed by an improving view of net price/cost?
Keith Allman: We're going to lap the majority of our prices in the back half of the year. So we have, certainly, have seen an improvement in the first half. And we'll be netting the -- or lapping the majority of our price increases that we've given in really coming here in the third quarter, soon in the third quarter. And then we had another -- a couple of incremental price increases late in the year. So we'll have a little bit of net impact. But that -- the impact of price/cost is going to certainly be less in the second half. 
Stephen Kim: Okay. That's helpful. And then second question, still staying with Plumbing, you talked about mix effect. I think it was relegated to -- your comments were relegated to international at this point. My recollection is that last quarter, you actually also started to see a little bit of mix impact, negative mix effect in Plumbing. So, I'm curious if you could provide a little bit more detail around what you're seeing. Did it intensify -- is it is it intensifying in international? Is it spreading in any way into North America as well? And is there any kind of margin impact that we should anticipate as a result from negative mix shift in plumbing?
David Chaika: Hey Stephen, it's Dave. I'll take that one. On the negative mix in international, it's really a function of countries. Our core European markets, which tend to be higher price point products, are softening a little bit more than some of our international markets. So, we have more of a geographic mix impact. It might have a little bit of trade down that we're seeing in our core European markets, but for the most part, it's more of the geographic impact on the international side. Here domestically, we're not seeing a lot of trade down. We have a little bit of mix impact in the segment from our spa business and really more of a function of us pulling back on our lower price point, more mass or retail-oriented products last year as we work through our backlog. But as we got through our backlog in the spa business to turn back on that, the retail portion or opening price point of our spa business, so we've had a little bit of impact here in North America. But broadly speaking, we haven't seen a whole lot of trade down across our other product categories.
Keith Allman: I think with our reconfigured portfolio of lower-ticket products, I think that really helps to mitigate the large swings that you may see in bigger-ticket items.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Any margin impact from mix?
Keith Allman: Yes, there will be a little bit, but not much.
Stephen Kim: Okay, great. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Bouley of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Matthew Bouley: Hey morning guys. Thank you for taking the questions. Apologies if I missed it, but in Decorative, you had DIY only down low single digits in the quarter, so a little bit better than your full year guide previously, but then you still reduced the full year revenue guide for the segment. So, just maybe just speak a little bit what sort of drove that DIY result in the quarter and what changed in your full year outlook in spite of that? Thank you.
David Chaika: Hey, Matt, it's Dave. In the DIY business, we did see continuing softening throughout the quarter. And I think we expect that to continue here in the back half of the year when you look at existing home sales, that tends to have a higher correlation with DIY paint in many of our other product categories and with existing home turnover being down roughly 20%, we anticipate DIY in the back half of the year probably being a little softer than we originally anticipated.
Keith Allman: So, for the full year, that would put our DIY business expected to decrease in the high single-digits.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Understood. Thanks for that. And then secondly, on that new paint facility, I guess just one, are there any start-up costs associated with that as well into the second half of next year? And just higher level on that, curious if you could speak to sort of what this does for Masco around service levels. Where did you see room for improvement? Could it lead to additional shelf space wins or PRO expansion? Just kind of any additional longer-term expectations that might arise out of that new paint facility. Thanks.
David Chaika: Hey Matt, I'll take the cost side and maybe Keith can take the second part of that question. But on the cost side, there will be some start-up costs here in the back half of the year, probably a little bit in the first half, but mainly in the back half of this year as we really ramp up the distribution and the manufacturing capacity.
A  Keith Allman: Matt, if you think about the success that we've had in our paint business, it really goes down to the relationship that we have with our channel partner, The Home Depot, and our ability to provide innovation and service to our customers and the consumers that purchase Behr. And the basis of that is really focus and the fact that everything we do is focused on that Home Depot customer and on our supply chain around those outstanding Home Depot point of sale. And so what this new facility does, is it gives us the capacity to be able to maintain industry-leading delivery performance. It gives us the logistical costs and ties in very tightly to where our consumers want to buy, and it really hones in our ability to provide that ongoing service.
Matthew Bouley: Great. Thanks, Keith. Thank, Dave. Good luck guys.
A  Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Susan Maklari of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My first question is in plumbing, you mentioned that you saw some in the wholesale side relative to some more weakness on retail there. Can you just give us a bit of color on, how you're thinking about the inventory levels across the channels? And any commentary on sell-in versus sell-out as we think about the second half?
A  Keith Allman: Yes, it's been pretty consistent, Sue. There's obviously various customers who have different inventory policies based on how they want to run their business. And we work very closely with them. So there are some idiosyncrasies based on different customers. But when we look broadly across the wholesale channel, really across both wholesale and retail, but talking specifically to wholesale now, the sell-in has been very close to the sell-out. And so we are not seeing and nor do we expect any significant changes in terms of an inventory headwind or tailwind or destocking or restocking. We think it's in pretty good shape, it being the inventory levels relative to the demand patterns we're seeing.
Susan Maklari: Okay. And then on your raws, you mentioned that you are starting to see some relief on the Decorative Architectural side of things. Can you just talk about across both Plumbing and Dec Arch, how you're thinking about the commodity cost and the input cost and how that may flow through over the next several quarters and maybe into next year?
A  Keith Allman: Sure. I think in terms of inflation, we would say that it peaked back in the second quarter of '22, and it's kind of moderated sequentially since then. We have not seen much deflation at this point. Certainly, container costs have come down off their peaks, and that's helped our freight. But most other costs have remained, I would say, elevated. In terms of specific commodities, we have seen some pullback say in Copper at 385 currently. That's below slightly the 2022 average. Zinc has come down below the '22 average, but that really only started last month. So we're not going to see that roll through our P&L and into our cost of goods sold at this point, probably until into '24. So when we think about all-in deflation and plumbing, for example, we call it low single digits for the full year. And by all-in, I mean commodities as well as non-commodity costs like freight, et cetera. So low-digit deflation for the full year. In terms of Decorative, certain paint input costs have moderated sequentially, for example, resins. But others, like TiO2, for example, it's still sticky and at elevated levels. And we did have commodity inflation in the second quarter. So our guide does not have a lot of paint raw deflation built into it. So, all-in for the Deco segment, we're thinking about low single-digit inflation for the full year and that's after we expect some low single-digit deflation in the second half. So, all-in for Masco, the enterprise, we're looking at inflation or deflation basically to be flat for the total company.
Susan Maklari: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you. Good luck with everything.
Keith Allman: Thanks.
David Chaika: Thanks Susan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Mike Dahl of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mike Dahl: Morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Keith on the Plumbing comment in terms of you're driving that business to get back to that at least 2019 levels, which was a little above 18%, and I think for five, six years, you were traveling somewhere in the 18%, if not a little bit better. It seems like you've kind of gotten the work done on price/cost more or less. Is it really just a question of when do the volumes come back as far as getting to that 18%, or what other drivers do you think you can pull or need to pull to get back there or higher?
Keith Allman: Mike, as you know, we're always focused on driving total cost productivity, continuous improvement on a day-to-day basis, better negotiation with our suppliers. And we're driving our service proposition to continue to push profitable mix as winning Showroom Supplier of the Year from a significant wholesaler shows that we're doing just that. So, there's other levers to pull to continue to drive on a day-to-day basis margin enhancement, and we're doing that. But clearly, with our strong innovation and brands and the ability for us to price and get that drop down in, say, that 25%, 30%, the biggest lever is incremental volume. .
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay. And then just sticking with Plumbing, can you give us a little more color on the new acquisition, Sauna360? It sounds European-based, but just a little more color on maybe geographies, products, relative size, or profitability?
Keith Allman: Sure. I'll begin by saying that we believe in our wellness business. We believe in it because it has an outstanding team. It's a great brand, a great set of brands, and we have an inherent tailwind in North America in particular here, but globally, as it relates to wellness and the mental and physical health aspects of living better and utilizing machines like we have and brands like we have to get that done. So, we like the space. And this is a small bolt-on acquisition. It's consistent with our capital allocation and our acquisition strategy to have smaller bolt-ons in paint and plumbing where we can drive leverage, and this does just that. It's a sauna company based in Finland. The cost of this was 125 million. The leverage that we intend to use, not only is our operational capabilities and continuous improvement in our production system, but fundamentally, our dealer network for Watkins that we have in North America. And we've demonstrated the ability to do this as we ventured into, frankly, when we went into a different brand originally with hot tubs, and then when we went into swim spas, and now in to saunas. And so this fits very nicely with our overall strategy and with the capabilities and improvements that we can bring to the business. We pay less than Masco's multiple. It's small. It will add about 1% of growth overall, modestly accretive to EPS. It's a smaller bolt-on. It's not in our guidance since we haven't closed yet. We're going to fund it out of cash on hand, maybe a little bit of short-term borrowing. But we're excited about how this can leverage our dealer network, how it continues to keep us in the forefront with things to talk about and to sell and build our brands. And this team is going to handle it very well.
Mike Dahl: Great. Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Truman Patterson of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Truman Patterson: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Truman.
Truman Patterson: Hey, good morning. When I look at your first half performance, right, revenue is being in line with your expectations but margin was much better in each of your segments to start the year. I'm really just trying to understand what's been the driver of this op margin performance. Was it a little bit better pricing environment, some cost-out initiatives or lower investments you know, maybe some accelerated cost afflation etcetera. What were kind of the big drivers of that?
David Chaika: Hey, Truman. Its David. yeah, I think you hit on three of the four. It was better price realization, better cost out, and really improving our operational efficiencies. The one that really wasn't as significant as we expected was deflation. As Keith mentioned, we have seen some deflation, but that really wasn't above what we expected, especially when you consider the length of our supply chains and visibility. You know, we sort of had a pretty good understanding of what the deflation impact might be in the second quarter. So it really came down to the productivity improvements and better price realization that drove the strong performance in 2Q.
Truman Patterson: There's nothing one time in nature on those kind of internal productivity improvements, where they couldn't continue into the back half a year. Is there?
David Chaika: No, nothing really one time, you know, nice improvements. I would say there's probably a little bit of timing on expenses that probably got pushed out in the second half of the year as well. So I'm going to call that a one-time event, but it did contribute to the strong performance in 2Q.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Got you. And then, you know, in certain, categories we heard of in the U.S. specifically, we heard of a little bit of demand improvement in the back part of the second quarter. Just trying to understand across any of your channels or product categories, if you all in the US saw any sort of kind of stability or improvement.
David Chaika: It was pretty, pretty consistent throughout the quarter.
Truman Patterson: Okay. All right. Thank you all.
David Chaika: Thanks, Truman.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Ahlersmeyer of Deutsche Bank.
Joseph Ahlersmeyer: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for the question. Just maybe a quick housekeeping item. Can you talk about your performance in lighting and hardware either year-to-date or in each of the first couple of quarters of the year?
Keith Allman: These businesses really have been impacted by the market softness as all of our businesses have. I'd say that for Q2, they were down in that 20% range. We expect them -- they've taken price. We're working on cost actions as we are across the entire portfolio. I would say that to expect these businesses to perform roughly in line with our low double-digit volume decline expectations of the R&R market.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Understood. Thanks. And then just thinking about the back half guide, looking at your second quarter margins relative that the third quarter is likely to be down more year-over-year, likely to hit those margins a little more than the fourth quarter?
David Chaika: Hey Joe, it's Dave. I think you're more likely to see the typical margin seasonality stronger margins in Q3 compared to Q4. Q4 tends to be a lower margin quarter in general with lower volume. I think in terms of year-over-year, we do expect year-over-year expansion probably less -- more modest year-over-year expansion here in 3Q from what we saw clearly in 2Q. Then considering our comp in Q4 of 2022, probably a little bit more year-over-year expansion in Q4.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: So, expansion in both of those quarters at the consolidated level on operating margin?
David Chaika: Correct.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Philip Ng of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Philip Ng: Hey guys. Congrats on a really strong quarter.
Keith Allman: Hi Phil.
Philip Ng: For me, I guess, first question, on Plumbing North America, any color how the business performed, if you kind of flushed out the spa business because I think you have some tougher comps and potentially some destock? When does that kind of level off? I believe Keith you called out some relative weakness in the home center versus the PRO channel. Can you give a little more color on what's driving the relative difference in the two channels?
Keith Allman: Yes. If I said that, I misspoke. I would say, if anything, probably was a little bit stronger. I think that has to do with some project backlogs working through the system. But not -- I wouldnt mean to heavily enter that, its just maybe a slight better performance in PRO versus DIY. So, I want to clear that. Could you, Phil, ask me the second part of that question?
Philip Ng: The first part was really more on any color on how the North American Plumbing business performed ex the spa business? Because I think that part was a little more challenging. It would be helpful to remind us what those comparison headwinds kind of, did you guys lap that spa?
Keith Allman: Still seeing -- you know in North America, we saw -- really earlier we saw the volume start to turn down. So, volume and topline challenged in Europe. Europe was down only about 3% in Q1 and then started to accelerate as expected. So, we're in both North America and Europe in Plumbing, we're experiencing volume challenges. I would say very solid execution. We're really driving good price/cost realization, getting our supply chain back in tune and providing the service levels and the productivity and cost efficiency. That was a real driver. So, when we think about our performance versus expectation as we said earlier in the call, not kind of where we expect it to be, but our performance particularly in plumbing is better than expected. We quickly got after the cost, were driving productivity, and the team is doing a great job in both North America and Europe.
Philip Ng: Okay. That's helpful. And perhaps a question for Dave. I mean, a lot of questions today on the relative performance in the back half on margins, maybe fading a little bit versus the first half. You called out maybe some expense getting pushed out, modest expense getting pushed out in the back half and some investments that will funnel through. Can you help size some of those headwinds that we should account for to better appreciate the margin progression through the year?
David Chaika: Yeah. I'm not going to size them up, Phil, but just enough to contribute to a little bit lower margin performance in the second half as compared to first half, we're talking growth investments in PRO representatives for paints. It could be a little bit of additional marketing compared to the first half. But beyond that, just a little bit of a headwind on the margin side.
Philip Ng: Okay. Appreciate the color guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Adam Baumgarten of Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, good morning everyone. Just on the paint side, one of your large competitors is expecting a high single-digit decline in raw materials, and you guys are out looking at low single-digit inflation. Just curious maybe what the difference may be there if it's timing or different formulations, just if you could give a little more color on that?
Keith Allman: When we talk about low inflation, that includes everything, all-in, in the cost basket. Specifically to your question that on raw's, yeah there's different levels of vertical integration, some different supply chains that are used. So there's differences to how we manufacture and certainly a difference in the distribution cost structure and how we go to market. So there's a couple of big differences there.
David Chaika: Yeah. I think it's probably more a function of timing depending on how vertically integrated we are compared to others, and what inputs are actually buying compared to overall formulations. A little bit of the difference could be accounted for in the inventory, accounting practice as well as Life FIFO. We're all FIFO here at Masco.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And then just maybe any update on the promotional environment in the paint aisle at this point, just given the softness in DIY?
Keith Allman: Yeah. In general, I'd say the level of promotions industry-wide has been moderate and somewhat similar to last year. We are seeing some more selective events and promotions on certain items. We, obviously, work with our partner on events and promotions that we think will drive and help profitable sales. But ultimately, it's our channel partners' decision on the promotional environment. But Id say its similar to maybe a little bit in spotty cases a little bit in essence specific promotions as I imagine a little bit more, but not terribly.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Thanks. Best of luck.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Garik Shmois of Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more just on what you're seeing from the consumer. I think you mentioned that you're expecting the downturn to be a shallower than previously anticipated, but then DIY is also expected to be a little bit softer just because of the lower levels of housing turnover. So any additional color on where you think the consumers have at this point would be great 
David Chaika: Hey, Garik, it's Dave. Yeah, I'd say it's a little -- our read is sort of choppy. The consumer seems to be strong. Clearly, when you look at spend across industries, the consumer seems to be spending in other industries such as travel and leisure, and you've seen those industries pick up significantly this year, a little more pullback in home improvement spending probably as affordability has been pinched a little bit as rates have risen. So the consumer, we think, is still very interested in investing in their homes, especially as home equity levels remain high, but we have seen a little bit of a pullback. And I'd characterize it as a bit choppy and a bit uneven overall, but still think the consumer seems to be pretty healthy.
Garik Shmois: Okay, GOT it. Follow-up question is just on the M&A environment. Just more broadly, has the pipeline changed at all? You're announcing the Sauna360 deal. Are other opportunities maybe consistent in size and in theme with that acquisition, or are there any chunkier opportunities out there?
David Chaika: Garik, I'd say the -- our pipeline has not changed. Clearly, the M&A environment has changed, as we've talked about, definitely has been slower over the past year or so, less opportunities coming to market. Sellers clearly see that some buyers might not be as competitive, so they pulled back, plus they don't want to potentially sell off weaker earnings. So definitely a slower M&A environment, but our outlook and our focus on bolt-on acquisitions has not changed, and we continue to cultivate some nice opportunities.
Garik Shmois: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Keith Hughes at Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Question on PRO paint. You've had just a tremendous  you and Home Depot had a tremendous share gaining on with PRO paint. And as you said, in the prepared statements is kind of leveling out here a little bit. I guess, what's the next step in PRO paint?? Is there more products, more services you can offer the PRO paint, or where do you and your partner expect to go with this?
Keith Allman: It's really about service, Keith. It's 10 years ago when we started this, we made a list of the things that we could do to improve the service for the PRO painter. We have tweaked what's in the can, in some light cases, but fundamentally, we believe we have the brand and the innovation and the right price points to be successful. We've got a great partner in terms of the distribution channel. So it's really about service. So it's about understanding what the PRO needs and scaling that up and making sure we're delivering that across the entire market. So as I've mentioned before, different delivery options that they like, better loyalty programs, more improved service, it's a lot of keeping on to what we've been doing and continuing to drive it, and it's worked. It's certainly -- the COVID situation and our ability to supply got our product in a lot more hands of the builders. And we saw tremendous Net Promoter Scores, so they like it. So it's a matter of staying focused and continuing to drive incremental improvements in service and to continue to grow at a greater clip than the market.
Keith Hughes: Okay, great. Thank you.
Renee Benedict: We'd like to thank you all for joining us on the call this morning and for your interest in Masco. That concludes today's call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 07:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. My name is Michelle, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
David Chaika: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2023 first quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We have described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. I'm pleased with the start of our year and want to thank our employees and supplier-partners for executing well in an environment that remains challenging. We are focused on winning in the recovery by continuing to engage with our customers, launch new products and expand the breadth of our brands, at the same time, managing our costs in these uncertain economic times. In this period of volatile macroeconomics and slowing demand, our top line decreased 10% in the first quarter against a strong 12% comp. Volume was down 14%, partially offset by pricing actions of 6% while operating profit declined in the quarter, primarily due to the lower volume, higher input costs, and continued investments for future growth. Our strong execution delivered a decremental margin of approximately 20%. Our earnings per share for the quarter was $0.87. Turning to our segments, Plumbing sales declined 8% in local currency with North American and International Plumbing declining 10% and 3% respectively. Both our North American and International Plumbing businesses continue to further strengthen their industry leading brands, customer service and new product development. In North American Plumbing Delta Faucet launched new products at the Kitchen and Bath industry show, such as the Delta Shower Sense Digital Shower, and the Delta Steam Shower, each offering consumers a more customizable shower experience. In our Spa business, Watkins Wellness launched a complete redesign of its top selling HotSpring's Highrise offering. These spas have exciting new features to enhance the consumer experience that we believe will help Watkins outperform the competition even in the challenging market. In our International Plumbing business, Hansgrohe launched new products at ISH, the world's leading plumbing trade show, including a new product portfolio of sanitary ceramics and bathroom furniture paired with their premium faucets and showers. Additionally, they introduced the next generation of their in-wall iBox valve, which allows installers to connect any type of plumbing fixture without the need for major construction work. Hansgrohe also displayed their focus on the environment with a concept study of a bathroom that consumes 90% less water and energy, highlighting their commitment to the development of innovative and sustainable products. With our strong brands, geographic diversity, and innovative products, our Plumbing segment is well positioned to continue to gain global market share. Turning to our Decorative Architectural segment, sales declined 10% in the quarter against a strong 17% comp. PRO paint declined mid-single digits against a tremendous comp of over 50% in the quarter of 2022, and DIY paint sales declined high single digits. In the quarter, Behr continued to launch new products and services and received recognition for their industry-leading customer satisfaction. We gained shelf space with our adjacent paint categories such as aerosols, interior stains, caulks and sealants, and applicators as these programs expanded into additional stores. We launched Behr Dynasty Exterior for the summer painting season, expanding the lineup of our number one rated Dynasty paint line, and we continued to invest in people and capabilities to better serve the PRO painter by adding additional sales reps, increasing job site delivery capabilities and expanding our loyalty programs. Lastly, in a recent third-party paint satisfaction study, Behr earned the number one rating in the exterior paint category and the number two rating in interior paint, demonstrating the strength of the Behr brand, quality of our products, and our exceptional service performance. Turning to capital allocation, with our strong free cash flow and balance sheet, we returned $121 million to the shareholders through dividends and share repurchases as we bought back 1.1 million shares for $56 million in the quarter. Now turning to our outlook for the remainder of 2023, while we delivered solid first quarter results, we remain cautious and continue to expect softening demand trends in 2023 as our markets adjust to increasing interest rates, persistent inflation, and tighter consumer spending. In this uncertain environment, we are focused on adjusting our costs and minimizing the impact of margins from lower volumes. We have enacted select hiring freezes and have reduced staffing with headcount down approximately 5% year-over-year. We announced the closure of one of our plumbing manufacturing facilities, and we have delayed the opening of our new Spa plant as we continue to balance investing to win in the recovery with cost reductions. With the actions we are taking to address this dynamic environment, our continued strong capital deployment and the uncertain macroeconomics, we continue to anticipate earnings per share for 2023 to be in the range of $3.10 to $3.40 per share. While near-term market conditions remain challenging, we believe the long-term fundamentals of our repair and remodel markets are strong. Those cyclical factors, such as home price appreciation and existing home turnover, will likely remain a headwind for 2023. We believe structural factors such as consumers staying in their homes longer, the age of housing stock, and high home equity levels will drive increased repair and remodel activity in the years to follow.
KILZ: Our products are found everywhere consumers want to shop. We are able to leverage consumer and customer insights across all channels. This drives powerful innovation as evidenced by our 25% vitality index and leading customer satisfaction as evidenced by numerous customer satisfaction and service awards. And through the execution of our Masco operating system, we look to drive operating margin expansion through cross productivity and volume leverage. As demonstrated in the first quarter, we will continue to invest in our brands, capabilities and people, to outperform the competition in both the near and long-term. With favorable fundamentals for our portfolio of low ticket repair and remodel oriented products, and our continued focus on executing our growth strategy, together with our strong free cash flow and capital deployment, we are positioned to drive shareholder value creation for the long-term. Before I turn the call over to John, I wanted to take a moment to thank him for his over 27 years of service to Masco. He has been an invaluable partner, not only to me, but the entire organization, our Board, and the investment community during his tenure with the company. He will be missed and we wish John all the best in his future endeavors. John will be leaving us at the end of May and we are in the process of selecting his successor. We have strong internal candidates and have engaged a search firm to assist in conducting a thorough external search as well. While we complete this process, Dave Chaika, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations, has been appointed as our Interim CFO. Dave has over 20 years' experience with the company, starting in our M&A department, and progressively adding additional responsibilities including treasury, risk management, financial planning and analysis, and investor relations. Additionally, prior to Masco, Dave was a Vice President in the commercial banking industry and an officer in the U.S. Navy. Now for the final time, I'll turn the call over to John to go over our first quarter results and 2023 outlook in more detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning everyone. As Dave mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization in other one-time items. Turning to Slide 7, sales in the quarter decreased 10% and excluding currency decreased 9%. Lower volumes decreased sales by 14%, partially offset by net selling prices of 6%. North American sales decreased 10% in a local currency. International sales decreased 3%. Despite lower volume our strong execution in the quarter resulted in our gross margins expanding 150 basis points to 33.6%. This is the first time in seven quarters that we've expanded gross margins as we are now recovering the significant cost inflation we have absorbed over the past two years. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales was 17.8% due to higher brand and marketing investments such as trade shows and sales meetings to support our growth strategy of investing in our brands, service and innovation. Operating profit in the first quarter was $312 million and operating margin was 15.8%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes, higher input costs and growth investments partially offset by higher net selling prices. Lastly, our EPS in the quarter was $0.87. Turning to Slide 8, Plumbing sales in the quarter decreased 10% against the 9% count and excluding currency decreased 8%. Lower volume, decreased sales by 12%, partially offset by net selling prices, which increased sales by 5%. North American Plumbing sales decreased 10% in local currency. This was driven by continued lower demand that we started to experience in the third quarter of last year. The slower demand was fairly broad based across product categories and channels. Our Spa business, which is approximately 15% of the segment, declined over 20%. That has now worked through the significant backlog generated from the spike in demand for its products. International Plumbing sales decreased 3% in local currency against an 18% comp as demand softened in many European markets and China. For plumbing overall changes in channel inventory positions during the quarter did not significantly impact our results. Segment operating profit in the first quarter was $202 million with an operating margin of 16.5%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes, higher brand and marketing investments, partially offset by higher net selling prices. This resulted in a decremental margin of 19%. While input costs have declined from their peak levels, particularly container costs, overall input costs remain elevated. Turning to Slide 9, Decorative Architectural sales decreased 10% for the first quarter against the strong 17% comp. Paint sales declined high single digits with PRO paint sales decreasing mid-single digits against the robust comp of over 50% in the first quarter of 2022. DIY paint sales declining high single digits. Keith mentioned we gained shelf space with our adjacent product offerings such as aerosols, interior stains, caulks and sealants and applicators. For PRO paint we are investing along with our partner in our joint capabilities to continue to grow share in this large and growing market. Lastly, our operating profit was $133 million and operating margin was 17.6%.
TiO2,: Turning to Slide 10, our balance sheet remains strong with net debt EBITDA at 2.2 times at the end of the quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.3 billion of balance sheet liquidity. Working capital as a percent of sales has declined 100 basis points and 19.1% in a net 13-day reduction. With an improvement in working capital, net cash from operating activities was $33 million and an improvement of $260 million compared to prior year. With expected lower volumes and less supply chains disruptions this year, we anticipate working capital as a percent of sales to continue to improve and be approximately $16.5% at year end. During the first quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million shares for $56 million, returned $65 million to shareholders through dividends. As we discussed on our fourth quarter call, we anticipate deploying approximately $500 million towards share purchases or acquisitions for the full year with activity likely more weighted to the second half of the year. Lastly, we have retired the $200 million remaining on our term loan that matures today by borrowing on our revolver. We will likely repay outstanding borrowings on our revolver during the third quarter. Now let's turn to Slide 11 and review our outlook for the year. We had a better then planned start to the year; however, we believe the delayed impact of rising rates, tighter credit and lower consumer spending in the face of persistent inflation have yet to fully play out in the economy. With these uncertain times as the backdrop, we are maintaining our full year outlook at this time. For Masco overall, we are planning for volumes to be down in the low double digit range, partially offset by low single digit pricing. Based on this assumption, we expect 2023 sales to decline approximately 10% with operating margins of approximately 15%. At this time, currency is projected to have a minimal impact on our 2023 results. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales trended below normal levels during the pandemic. However, as we continued to invest in our business for future growth, while maintaining cost discipline, we expect this percentage to increase back to a more normalized pre-pandemic level to be around 17.5% for 2023. As always, we will take appropriate actions to address our costs as the year develops based on market conditions. In our Plumbing segment, we expect 2023 sales to decline in the range of 10% to 14%. We anticipate the full year plumbing margins will be roughly flat with 2022 segment margins at approximately 16%. Lower volumes and plant set up costs will impact margins with favorable selling pricing increases partially offsetting these headwinds. In our Decorative Architectural segment, we expect 2023 sales to decline in the range of 5% to 10%. Looking specifically at paint for 2023, we currently anticipate our DIY paint to decrease high single digits and our PRO paint business to decrease mid-single digits as we recycle over 25% paint growth, propane growth in 2022. We anticipate full year Decorative Architectural margin to be approximately 16%. This is largely due to our significant pricing actions in this segment and typically will recover the dollar amount of inflation. As a result, all else equal, operating profit dollars remain neutral from cost recovery pricing actions for results in margin compression. We are also planning on increased investment in people and capabilities in 2023 to drive future growth in our PRO paint business, that will have a greater impact in the coming quarters. Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, our 2023 EPS estimate remains $3.10 to $3.40. This assumes a $226 million average diluted share count for the year and a 24% effective tax rate. Additional modeling assumptions for 2023 can be found on Slide 14 in our earnings deck. Before I conclude, I want to take a moment to thank Keith for his 10 years of partnership, our board and the entire Masco team for everything over the last 27 years. Leaving Masco is bittersweet for me. I look forward to keeping in touch with my friends and colleagues here and watching the company's continued growth and success. Dave is a very capable executive. We have worked together for more than 20 years, and I know the finance team won't miss a beat under a steady leadership in his new role as Interim CFO, and I'm proud of everything that we have accomplished together at Masco and wish the team the best of luck in the future. With that I'd like to open the call for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Matthew Bouley at Barclays. Please go ahead.
Matthew Bouley: Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking the questions and I just want to pass along my best wishes to John. So just on the overall margin outlook, given your first quarter margins came in ahead of the full year guide, previously you guys had spoken to sequential margin improvement across the business, and so now the guide mathematically implies lower margins for the balance of the year. So my question is, is that just conservatism? Is there still a path to sequential margin improvement in either segments or is there something out there that could still take margins lower? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Hey, Matthew, this is Keith. I'll start off and John, maybe you could add some detail. I think when we, when you think about margin and our performance vis--vis the outlook, it's really driven by volume. And as we've talked in the past, volume, incremental volumes, detrimental volumes are in around that 30%, 30% to 35% range. So that is a fundamental driver of what's happening to our margins. Additionally, as I talked in my prepared remarks, we endeavor to strike a balance here of managing our costs in these uncertain times, and we've demonstrated our ability to do that thus far and we'll continue to do that, but it's also important that we continue to invest in our business. So you'll see continued investments in marketing and advertising. For example, this quarter, we had two significant trade shows, which when added up our material investments for us that haven't happened in many years. We're getting together more as an organization in terms of sales meetings to continue to drive. So there's additional investments on top of the headwind that we plan on experiencing from lower volumes. And then there's pricing actions that counter that and we'll take, we have taken pricing and we'll see those anniversary here mainly in the second quarter, then a little bit into the third quarter. But so hopefully that gives you a little bit of an idea of what's driving our thoughts on the margins as we look to the year.
John Sznewajs: And Matt, maybe to just add a little bit of color, further color to Keith's comments. Our prior statement was really that we would see sequential year-over-year improvement every quarter as we go through the year. And so, and what we intended to convey was that Q2, Q1 of this year would be better than Q1 of last year, et cetera, et cetera, as the year rolled out. And so as we look at our margins going forward, the back half of the year margins get a little, the comps get a little bit easier because we, you know, margins declined particularly in the fourth quarter. And so we think we can get there for each of the subsequent quarters from here, but yes, it will be lower than where we're at here in the Q1.
Matthew Bouley: Gotcha. Okay, yes thanks. Thanks John for that clarification and thanks Keith. So second question, you mentioned in Decorative that there were some shelf space wins in your adjacent categories. I'm just curious if you can kind of put a little finer detail on that. Any color around kind of load in or was there a margin impact from that in the Decorative business?
Keith Allman: We're not going to get into the specifics on the load end of the margin on these is very good. I think it's good business for us. We've been working with our partner, the Home Depot on caulks and sealants, applicators, stains, some of the products that we've talked about and as evidenced by the fact that we're rolling it out to additional stores, it's working, and it's really a tribute to the Behr brand and the team out at Behr and their execution, so good business for us. It's building. Clearly the main portion of our business obviously is in the liquids, but this is good and it's been a strategic effort for the team and it's successful.
Matthew Bouley: All right, thanks Keith. Good luck guys.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from John Lovallo at UBS. Please go ahead.
John Lovallo: Good morning guys, and thank you for taking my questions. Maybe just dovetailing off of Matt's question there, I mean, 15.8% margin in the first quarter, 2Q and 3Q are generally well above the first quarter and the full year outlook is 15%. I mean, I know we're only through the first quarter, but maybe if you could help us frame the sort of the upside and downside case there. I mean, let's say that demand stays relatively flat from where it is today, I mean, where could those margins actually shake out?
John Sznewajs: Yes, John, maybe I'll start and Keith feel free to chime in. So John as you know, kind of Keith alluded to answering Matt's question, we did deliver some strong performance in Q1 and obviously the 6% price helped, and this Keith also just referenced. A lot of that pricing benefit starts to subside as you go through the year. I mean, we'll say have some benefit in Q2 because that's been a lot of the pricing got initiated, but that benefit will really subside pretty significantly as you go into the back half the year. So with that benefit going away, that will have some impact on margins. And Keith also mentioned that we do expect you know, volumes to be pressured this year. If you think about the strong comps we're up against here in the first half the year volumes were softer in the back half of the year last year. So we continue to expect that down. So with overall our 10% guide to the top line being down, I think that weighs on it. And then we've got some additional investments that we're making. Keith mentioned the fact that we're continuing to invest in programs and initiatives across the entire portfolio, but very specifically in the PRO paint initiative. And kind of the last, kind of headwind we've got and is, we've got a couple of facilities that are starting up in the back half the year that will create some expense headwind to us. So that, all those things are kind of pressuring margins. Now and to your question, volumes remain flat could there be some upside of that? Yes there could be and I expect there to be if volumes remain flat, but that's not the model that we're forecasting at this point. Keith, I don't know if there's anything you
Keith Allman: Yes, I got it. Just to create a little bit. I think the declining volume is the pressure on the margins where we could see some potential upside if we didn't see that volume decline. We had nice execution in the quarter. Our dropdown or decremental is typically in that 30% range, and we've done a pretty good job of that in Q1. And if we can continue to do that, that would be some potential upside. There's always an opportunity for commodity costs to come down. Really when we look at where they were in this first quarter, we haven't seen that deflation. They remain elevated. So we think we have our guide in the right place giving the, given the uncertainty in the macroeconomics, and we're going to continue to invest in our brands while driving and watching, driving productivity and watching our costs.
John Lovallo: Okay. That's helpful guys. And then maybe more of a high level strategy question here. If we think about the PRO paint effort at Home Depot, I mean, what do you see as sort of the biggest challenges to growth there? You know, is it, is there a sufficient dedicated sales force? Are there enough specialty products needed to complete bigger jobs? How, where do we get, how do we get to the point where it's very competitive with shareowner PPG? I mean, what are sort of the missing elements in your view?
Keith Allman: Well, I would tell you, I think we are competitive as evidenced by I think 45% two year stack of growth in PRO. You don't get that without being competitive. I like where our product offering is. Now there is certainly tweaks we can continue to make to the offering, but as we've got the right price points and we have a very strong brand. So it's really about execution. And when we look at what's happened to the customer base over the last couple years when we've had this extraordinary growth, is that we've been able to, because of our supply chain prowess, get our paint in the hands of more painters. And what we're seeing and have significant data with regards to net promoter scores and customer satisfaction and how they view both our product and the total service offering with our partner, the Home Depot, it's very strong. So the challenge is continuing to execute, to continue to deliver on our brand promise and continue to have the right price and the right service proposition and delivering. So I think we're competitive and it's certainly we have tough competitors, but I think as evidenced by what the team has been able to do we're looking forward to the challenge.
John Sznewajs: Yes, and John, what I also can point out to you, maybe just add to, sorry to cut you off there. You can take a look at the business. We've grown this to a $900 million business. It's in a market that's sized, call it $9 billion to $10 billion. So what I like about how we're positioned, and everything that Keith just said is that we think we've got a great runway in front of us for future growth because of our relatively small presence in the overall market, even though it's a $900 million business, we've got a lot of opportunity to continue to grow this over the coming years with the -- not only the quality of the product, the initiatives, the people, the strength of -- the combination of Behr and everything that the team has done, along with our channel partners, the Home Depot. It's a very powerful combination that the two companies. And so we think that gives us a lot of opportunities for growth going forward.
John Lovallo: Yes, I probably should have said even, even more competitive as opposed to just being competitive, so I appreciate that color. Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question will come from Mike Dahl at RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Keith, I think in part of your opening remarks about kind of the caution that you're trying to express in the guide and recognizing there's some uncertainty in how the economic environment plays out and the lag effect of some, the stuff that we're all seeing out there. More specifically, you're a month into the quarter, your comments seem maybe a little more hedging around second half. Can you give us a little bit more color on what you're seeing at the start of 2Q and whether you've seen, notwithstanding the comps, whether you're seeing any evidence of a significant change in in customer behavior across your businesses?
Keith Allman: Mike, yes sure, Mike. As you know, I'm a little bit reticent to talk about in quarter and where that looked month-to-month as there's a lot of variability there if the prior period had a fewer days or if there was a load in for a new product launch or those sorts of things. So we tend to stick to the quarter. I will tell you that we did see a little bit of softening through the quarter and that coming out in April, it's fairly consistent with how we exited the quarter. So it's not that we're trying to signal what we're seeing in terms of something different than really, really what came out of the quarter is pretty consistent. It's more of a understanding that we're in volatile times and that we're one quarter in and we'll, as we'll learn a lot in the second quarter and we'll look at the guide and we'll look at, have a more informed opinion. It's just an extremely volatile period right now. That's what we're saying. Nothing at all about any sort of in-quarter or how we answered the quarter or how we're doing at the beginning of this quarter.
Michael Dahl: Okay, that's fair and makes sense. And then the second question, just back on price costs, I think clear enough in terms of some of the price commentary where you get the carryover that then fades, I would think that costs follow a somewhat similar trajectory in terms of highest in the first half of the year on inflation and then maybe lower in the back half, but could you just give us a little more sense of from a pure price cost standpoint, how you expect the year to progress as we go out over 2Q through 4Q?
Keith Allman: I think we've done a pretty good job of recovering. We'll anniversary some significant price that we gave in the little -- mostly in the second quarter. I think the -- we've taken some pockets of further price increases in our Plumbing business where we need it and we'll continue to evaluate it. But I think the fundamental message is there's an anniversary of the significant price increases that we gave last year that will come into the second half and really the dependency as it relates to margin is on the volume.
John Sznewajs: Yes. And Mike, I guess what I would add to Keith comments are, while inflation may have moderate from the peak, maybe in the second quarter of last year, inflation, it's moderated, it's been sticky, it's kind of moderated at higher levels than we've expected. And so, that should weigh into how you think about higher price costs, cadence for the year. I mean, yes while it's going to be better than this time last year, it's still ultimately you look at copper, it's still hovering around $4 a pound. Some of our paint cost is, we mentioned our prepared remarks, we've seen a little bit of moderation and stated kind of elevated levels. We're still seeing some pressure in some inputs, especially like things like TiO2. So, I would say that's going to be an impact. And overall we're calling for kind of flat inflation now here in 2023, which is probably higher. Well, it is higher than, what we thought about at the beginning of the year. So because of inputs remaining high other costs like labor continues to be sticky, pallets, transportation continue to be high. As Keith said, while we've implement probably selectively here in the first part, it's going to be, we're still seeing fairly sticky inflation.
Michael Dahl: Very helpful and thanks John. Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rehaut at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Rehaut: Great, thanks. Good morning everyone. And John, it's been a pleasure working with you and best of luck in the future. First question, I wanted to zero in a little bit on the paint segment. I guess both of my questions are kind of centered on that. First, if you could talk any bit about the competitive backdrop. We've heard a lot about Sherwin Williams potentially getting more aggressive. And I'm wondering specifically when you talk about investments in the segment over the coming quarters, where those investments would be concentrated in terms of either personnel or potentially other types of marketing, or even promotions or brand spend? If any of that is in response to possibly the overall competitive backdrop becoming a little more fierce?
Keith Allman: Thanks Mike. Certainly we have very solid competition in paint, and that makes us better. And we're going to continue to drive our investments, particularly in the PRO, but also in the aisle and in DIY where we're extremely strong. We've fared quite well. The last two year stack, as I mentioned is 45% growth, when you talk about the PRO, and we're going to continue to invest in that. We think we have a good proposition for the segment of the PRO painters that we're going after. And that investment really isn't so much a competitive response as it is a strategic plan that we've set out since this business was $50 million not too long ago, and we've grown it up to, as John said, about $900 million and so we're going to continue to invest in that. I'm not going to get into the specifics of our plans going forward, but we're going to continue to invest in it to continue to develop our service capabilities and to continue with what we already have in terms of strong net promoter scores and to grow those. What we've done today are things like buy online, pickup in store, ordering, expanding our delivery options where we do more job site delivery, certainly expanding and developing our outside PRO sales force, both at Behr and at the Home Depot. Enhancing our loyalty programs. There's a number of things that we've done and we'll continue to do. So it's a competitive business. But we're faring well, and we're going to continue to invest in it and expect to continue to gain share.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Mike, one maybe to address specifically one, a component of your question related to promotions, promotional activity. They're -- I'd say overall the level of promotion in the industry has been fairly moderate and perhaps similar to last year. And we continue to think we offer our price competitive marketing and we have a product in, and we think that there will be selective promotions, but we don't see it elevating or escalating over the coming weeks, months, whatever. To the extent our channel partner decides to pursue promotions that's their decision, but ultimately we will support them in that if that's the direction they choose to go, but that's their decision, not our decision.
Michael Rehaut: Right. Fair enough. That's very helpful and I appreciate the color on the promotions as well. I guess secondly maybe just kind of taking a longer term view on the segment from a margin standpoint, your guidance for margins this year would be lower than what you've seen in quite several years. And I'm just trying to triangulate, how much of that decline, let's say from a longer term average of 18% 19%, just pulling up here that's actually right on the nose, 19% from 2012 to 2021, how much of that might be the dollar matching of cost inflation that drives some margin contraction versus anything that you might consider structural? In other words, are there and I'm not, I don't know this, but I'm just asking for example, if the paint business has maybe a little bit of a lower margin profile, given that it's smaller than DIY and has higher investments or at least in the near term, or if there's anything that's changed in terms of how we should think about the margins over the next three to five years?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, I'll take a start at this and Keith, feel free to chime in. So if you take a look at the differential that you cited and you consider the price cost relationship that we've got, as we've said before, that results in margin compression and if you consider the amount of price we put in, we put in the double digit pricing over the course of the last couple years. And if you think about a 10% price increase would lead to about 180 to 200 basis point margin contraction that accounts for the vast majority of that margin compression Mike that you cited. There are some of the investments will be a headwind that we have because, as you bring on new sales force, there's always cost ahead of sales generation and so that will be a little bit of a headwind to it. So those would be, probably the significant things. There's not a -- there's a little bit of a margin differential in PRO because of some of the investments that we've made in things like people, job site delivery and other capabilities, the loyalty program that Keith cited a couple minutes ago. And so that will be a little bit of a headwind and create a little bit of margin, a headwind. But the bulk of it's going to be the price recovery relationship that we've got. Keith, I if there's anything else?
Keith Allman: I think you hit it, the volume decline, the price cost recovery dynamic, and the continued investment in PRO.
Michael Rehaut: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Baumgarten of Zelman. Please go ahead.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, good morning everyone. Just on the decremental margin piece, I believe last quarter you were talking about, overall decremental margins, maybe being in that low 20% range and you're around 20 for the first quarter. Is that still kind of how you're thinking about the balance of the year or has that changed at all?
John Sznewajs: Adam, as Keith mentioned on the call or on his prepared remarks, yes we're you working hard to keep our cost in control and keep our decremental and focus on our decremental margins and keep them around that 20% level. Obviously things could change if volumes were to deteriorate more significantly than we were forecasting, that could have an impact on it. But we're working hard to keep our decrementals around 20% this year.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay, got it, thanks. And then just on the price increases in Plumbing, I think it was 10 days or so ago, maybe a week in Delta, Brizo and in Peerless, just wondering how that's being accepted by the market, just given that we're not hearing a lot of price increases broadly speaking out there in building products?
Keith Allman: I think it's understandable when you look at the massive inflation that we've experienced. And we were a little bit behind in getting that pricing in place, and it's no one is ever happy to hear about price increases, but the channel understands what we've all been through and also what the competition has done, so I think it's going quite well.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey great. Thanks a lot. Best of luck.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Adam.
Operator: Your next question will come from Susan Maklari at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning. And let me add my best wishes to John. My first question is speaking about the cost environment. You've obviously set a fairly cautious tone there as you're looking at the next couple of quarters. But what are you watching specifically within the business to determine if you need to take additional actions or what would make you more confident to add incremental investments?
Keith Allman: Susan, I think there's an external and an internal view that we look at the usual suspects in terms of external data in terms of home prices and home equity increasing existing home sales, better-than-expected GDP in U.S., Europe, China, consumer confidence, those are the externals that we look at, but really our action would be more fundamentally triggered by what we see in terms of POS and incoming order rates. So that's really what we would key on to say, hey, it's time to maybe look at a different investment rhythm based on what the market is seeing. And that's -- I think that's the key, there's flexibility. And having activation points that we look at and having those plans on the shelf and of course, we have those.
Susan Maklari: Okay. And then when we think about the quarter, there were obviously some events that came through late in March, as it really the banking environment and the consumer lending in there. Have you seen any change in the tone from both retailers as well as dealers on the Plumbing and the Paint side in terms of their willingness to take inventories into the season or any change in how they're thinking about the outlook and the approach to demand?
Keith Allman: No, really not at all. In terms of inventory position, we actually -- I think it was small. I wouldn't say it was material, but we had a little restocking in our Plumbing segment where some of our bigger wholesalers put in a little bit more inventory. Certainly, we want to be ready for spring selling season and I think when our business leaders look across the channel inventory, I'd say we think we're in pretty good positioned for the level of demand that we're seeing at this point. So no real hesitation in anticipation of some sort of event or turn down as it relates to inventory.
John Sznewajs: What I would also say, Susan, is that event probably did caused us to add a little bit more caution to our stance and our outlook going forward only because there's going to be -- there could be some ripple effect through the economy that is unanticipated or unforeseen and so that's kind of the way we digested that event.
Susan Maklari: Okay, thank you very much. Good luck.
John Sznewajs: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from Keith Hughes at Truist. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Questions on Plumbing. You called out the Spa business in size, and it's declined in the quarter. Are there any other subproduct categories or channels that are outsized and affecting the volume decline in the quarter?
Keith Allman: Could you say that again? You broke up just a little bit, Keith. The last part of your question, are there any other channels...?
Keith Hughes: Yes. Any of the Plumbing channels or products that are outsized in terms of their decline in the fall in the business in the first quarter?
Keith Allman: But for Spas, it's been pretty consistent and broad-based, Keith. When we look at product categories from bathing to accessories to fixtures, taps and showers, pretty consistent retail to trade, I would say that maybe trade held up a little bit better earlier on in the quarter as we were working through some of the backlogs and some of the bigger projects, but it's been pretty consistent. But you're exactly right, we have experienced some 20% decline in the quarter in Spas, now that's after a three-year run of some 50% growth. So it's been a real strong period of growth. And I think the new launches in Spas and the total new refresh of our best-selling line of Spas it's just fabulous. I think that's going to really help us compete in this challenging environment. But it's been pretty consistent but for the Spa business as it relates to decline.
Keith Hughes: And second question on that, even if we ex out the Spa, it's still a pretty notable unit decline across the rest of Plumbing in an industry that's not really known for a lot of cyclicality even in the tough periods. What are you hearing in the channel of why the business has fallen off pretty notably in units?
John Sznewajs: Yes. I mean, Keith, we've seen some degradation in volume. That said, I would kind of point you to the fact that we were up against a pretty significant comp in the beginning, from the first quarter of last year, a 9% comp is quite strong for this segment. And so, I think that plays into some of the volume decline that we saw in the year, just up against the big number from the first quarter of last year.
Keith Hughes: Okay, alright, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Stephen Kim at Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim: Thanks a lot, guys. And John, we're going to miss you. But best of luck. I wanted to followup a little bit on your margin commentary. I think basically, just to really be crystal clear, I think that you talked about the margins on a year-over-year basis, that Delta year-over-year improving sequentially through the year. So that seems to imply a 2Q operating margin better than 17.2%. I want to just make sure that I'm understanding what you're saying. And also, will this year-over-year progression kind of hold true across both segments?
John Sznewajs: We didn't give commentary specifically by the cadence by segment. I would say that your commentary about the company in total, Stephen, is right. I mean, so what we said is year-over-year sequentially, we improved Q2 could be a bit of -- might be a bit of a challenge for us. But as we go into the back half of the year, things that, the ability to expand margins sequentially gets better because on a year-over-year basis, just because of the softer margins we posted in the back half of last year.
Stephen Kim: So you're saying that you may not have a better year-over-year comparison in 2Q versus 1Q?
John Sznewajs: Yes, the quarter hasn't played out, but that could be the case.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Second, I guess, would be the -- is there anything about your outlook, which envisions a longer duration of a challenging environment? So are we talking about maybe some things extending into fourth quarter, maybe longer than you had previously thought or anything about the duration that is worth commenting on?
Keith Allman: There's a lot of volatility that remains to be seen. Our current thinking is that we'll go to growth as we exit this year and enter into next year, but that certainly remains to be seen.
Stephen Kim: Okay, prefect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question will come from Tim Wojs at Baird. Please go ahead.
Timothy Wojs: Hey everybody good morning, and John, good luck on everything. Maybe just on the Plumbing side, if you can may be just give us an update on kind of what you're seeing on the supply chain? I know Keith, you have talked about that kind of getting better in the second quarter and having pretty good visibility on that kind of going through the back half of the year and just kind of an update on what's going on there?
Keith Allman: Yes, Tim. I would say that we've executed better than expected in the first quarter, frankly as the supply chain has come around, there's still some work to do. We have pockets of tightness with some of the supply base. But all in all, I'd say it's getting better as the volumes have eased a little bit. Our delivery rates are improving, productivity, et cetera. So I would say, all in, while it's not perfect, it's getting better.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Okay, good. And then just maybe on the Plumbing business within the International business, I mean, any change to how you're thinking about that business over the course of the year? And the reason I ask is, it performed better than I would have thought, and I think Q1 was actually the most difficult comparison. So may be just how you're thinking about that business, both kind of cyclically in Europe and then kind of competitively with some of your competitors there?
Keith Allman: There's -- there really hasn't been a change in how we're thinking about the International business, but I will tell you that the way we are thinking about it is that we expect it to have more volume pressure as we look through to the end of the year than what we've experienced so far. It's held up really nicely. And I think declined 3% against a strong 18% comp. So in this kind of environment, that's really strong. When we think about how we're looking at that for the full year is to be down overall high single digits. So we are experiencing -- are not experiencing -- we are expecting a little tougher top line environment there than what we've experienced so far. But that's not a change in our thinking.
Timothy Wojs: Okay, okay good.
John Sznewajs: Tim, you had asked in terms of the competition. We're doing very well relative to competition in Europe, and we are most definitely taking share. Hansgrohe team is doing an outstanding job.
Timothy Wojs: Thats great to hear, that's great to hear. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question will come from Truman Patterson at Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Truman Patterson: Hey, good morning everyone. John, it's been great working with you over the years, and good luck in the future. I'm hoping that you all can discuss the sequential ramp in Plumbing op margins quarter-over-quarter, a pretty nice ramp. Do you think that some of the operational inefficiencies over the past couple of years, there's been labor, transportation, some supply chain stuff that have weighed on those margins are kind of largely behind you at this point? And then is there any way you might be able to quantify some of the costs that might be embedded in the back half of the year? I think you mentioned some brand and marketing investments, plant investments, et cetera.
Keith Allman: So the team has done a good job of getting our efficiencies in order. As you well know, in a period of declining volume that that is an ongoing effort as we work to balance depending on where the volumes go, our variable costs and how our shifts run. So it's -- the work is never done when you're in a volatile environment like this. But I would say that the significant amount of our inefficiencies that we've experienced associated with the last couple of years are fixed and behind us and the team got after honestly a little quicker than I thought they would. So that was a nice positive in the quarter. In terms of the specific spend that we'll have, we have a new plant start-up. There will be some start-up costs in our European plant that we're moving -- continuing to move forward with. So that would be a little bit of a headwind. And then the reduced volume and the drop down of that is the main driver.
Truman Patterson: Okay, perfect. And then, John, I believe you said that the overall inflation bucket this year should be flattish, a little bit higher than what you were expecting three months ago. But is there any way you might be able to kind of break it out by segment? I believe last quarter, you were expecting Plumbing raw materials to be down like low single digits and deck art closer to flattish. Any way you can help us think through that?
John Sznewajs:
$:
Truman Patterson: Perfect. Thank you all. Good luck in the upcoming quarter.
John Sznewajs: Thanks.
Operator: Your final question will come from Phil Ng at Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Philip Ng: Hey guys. Thanks for squeezing me in and John, congrats, and thanks for all the help and as well as you, Dave, appreciate all the help, and congrats on the new role. I guess my question for you, Keith, perhaps appreciating you're largely in R&R, there's been a fair amount of excitement on new construction to spring selling season, not necessarily the perfect read-through, but it sounds like your guidance is at least factoring a step down in demand perhaps in the back half of this year. Curious if your view and channel partners' outlook on demand this year has changed much in the, call it, the last few months? And how do you kind of see the year progressing on the demand side?
Keith Allman: Yes. It really hasn't changed much. And when you look at our full year guide compared to how Q1 fared, it's pretty consistent across both segments. So I'd say not a lot of change, really. And again, we're 1 quarter in.
Philip Ng: Okay, helpful. And then from a mix standpoint, anything you want to call out? I mean, at least we're hearing maybe the high end of the market is holding up a little better. But curious if you're seeing any nuances on mix and what kind of impact that could have on margins, especially in the more mixed macro backdrop in the back half of the year potentially?
Keith Allman: They haven't seen anything material, Phil. A slight but not material, maybe a little bit of trade down in Europe in Plumbing. But beyond that, net for the company, we haven't really seen any significant mix impact or trade down, and our guide doesn't really reflect that either.
Philip Ng: Okay. I appreciate all the help guys.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
David Chaika: Thank you all for joining us on the call this morning and for your continued interest in Masco. This concludes today's call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference call for this morning. We would like to thank everyone for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Conference Call. My name is Emily, and I'll be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Emily, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2022 fourth quarter and full year conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll start this morning with some brief comments on our fourth quarter, and I'll turn to our full year results and our view on 2023. Before I get started, however, I'm sure you saw our announcement that John Sznewajs has decided to retire from Masco, effective at the end of May, and we are working to identify his replacement. John has been a fixture at Masco and in the industry for over 25 years now, and has been an invaluable partner to me, our Board and the investment community during his 15-year tenure as CFO of our company. He will be sorely missed, and we wish John all the best in his future endeavors. Now please turn to Slide 5. In the fourth quarter, our top-line decreased 5%, as we saw lower volumes across most categories, partially offset by significant pricing actions of 9%. Our operating profit declined in the quarter due to the lower volumes, higher operational costs and currency. This was partially offset by pricing actions and expense control as SG&A declined $22 million to 17.4% of sales. Our earnings per share for the quarter were $0.65. Earnings per share benefited from a lower average diluted share count as well as effective tax rate of 24%, lower than our previously guided 25%. Turning to our segments. Plumbing grew 2% in local currency with a 1% decline in North American Plumbing, offset by 7% growth in International Plumbing. Hansgrohe drove market share gains in many key markets, including China, Germany and France. Our International business has continued to execute well, which speaks to the strength of the Hansgrohe team, its strong brands and its ability to gain market share. In North America, our spa business has now worked through its extended backlog and backlogs are now in the normal range of four to six weeks after a tremendous three-year run of more than 50% sales growth. Turning to our Decorative Architectural segment. Sales declined 8% against a strong 15% comp. DIY paint sales declined low double digits, while PRO paint continued its excellent performance with mid-single digit growth against a tremendous comp of over 50%. Now let's review our full-year performance. Please turn to Slide 6. 2022 was a challenging year with strong growth in the first half followed by notable declines in demand in the second half. Despite these volatile conditions, Masco and our 19,000 employees across the globe responded well to deliver for our customers and our shareholders. For the full year, the company grew sales 4% for a two-year stacked comp of 21%. Strong pricing actions increased sales by 9%, offset by volume declines of 3% and currency impact of 2%. Volume growth in the first half of the year was more than offset by volume declines in the second half. Operating profit declined 7% with an operating margin of 15.6%, and earnings per share increased from $3.77 -- to $3.77 from $3.70. Total commodity and other inflation was low double digits for the full year. This inflation, together with supply chain challenges, resulted in lower margins for the year despite our significant pricing actions. We are focused on improving our margins by continuing to drive productivity as we apply our 80/20 mindset to return to our pre-pandemic levels. Turning to our segments. Our Plumbing segment grew 6% excluding currency, led by strong growth at both Hansgrohe and Watkins. In our Decorative Architectural segment, full year growth was 6%. DIY paint grew low single digits for the year, while PRO paint grew over 25%. PRO paint has had a tremendous three-year run of approximately 70% growth, and now accounts for one-third of our paint business or over $900 million. This strong performance earned Behr its second consecutive Partner of the Year Award for the Home Depot. We will continue to invest in our paint business to capture further share in both the DIY and PRO markets. Our recently launched adjacent paint categories such as aerosols, interior stains and caulks and sealants have performed well and are expanding the offering to additional stores and expect further share gains in 2023. We will be launching Behr Dynasty Exterior for the summer painting season, expanding the lineup of our number one rated Dynasty paint line. And we will continue to invest in people and capabilities to better serve the PRO painter and continue our strong PRO performance. Turning to capital allocation. Our strong balance sheet allowed us to deploy approximately $1.2 billion in capital during the year. We repurchased 16.6 million shares for $914 million, representing approximately 7% of our outstanding shares. We increased our quarterly dividend 19% and paid $258 million in dividends to shareholders. And we finished the year with net leverage of 1.8 times, providing us ample financial flexibility. Our balanced, disciplined approach to capital allocation and strong cash flow resulted in a return on invested capital of approximately 39%. Lastly, on the ESG front, we believe our business should be part of the solution to the world's climate crisis. Therefore, we have established a target to reduce our emissions by 50% by the year 2030, aligned with science-based targets. This is consistent with our commitment to doing business the right way and our purpose to provide better living possibilities for homes, our environment and our community. I want to thank all our employees for their outstanding efforts throughout 2022. It is a team effort to continue to deliver for our customers and shareholders. Now, turning to 2023. We expect the softening demand trends in the second half of 2022 to continue into 2023 as our markets adjust to increasing interest rates, persistent inflation and tighter consumer spending. Overall, we anticipate volumes to decline in the low double digit range, offset, to a small extent, by pricing actions. Our current market assumptions for 2023 are as follows. For the North American repair and remodel market, we expect the market to be down approximately low double digits. This is after a very strong three-year run of approximately 20% growth. For the paint market, we expect the DIY paint market to be down high-single digits and the PRO market to decline by mid-single digits. And for our International markets, principally Europe, we expect markets to contract by high-single digits. As a result, we anticipate Masco sales in 2023 to decline approximately 10%. With this lower top-line assumption, we will drive to minimize our decremental margins to be in the low 20% range versus our typical 30% decremental margins. We are focused on recovering the significant cost inflation we experienced over the past two years through operational productivity, supply chain normalization and additional pricing actions. With this focus, we expect our operating margin to be approximately 15% in 2023. Turning to capital allocation. Our strategy remains unchanged. First and foremost, we will invest in our business to maintain and grow our leadership positions and win in the recovery. The second pillar of our capital allocation strategy is to maintain a strong balance sheet with gross debt to EBITDA levels of below 2.5 times. Third, we have a targeted dividend payout ratio of 30%. Our Board declared a 2% increase in our dividend for 2023, which will bring our annual dividend to $1.14 per share and marks the tenth consecutive annual increase. We expect our cash flow conversion to be over 100% in 2023, as we manage our working capital. We will deploy that free cash flow after dividends to share repurchases or acquisitions. Based on our projected free cash flow, we expect to deploy approximately $500 million to share repurchases or acquisitions in 2023, in addition to paying the remaining $200 million of our term loan. Lastly, there is no change to our M&A strategy. We continue to review and selectively pursue opportunities that have the right strategic fit and the right return for Masco. With the actions we are taking to address this more challenging environment, coupled with our continued strong capital deployment, we anticipate earnings per share for 2023 to be in the range of $3.10 to $3.40 per share. While we expect the near-term environment will remain challenging as our markets and the economy adjust to higher interest rates and prices, we believe the long-term fundamentals of our repair and remodel markets are strong. Cyclical factors such as home price appreciation and existing turnover will remain challenged and likely a headwind for 2023. However, structural factors, such as consumers staying in their homes longer, the age of housing stock and high home equity levels will drive increased repair and remodel activity in several ways. Many homeowners have taken advantage of low mortgage rates and are likely to remain in their homes longer. 1.5 million more homes will reach the prime remodeling ages of 20 to 39 years old over the next three years. And home equity levels remain high and can withstand significant pullbacks in home prices and still be above 2019 levels. All of these structural forces provide tailwinds for our business and increase our confidence for a strong repair and remodel market after the economy stabilizes in 2023. We will continue to invest in our brands, capabilities and people to outperform the composition in both the near and the long term. With favorable fundamentals and our continued focus on executing our growth strategy, together with our strong free cash flow and capital deployment, we are positioned to continue to drive shareholder value creation for the long term. Now, I'll turn the call over to John to go over our fourth quarter, full year and '23 outlook in more detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin my comments, I want to take a moment to thank Keith, our Board and the entire Masco organization for the opportunity to serve as CFO for more than 15 years. I've had an amazing and fulfilling 27-year career with company. As I look forward to my retirement, I wish everyone the best. With that, as Dave mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning to Slide 8. Sales in the quarter decreased 5% and, excluding currency, decreased 2%. Lower volumes decreased sales by 11%, partially offset by net selling prices, which increased sales by 9%. In local currency, North American sales decreased 5%. Lower volume decreased sales by 14%, partially offset by higher net selling prices, which increased sales by 10%. In local currency, International sales increased 7%, driven by increased selling prices. As it relates to inventory, we believe channel inventories have stabilized as we saw sell-through approximately equal to sell-in and destocking had minimal impact in the quarter. Our gross margin of 29.5% was impacted by lower volumes, and higher year-over-year operational costs in the quarter. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales improved 20 basis points to 17.4% through continued cost discipline. Our operating profit in the fourth quarter was $234 million and operating margin was 12.2%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes, higher operational costs and currency, partially offset by higher net selling prices. Lastly, our EPS in the quarter was $0.65. I would like to note that this performance was based on a tax rate of 24% versus the previously guided 25% tax rate due to the implementation of our tax planning strategies. Because of this assumption, we have provided restated adjusted EPS numbers for the first three quarters of 2022 in the appendix on Slide 28. Turning to the full year 2022. Sales increased 4% over prior year against a healthy comp of 17% for full year 2021. Excluding currency, sales increased 6%. Higher net selling prices increased sales by 9%, partially offset by lower volumes, which decreased sales by 3%. In local currency, North American sales increased 6% and the International sales increased 8%. Our SG&A as a percent of sales decreased 90 basis points to 16%. Operating profit for the full year was $1.4 billion and operating margin was 15.6%. Lastly, our EPS increased 2% to $3.77. This amount also assumes a tax rate of 24% versus a previously guided 25%, which favorably impacted full year EPS by $0.05. Our adjusted EPS calculation for 2023 will continue to assume a 24% tax rate. I want to thank our employees across the globe for their hard work and dedication to achieve these solid results during a challenging year. Turning to Slide 9. Plumbing sales in the quarter decreased 3%. Excluding the impact of currency, sales grew 2%. Pricing contributed 9% to growth and volume decreased sales by 7%. North American Plumbing sales decreased 1% in local currency. This was driven by lower demand we started to experience in the third quarter. Lower demand was fairly broad based across product categories and channels. International Plumbing sales increased 7% in local currency. Hansgrohe grew sales in many of their key markets, most notably China, Germany and France. Segment operating profit in the fourth quarter was $148 million and operating margin was 12.4%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes, higher operational costs and currency, partially offset by higher net selling prices. Turning to the full year 2022, Plumbing sales increased 2%. Excluding currency, sales increased 6% with net selling prices contributing 7% to growth, partially offset by lower volume mix, which decreased sales by 1%. In local currency, North American Plumbing sales grew 5% and International Plumbing sales increased 8%. Full year operating profit was $834 million, with an operating margin of 15.9%. Turning to Slide 10. Decorative Architectural sales decreased 8% for the fourth quarter against a 15% comp. Our PRO paint sales increased mid-single digits against a robust comp of over 50% in the fourth quarter 2021, as we continue to see solid demand for our PRO paint offering, strong brands and high-quality products. Our DIY paint sales declined low double digits versus prior year. Additionally, our lighting and builders' hardware businesses, in aggregate, declined mid-teens in the quarter against a solid mid-single digit comp. Operating profit was $101 million in the quarter and operating margin was 13.9%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes and higher material costs, partially offset by higher net selling prices. Turning to the full year 2022, sales increased 6%, driven by low single digit growth in our DIY paint business and outstanding PRO paint growth of over 25%. Full year operating income was $608 million and operating margin was 17.7%. Turning to Slide 11. Our year-end balance sheet is strong with net debt to EBITDA at 1.8 times. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.5 billion of balance sheet liquidity, which includes full availability of our $1 billion revolver. Working capital as a percent of sales was 17.4% at year-end. In 2023, with expected lower volumes and less supply chain disruptions, we anticipate working capital as a percent of sales to improve and be approximately 16.5% at year-end. In 2022, we also paid down $300 million of the $500 million term loan that we borrowed in the second quarter of the year. Finally, during 2022, we repurchased 16.6 million shares for $914 million and returned $258 million to shareholders through dividends. Now, let's turn to Slide 12 and review our outlook for 2023. I'd like to preface our guidance by reminding everyone that these are uncertain times, which makes forecasting extremely challenging. For Masco overall, we are planning for volumes to be down in the low double digit range, partially offset by low single digit pricing. Based on this assumption, we expect 2023 sales to decline approximately 10%, with operating margins of approximately 15%. Currency is projected to have minimal impact on our 2023 results. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales trended below our normal levels during the pandemic. However, as we continue to invest in our businesses for future growth while maintaining cost discipline, we expect this percentage to increase back to a more normalized pre-pandemic level to be around 17.5% for 2023. As always, we will take appropriate actions to address our costs as the year develops based on market conditions. Operating margins will be impacted more in the first half of the year due to lower volumes and strong year-over-year sales comps, particularly in the Decorative Architectural segment. As we previously discussed, operating profit in the first quarter will also be impacted by the higher operational costs we experienced starting in Q2 last year, particularly in the Plumbing segment. As we think about the cadence for the year, we expect our Q1 sales and margin profile to look similar Q4 2022 with our year-over-year operating margins expanding -- expected to improve each quarter thereafter. In our Plumbing segment, we expect 2023 sales to decline in the range of 10% to 14%. We anticipate the full year Plumbing margins will be roughly flat with 2022 segment margins at approximately 16%. Lower volumes and, in the first quarter, higher operational costs will impact margins, with favorable selling price increases partially offsetting these headwinds. In our Decorative Architectural segment, we expect 2023 sales to decline in the range of 5% to 10%. Looking specifically at paint for 2023, we currently anticipate our DIY business to decrease high-single digits and our PRO business to decrease mid-single digits, as we cycle over 25% PRO paint growth in 2022. We anticipate the full year Decorative Architectural margin to be approximately 16%. This margin is largely due to our significant pricing actions in this segment that typically only recover the dollar amount of the inflation. As a result, all else equal, operating profit dollars remain neutral from cost recovery pricing actions, but results in margin compression. We are also playing an increased investment in people and capabilities in 2023 to drive future growth in our PRO paint business. As it relates to share repurchases, we have begun modest share repurchases and expect to spend approximately $500 million on share repurchases, with this activity being weighted more towards the second half of the year. Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, our 2023 EPS estimate is $3.10 to $3.40. This assumes a 226 million average diluted share count for the year and a 24% effective tax rate. Additional modeling assumptions for 2023 can be found on Slide 15 in our earnings deck. With that, I'd like to open up the call for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Rehaut with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead, Michael.
Michael Rehaut: Great. Thanks so much. And John, best of luck. It's been a real pleasure working with you. I can't believe it's been 15 years. You've been a real pro the whole time. So, best of luck.
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Mike. Look forward to catching up with you later.
Michael Rehaut: Sounds good. First question, I appreciate the 2023 guidance and particularly the volume assumptions, which I think are more conservative than your peers and -- so far at least this earning season and appropriate. I wanted to focus though on the Decorative margins and your comments around the fact that the price -- the cost inflation recovery doesn't include margin in that price, so hence, the margin decline. But when you look at the margins versus the last 10, 15 years, Decorative has consistently done an 18%-plus margin. So, this would be somewhat below. I was hoping to get a sense of, if not for 2023, perhaps '24, '25, how you're thinking about the business if cost deflation might help reverse some of that margin contraction if that might occur later this year? Or is perhaps there's anything structurally different about the business either with PRO perhaps having a slightly lower margin or other factors to consider relative to the longer-term average?
Keith Allman: Hey, Mike, this is Keith. As you pointed out, the past two years have really been unprecedented, in recent times anyway, with regards to the rate of inflation coupled with supply chain difficulties, which clearly impacted our margins. We are absolutely focused on bringing the costs out of our operations and taking additional price where needed. Now, when you look at the impact of this significant inflation, and we've talked about this before when you -- particularly in our paint business, recover the dollars, we performed well in the overall dollars, but a significant margin erosion arises from that dollar-only coverage when you talk about increases to this level. So, there will be incremental pricing that we take as we move through the year in some parts of our business. We expect these levels that we're experiencing in 2023 to be the kind of the base of which we will build going forward. And when you think about that with regards to our 30% incremental leverage on additional volume, that would actively improve our margins. So, we anticipate [and are] (ph) driving very nice margin expansion as we get through 2023. We do feel that this is going to be a relatively short-lived recession. I'm reluctant to put a number on where we can go to, but I think if you think about the margins historically that we experienced pre-pandemic, that's certainly where this business is heading.
John Sznewajs: And Mike, maybe I can give you -- in addition to Keith's comments maybe a little more color specifically as it relates to the Decorative Architectural segment, the margins there. So, to your point that you raised, obviously, we recover the dollar cost and inflation. And maybe to put a finer point on that, if you consider -- if we take a 10% price increase in the segment, that will result in roughly 180 basis points of margin compression. And so, while we maintain our operating dollars at flat levels, and so -- and to the point that you were making, yes, clearly what we're seeing now and what we're foreshadowing for 2023, a big part of our '23 guide versus historical performance relates to the cost recovery that we're getting on inflation. The other thing that I would point you to, in Keith's prepared remarks and my prepared remarks, we talked about that we're going to make some incremental investment in the -- particularly, in the Decorative Architectural segment around the PRO business. And so that's also having an impact on 2023 margins. Now, to the point you also raised, to the extent that commodities were to roll over, and there would be input cost deflation, you would see some margin expansion as a result of that -- due to the fact that there could be some pricing concessions that we would give when commodities rollover. So that's how that math would work. So, I think your point is well taken and I think that helps explain the 16% versus our historical margin.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. No, that's a great answer. And before I ask my second question, perhaps you could fold it in. You highlighted the incremental investment in PRO. I'd be curious to know how much of a drag that might be in this current upcoming year. But secondly, I mentioned also that overall volume expectations for '23, I think, being much more conservative than some of your peers and we're certainly in that direction ourselves in terms of how we're thinking about things, would be helpful, and sorry if I missed that earlier, if you think about the low double digit volume decline, you kind of broke it out between, I believe, how you're thinking or at least on a top-line basis the two segments. But from an end market perspective, I'd assume that repair/remodel end market demand, you're thinking about in a similar level, but correct me if I'm wrong. And also, how that other end markets that you play in such as Europe or new res, which is admittedly pretty small, how those different end markets play into the down low double digits? And if you're expecting that to kind of accelerate as the year progresses? Thanks.
Keith Allman: Mike, maybe it'd be helpful if I kind of go through our principal markets and talk through our assumptions as it relates to overall market performance. The big one, obviously, is North American repair and remodeling. And in general, we're looking at that market to be down low double digits. International, obviously, a significant portion of our business. We're calling to be down high single digits. And then, as we talked a little bit already in terms of the paint market, we think broadly of that and, obviously, in two markets, the DIY and the PRO market, and our estimation is that the DIY market will be down high single digits and the PRO market would be down mid-single digits. So, we look at -- to get those numbers, we look at trends that we see and numbers that we evaluate in terms of industry research and we come to an assumption on how that all filters out. And then, importantly, we look at how we were performing in the back half of '22 and we roll that in with our R&R focus and industry research to come up with, our estimations are where they are. Now, obviously, we've heard and talked to many folks who have different views. So, it really is a matter of the point of view that we take. And if that point of view varies, I think, you can see that we consistently have delivered 30% drop down on the incrementals. And when we see some pullbacks like we're expecting in '23, we will [Technical Difficulty] decrementals that look better than that 30%. So, we are ready to not only flex our business down and have demonstrated that with regards to cost control and working through issues associated with variable productivity and lining up our supply chains to address a new volume level, but we're also committed to investing in the key growth levers of our business. PRO being one, PRO paint, investing in high growth markets for us. We've talked about how successful we've been in China and in Europe. We continue to do that. And then, of course, the core business here in North America. So, hopefully that gives you an idea about our perspective and why our guidance is what it is. And how this business is ready to do what I think is most important in these times of volatility and that is to adapt to changes as they come.
Michael Rehaut: Great.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Kim with Evercore. Please go ahead, Stephen.
Stephen Kim: Yes, thanks very much guys. And again, John, I'm sure you're going to get a lot of this, but it's been a pleasure and best of luck. First question for you, I guess, sort of at a high level. I understand that certainly things are uncertain and you don't want to lean too much, I suppose, on your outlook for later in FY '23. But you did provide a -- some commentary about a quarterly cadence, which I found very helpful. I was curious as to whether when you said that you anticipate that the sales growth and the margins would improve quarter-by-quarter as you make your way through 2023, is it your sense that by the time you get to the end of the year, we could actually be looking at some positive comparisons on the top-line and then certainly on the margin as well?
John Sznewajs: So, Stephen, yes, the guidance that we gave in terms of the cadence, obviously, we said Q1 is going to look a lot like Q4 of last year. So -- and then what we said, from there, operating margins should expand on a year-over-year basis each quarter thereafter. To your question on whether we should see positive sales comps by year-end, just given the double-digit decline, the approximately 10% decline that we're expecting in sales for the year, it's hard to say how Q4 is going to develop at this point. But at this stage, I probably wouldn't count on positive comps in Q4.
Stephen Kim: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks for that. And then, just a sort of a broader question about your expectations. Obviously, 4Q came in a little bit lighter than I think you were expecting. What's interesting to me is the timing of when you provided that commentary or outlook, was right about when mortgage rates were peaking in the U.S. And I would say, in general, since late October, there's kind of been a growing sense in the U.S. housing market that perhaps we've at least -- we can see where the bottom is, we -- January was actually surprisingly strong. I know you're going to say one month doesn't a quarter make and all that, but if you could just sort of comment a little bit as to what it is that worsened in your -- worsened relative to your expectations despite the fact that maybe the housing market, which is sort of the leading indicator perhaps, looks like it's actually gotten better?
John Sznewajs: Yes. Maybe, Stephen, I'll start off and maybe, Keith, you can chime in. So, I know you're [tying] (ph) things off the housing market, I just want to remind everyone on the call that the housing -- the new construction market really doesn't impact us all that much. It's about 10% of our revenue. But what we look at in the fourth quarter with our demand that we are seeing and also how the consumer is behaving, that's what really kind of drove us to the guide that we're giving right now. The other thing I would say, as you think about 2023 and think about some of our businesses, Keith in his prepared remarks talked about how our spa business, which has been a strong growth engine for us during the pandemic, and its backlogs are now down to more normalized levels. And as we think about that product category in particular, as we go into 2023, just given the high-ticket nature of that product, we do expect that will probably weigh more heavily on Plumbing growth in 2023. And so, it's broadly around what we're seeing relative to the consumer right now. But Keith, I don't know if there's something else you want to add?
Keith Allman: Sure. Stephen, if you think the fundamental question of, if things are better, what would that drive in our business, and I think we've covered that in terms of thinking about our dropdowns on the incrementals and how we manage on the down with the decrementals. I would also put a finer point on this notion of volatility and things can change. And sure, yes, absolutely, a month doesn't a quarter make and a quarter doesn't make the year, particularly if you think about our business and our industry is in June or July and then what have ended up happening in kind of a tale of two halves of last year. So, things can change and this is a volatile time and we're specifically focusing our organization on adaptability and looking at signals. Now, in terms of how our guide or how the industry may improve, you point to rates, obviously, that's a factor. We are a new -- a repair and remodeling company and a little bit of new construction, but fundamentally, we're in repair and remodeling. So, some of the things that could change the assumption for us would be home prices and home equity holding up better than expected, for example. Certainly, an increase in existing home sales would help. When you think about our International, down high single digits, if we saw better than expected GDP in U.S., Europe and China, that would clearly help. We're strongly related to consumer confidence. So -- and then, on the performance side, the ability for us to gain more share than expected. So, there are things that could -- we're watching and that could drive the economy to perform better than our guide. Again, I'll take us back to -- our fundamental message here is, we have a very adaptable business, small ticket used on big projects, used on small projects. We cover very effectively on the premium segment in China, a brand leader in Europe and, of course, a strong fundamental base here in North America. So, our business is built for that and for these sorts of things in terms of variability and that's what we're driving. But there are areas, Stephen, that could lead to better-than-expected performance on the overall macro.
Stephen Kim: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. And I'll echo others, John, congrats. It's been a heck of a ride and look forward to catching up more offline. A couple of follow ups here. On the cost side, I think that the discussion with Mike earlier around the paint side was helpful. But just to follow-up there, some of your peers in paint have been talking about deflation coming through as the next quarter -- couple of quarters progress. And so maybe you can give us a sense of how you're thinking about costs and how you're seeing costs in the paint business? And also, let's expand that in Plumbing, it seems like it was going to have some tailwinds now maybe copper is back up. So, give us a little more color on what you're seeing on Plumbing costs as we look through this year?
Keith Allman: Thanks, Mike. I'll -- this is Keith. I'll start off on the paint raw basket to give you a perspective on what we're seeing in terms of inflation and how we're thinking about that. If you look at our overall paint raw material baskets, while we have seen some relief in feedstocks for resin, but TiO2, for example, and other specialty chemicals are very sticky and remain elevated. So, we are continuing to see overall in the basket an elevation. On the indirect costs, which is a big portion of our raw materials and our manufacturing process, we are seeing continued inflation, so it remains a challenge. And I'm talking about things like pallets, transportation, labor absolutely is still elevated. So, we've seen some sequential moderation, but the raws continue to remain relatively elevated. We are still recovering from significant cost increase that we've incurred over the past couple of years. So, at this point, we really have minimal raw material deflation built into our plans for 2023, and don't expect to see it. And that's based on what we're currently seeing from our supply base and from the market.
John Sznewajs: And Mike, maybe I'll take the Plumbing side of the equation. So, as you know, as you look at some of the base metals, copper, zinc that go into our Plumbing products, obviously, the inflation there was pretty significant in the year, [up low] (ph) double digits. If you look at the prices through the course of '22, they probably peaked in the second quarter. We saw some moderation in Q3 and Q4 of last year in those commodities. That said, since the year has begun, we've seen a little bit of an uptick in both of those copper and zinc. And so, they're still elevated, but off their highs, obviously. In ocean freight, which is another good significant input for us on that side, has moderated as well. But it's still, compared to historical, it's above normal levels. And then, obviously, wage inflation is still something that we're dealing with. Some of the things that are also impacting us in the Plumbing segment, like, are energy cost in Europe, as you might expect, given what's going on over there, that's offset. So, any of the benefit from moderating demand -- or moderating inflation in the raw materials have been partially offset by some of these things. So, net-net, where do we land on this in 2023, we think we'll expect -- we're expecting low single-digit deflation in our Plumbing input basket as we continue to recoup some of the cost increases that we've incurred over the course of the last couple of years.
Michael Dahl: Okay. That's great. Thank you, both. That's very helpful. And then, on my follow-up question, I wanted to ask about the SG&A. So, the comment that it's going back to 17.5%, certainly, conceptually understand the idea of needing to invest in the business and some of the baskets qualitatively that you've talked about. But when I look at the numbers, I mean, what that really implies is you're guiding sales to be down, give or take, $900 million year-on-year with SG&A dollars down immaterial now maybe $20 million, $25 million. So that seems like an awful lot of reinvestment. Maybe you can help us understand a little bit more bucket out quantitatively some of the things that you've discussed in terms of what's [Technical Difficulty] sticky outlook on SG&A dollars.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, maybe I'll give you a couple, and then, Keith, feel free to add to supplement my comments. So, Mike, you're right. We are guiding SG&A as a percent of sales to be up, and a big part of it is what you refer to. Obviously, we're foreshadowing sales down 10% for the year, which will have an impact on the margin. I think the other thing to point out -- two things, I guess, I would point out. One is the reinvestment that we're making in SG&A and some of that comes in a couple of different forms. Some of it is the PRO investment that Keith referred to some of the headcount, PRO sales reps and things like that, that we'll be adding some more feet on the street and the job site delivery. Also, like in Q1, for instance, there's a couple of large trade shows that we historically went to, but we're really suspended during the pandemic. So, this is the first time that we are going back to those in several years. And so that will be an expense for us. And then, I'd also point out, like in '22 for instance, there are certain variable costs that were just lower in the year, and we're projecting those to come back to more normalized levels in '23. So, those are two or three things that would be impacting our SG&A for next year. So, Keith, I don't know if there's anything else you want to add?
Keith Allman: Yes. Mike, when you think about it, it's kind of in general areas, the economy is coming back and the way that we approach growth and the way we develop advocacy in the markets, you have to be out in those markets. So, I think you were at KBIS in -- out in Las Vegas. That's an example of a big national Kitchen and Bath Show in the United States. Every two years, there's a similar, even bigger show, I know you're aware of this, in ISH, where we have significant investments and big presence there as a matter of -- of course, of business. And that hasn't happened in four years, and that's coming back this year. And there's other examples of that across the globe where we're investing in what I would say is a more normalized way of building advocacy for our brands and launching our new products. Now, when you look, for example, in Europe, at ISH, we've always had our significant competitor in a very big position out there. They've made the decision not to reinvest and won't be there. We don't think that's the right thing to do. In fact, we're leaning into that investment. We're showing a great new product assortment with Hansgrohe in terms of our showers and our faucet launch. We're getting into adjacent products with our bath furniture, and we're continuing to build our brand. When you look at where we're investing in, continued growth and continued momentum. Look to the PRO, as John mentioned, that's an investment for us. PRO loyalty has been building over the last three years. We've gained significant share, and we intend to continue to outgrow that market. So, adding more people on the street to continue to get new customers, new painting customers to try our products, we've seen that be very successful when they try it. There was a lot of question on our ability to maintain the share gain and the stickiness, we've done that. So, we're focused on continuing to drive those share gains, and it takes an investment to do that. In terms of operations, things like buy online, pick up in store, expanding delivery options, expanding the PRO sales force, as I mentioned, working and expanding our loyalty programs. This is all fundamentally part of our strategy. And at the end of the day, we're committed to managing our decrementals in the downturn, while at the same time, investing so that we win and exit stronger coming out of this recovery. And we think that's the right equation for our business.
Michael Dahl: That's great. Very comprehensive. Thank you both.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Matthew, please go ahead.
Matthew Bouley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. I also want to extend my best wishes to John. Apologies if I missed this. I had some call issues. But on the revenue guide for Plumbing, the down 10% to 14%, I think you had talked about Q1 sales results for the whole business perhaps looking similar to Q4. So, I'm assuming that you're saying something similar for Plumbing. And so therefore, the assumption would be a rather sharp deceleration in the Plumbing segment beyond Q1. I guess, number one, correct me if I'm wrong. But number two, can you sort of help us out with any additional cadence there? And any kind of specifics around whether it's the spa business that's moving the needle or some assumed destocking? Anything along those lines to help us on that Plumbing guide? Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Sure, Matthew. So, I'll give you a little bit of color on that. And you touched on it partly in your question. And a portion of what we expect to see happen in the year in Plumbing is due to the spa business, because it is a high-ticket item and it's one that, as Keith mentioned in his prepared remarks, is now back at normalized backlog levels -- backlogs. And so that's a portion. But the other portion that I would guide you to think about is, if you look at the sales cadence through the course of 2022, Plumbing had much less of a pullback than our paint business did in 2022. And so, as we see the calendar role to 2023, partly due to the spa business, partly due to some of the stronger comps that they're going to be facing in the first part of the year, we should expect to see a little bit of soft -- a little bit more softness perhaps in the Plumbing segment as a result of those strong comps that they'll face.
Keith Allman: Matthew, you mentioned destocking, and I know there's been talk out in the industry of that in various channels. We did see, I'll call it, moderate to very moderate destocking in Plumbing in Q4, a little bit in North American wholesale and less in retail. It really wasn't significantly material for us, and we're not expecting significant headwinds from destocking in 2023.
Matthew Bouley: All right. Thank you for that. That's super helpful. And then, just second one, sticking with Plumbing on the margin side and the guide there. I mean it seems like the assumption on the decrementals, I guess, on the softer end of the low 20%-s you mentioned for the entire business for the year. And I heard you say earlier, you're not assuming much in terms of raw material tailwinds for the business. So, just kind of any help on kind of what you are assuming there? Is it ocean freight, et cetera? What are some of the areas where you feel like you can sort of manage that decremental in 2023? Thank you.
Keith Allman: The biggest impact is the planned volume reduction. So, the way we impact that is to drive productivity and to reset our manufacturing and supply chain. So, as you might imagine, we're working hard to equalize shifts to make sure we're continuing to drive productivity in the variable overhead line. We always drive and focus on our direct labor and shifting that direct labor down. And we have had, as we talked about, really starting in the back half of last year's operational and supply chain challenges, and it really is on rhythm and getting our supply base to deliver us and delivered in a way that's synchronous with what we expect and how we have our build scheduled, so we can be very efficient. That's still a challenge. Now we're significantly better. That challenge will remain through Q1, but coming out of Q1, we're going to have that behind us and have our productivity where we expect it to be. So, lower volumes is the principal driver of the margin pressure, and then higher costs that we'll work through early in the year.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. All right. Thanks, Keith. Thank, John. Good luck, guys.
Keith Allman: Thanks, Matt.
John Sznewajs: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: The next question comes from John Lovallo with UBS. John, your line is open.
John Lovallo: Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. And John, best of luck with everything. The first question I guess is, are you guys anticipating implementing additional pricing actions in 2023, or is it really just largely carryover pricing at this point?
Keith Allman: No, we'll have some additional actions. There are spots of our Plumbing business that we're looking at, and we'll be implementing price. And then, in our Decorative business, as I mentioned with our commodity basket, we're continuing to see elevation there, and we'll watch that.
John Lovallo: Got it. Okay. And then, I think, the outlook for $500 million of either acquisitions or buybacks, I think you mentioned buybacks would be sort of back-half weighted. Just more curious on the acquisition front. I mean, what you're seeing in terms of pipeline there?
John Sznewajs: Yes, I'll take that, John. So, our corporate development team is active and we, as a management team, are active in the cultivation process of [flock] (ph) of acquisitions. But at the same time, as you might imagine, in this environment, there's -- the conversations are probably not as productive, just given some of the softening performance in businesses through the course of the back half of '22. But that said, you never know when people are going to transact. And so, we have to be out there. We have to be engaged. And so, we've got the team out there and actively looking. That's -- and so it's always hard to forecast what may develop through the course of '23, and so that's why we're guiding for everyone to think more about share repurchases at this moment. But Keith, I don't know if there's...
Keith Allman: Yes. I think it remains to be seen, but the cost of capital and the leverage limitation that, that represents could make it a little bit more difficult for financial buyers and could help us. But we are seeing a little bit of a slower deal flow, but again, very active in the cultivation and trying to make sure that we drive strategic fit and right return.
John Lovallo: Makes sense. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks. Just curious on the DIY paint side with [Technical Difficulty] down low double digits in 2023. This category has been slowly up against some tough comps, but it has been trending lower from a growth perspective. Just wondering, are we at pre-pandemic levels for DIY paint? And any perspective of how we are there relative to history would be great.
John Sznewajs: Yes. So, as we look at our DIY paint volumes, Garik, we are at roughly 2019 volumes, if not, just slightly under them right now. So we -- the market has kind of reverted back to those 2019 levels.
Keith Allman: I would tell you that the fundamentals and how we look at that market are still supportive of long-term growth for DIY, particularly the millennials. That's a big cohort. They're clearly influxing into the housing market. And we've seen, based on our basic research that they're more than willing to pick up a paint brush and do their own painting. So, I think that's a position that will bode well for us as our brand gains more and more traction and really a leadership position with those millennials when they look at the data that we see.
John Sznewajs: And the other thing I would point out, Garik, and I should have mentioned this earlier, to the extent that the economy does soften, you do tend to see a shift more towards DIY consumers take on projects, more projects themselves as opposed to have the projects done for them. So that could be a tailwind for us as we go into 2023.
Keith Allman: If you think about the pandemic and how that played out as it relates to a significant growth early in the pandemic with DIY, and then as that fear, if you will, of folks coming into your house abated as the pandemic was more under control, that shifted over to PRO growth. And I think the position that we have with our outstanding partnership with the Home Depot, in terms of being able to cover that variability in those shifts, our PRO business is very strong now. [Technical Difficulty] different shifts in the market and potentially different shifts from one part of that market, say DIY to PRO. We like our brand, and we like what our brand represents to both the end consumer as well as the professional.
Garik Shmois: No, great. Thanks for the color. On the pricing side, you mentioned you're looking at some targeted price increases. I'm curious just given some of the softening in demand, are you seeing any pushback on pricing? Any impact on mix at all?
Keith Allman: Again, where we're talking about our targeted price increases for 2023, it's mainly in Plumbing. We've got some international price increases planned in some spots. I think we have some on certain parts of our assortment in North America. So that gives you a little bit of color. In terms of pushback, to-date, not really. I think it's all about the price value relationship and the service that we bring, and our customers and channels are well aware of the costs that we're experiencing, not only in the direct material front, but really, as I talked a little bit before referencing our paint basket, the way we ship our packaging, our freight costs, our labor costs, those sorts of things. So, I would say not any more pushback than you would normally see. On the mix front, a little bit of trade down. Slight trade down in our Plumbing business we've seen in spots, but really nothing that I would call significant at all in '22 and nor do we expect it in '23. And that's part of that similar to our coverage across DIY and PRO in paint as it relates to being able to address market swings. We also have broad assortments. And we cover price points, and we have styles and various technologies that fit for different people. So, we're prepared for those kinds of changes if they come, but we're really not anticipating very much mix shift at all.
John Sznewajs: And Garik, the one point that I would just add to Keith's good comment is, as you think about price for '23, the significant majority of price will be carryover price rather than newly implemented price in 2023. So, I just want to make sure that, that distinction is very clear to everyone.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Keith Hughes with Truist. Keith, please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. I just want to go back on the guidance in Plumbing. You highlighted some several things that have done well, particularly the spa business. They're coming off some big numbers. But is there any other detail you could give us? The decline you're forecasting is greater than your -- equal to or greater than your decline in remodel that you're assuming. What else is going on there?
Keith Allman: I think John touched on this a little bit earlier, Keith, is the -- if you think about our paint business, that adjusted volume-wise, kind of midyear. The Plumbing business was a little bit later to do that. So, I think that's a combination of larger backlogs, bigger projects that tended not to flex so much. So, I think that carryover helps to account for a little bit more of a volume reduction guide on Plumbing than we have on paint.
Keith Hughes: And will it be all the same cadence you talked about earlier, or will the decline be more ratably during the year based on your forecast?
John Sznewajs: I think, Keith, it would be kind of the same -- similar cadence that we described earlier, where a little bit more impact in the first part of the year, given the stronger comps that we're up against, and then we get into easier comps in the back half of the year.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
David Chaika: I'd like to thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning and for your interest in Masco. This concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. The call has now concluded, and you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. My name is Alex. I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Alex, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2022 third quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at (313) 792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. In the third quarter, sales matched prior year with significant pricing actions of 9%, offsetting volume declines of 6% and currency headwinds of 3%. Demand moderated more than expected in the third quarter with most categories experiencing declining volumes year-over-year. Our operating profit was impacted by these lower volumes, higher operational costs and unfavorable foreign currency. Partially offsetting these headwinds, SG&A as a percent of sales improved 110 basis points to 15.6%, as we continue to manage our SG&A and discretionary spending. Operating margin was 15.9% for the quarter and earnings per share was $0.98. Turning to our segments. Plumbing grew 5% in local currency against a 15% comp with 4% growth in North America and 5% growth in international. Our spa business and international plumbing delivered positive volumes for the quarter. International plumbing sales were led by strong growth in China as we continue to gain share. European markets in the quarter were flat in local currency against a double-digit comp in the third quarter of 2021. While incoming orders have moderated in Europe, we saw good demand in several markets such as China, India, and the Middle East, demonstrating the benefit of selling to over 100 countries. We were price/cost positive in the third quarter in plumbing, and we expect that relationship to continue to improve in the fourth quarter as our pricing actions are in place and we continue to anniversary the higher costs from last year. In our Decorative Architectural segment, sales grew 1% led by PRO paint sales, which increased mid-teens against a more than 45% comp in Q3 of 2021, more than offsetting sales decline in DIY paint, lighting and hardware. PRO paint volumes increased low-single digits as we continue to see good demand from PRO paint contractors. We are retaining the significant share gains we have achieved over the past 12 months, and we continue to increase the rollout of additional capabilities and services along with our channel partner to strengthen our value proposition to the PRO painter. This strong performance is a testament to the satisfaction that PRO painters have with our high quality products, competitive PRO offering and our partnership with the Home Depot. We are pleased with our performance in PRO paint and we'll continue to capitalize on the significant growth opportunity. Moving on to the overall demand picture. POS and incoming orders slowed more than expected late in the third quarter across most of our product categories, and we anticipate this slowdown to continue into the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, we also experienced higher operational costs, mostly in plumbing that will continue into the fourth quarter. These operational costs include higher than expected freight and material costs due to persistent inflation, as well as production and absorption inefficiencies associated with changing volume levels. Lastly, the U.S. dollar continues to strengthen, which will result in lower revenue and operating profit dollars than we'd previously forecasted. Because of these dynamics, we are lowering our earnings per share expectation for the year to $3.70 to $3.80, from our previous expectation of $4.15 to $4.25. We are enacting plans to address lower volumes and elevated operational costs. While market conditions are softening, we believe, we are well-positioned to outperform in more challenging times and deliver long-term shareholder value. Our portfolio of lower ticket repair and remodel-oriented products serves both DIY and PRO customers, and we have product, channel, geographic, and price point diversification to provide stability and resilience through a cycle. We've taken significant pricing actions and will continue to recover cost inflation experienced in 2021 and 2022 as certain commodities and cost pulled back from their highs such as copper, zinc, and ocean freight. We continue to invest in our leading brands and innovation to capture share. We have experienced agile management teams that have successfully navigated uncertain economic environments before. And we have a strong balance sheet, cash flow, and liquidity that can be used to our advantage. This confidence in our business is exemplified by the new $2 billion share repurchase authorization approved by our Board of Directors. This authorization is a continuation of our capital allocation strategy. First and foremost, we invest in our business to drive profitable growth; second, maintain a strong investment grade balance sheet; third, pay a relevant dividend with a targeted 30% payout ratio; and fourth, deploy excess free cash flow to share repurchase or bolt-on acquisitions. We have consistently executed on this strategy to drive long-term shareholder value and will continue to do so. I'll now turn the call over to John for additional detail on our third quarter results and full-year outlook. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning to Slide 7. Sales in the quarter matched prior year and excluding currency grew 3%. Net selling prices increased sales by 9%, partially offset by lower volumes, which decreased sales by 6%. In local currency, North American sales increased 3%. This performance was driven by strong growth in PRO paint as well as in spas. Higher net selling prices increased sales by 11%, partially offset by lower volumes, which decreased sales by 8%. In local currency, international sales increased 5%. Net selling prices increased sales by 4% and higher volumes increased sales by 3%, partially offset by a mixed impact of 1%. Our gross margin of 31.5% was impacted by higher year-over-year operational costs in the quarter. We anticipate that gross margin will continue to face pressure in the fourth quarter, but will improve year-over-year. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales improved 110 basis points to 15.6%. Operating profit in the third quarter was $351 million and operating margin was 15.9%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes, higher operational costs and currency partially offset by higher net selling prices. Lastly, our EPS in the quarter was $0.98. Turning to Slide 8. Plumbing sales were flat to prior year. Excluding the impact of currency, segment sales grew 5% against the healthy 15% comp in the third quarter of last year. Pricing contributed 7% to growth and volume decreased sales by 2%. North American sales increased 4% in local currency. This performance was driven by strong spa volumes and pricing actions across the segment partially offset by lower volumes in other product categories. International plumbing sales increased 5% in local currency against an 18% comp from last year. Growth was led by strength in China with most European markets roughly flat versus prior year. Segment operating profit in the third quarter was $220 million, and operating margin was 16.6%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes, higher operational costs and currency, partially offset by higher net selling prices. Turning to Slide 9. Decorative Architectural sales increased 1% in the third quarter. Our PRO paint business continues to deliver outstanding performance, with sales up mid-teens against a robust count of over 45% in the third quarter of 2021. We continue to gain share and drive conversion as our PRO paint offering, strong brands and high quality products resonate with PRO customers. Our DIY paint business declined low-single-digits versus prior year, largely as expected. Additionally, our lighting and builders' hardware businesses declined in aggregate mid-single-digits in the quarter. Operating profit was $151 million in the quarter, and operating margin was 17.2%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes and higher freight and material costs, partially offset by higher net selling prices. Turning to Slide 10. Our balance sheet is strong with net debt-to-EBITDA at 1.9x. We entered the quarter with approximately $1.5 billion of balance sheet liquidity. Working capital as a percent of sales was 18.5%. Working capital was impacted by higher inventory levels at many of our businesses, cost inflation and delays in receipt and delivery of material. We continue to balance our inventory levels with demand and expect working capital as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.5% at year-end. In the quarter, we also paid down $100 million of the $500 million term loan that we borrowed in the second quarter. Additionally, our Board authorized a new $2 billion share repurchase program effective October 20, 2022, replacing the existing authorization. This action underscores Masco's strong financial position and our Board's confidence in Masco's future. We do not expect further share repurchases this year as we will use our free cash flow to repay the balance of the $500 million term loan that we took out in the second quarter. Turning to Slide 11, let's review our outlook for 2022. Given moderating demand and additional foreign currency headwinds, we now expect our full-year sales growth for Masco to be in the range of 3% to 4% versus our prior guidance of 5% to 7%. We now anticipate full-year operating margins to be approximately 16% given lower volumes and higher operational cost. While we continue to expect year-over-year margin expansion in the fourth quarter, it will be lower than previously anticipated. In our Plumbing segment, we now expect 2022 sales growth to be in the range of 1% to 2%, including foreign currency, versus our previous guidance of 3% to 5%. Given current exchange rates, foreign currency is expected to unfavorably impact Plumbing revenue by approximately 4%. We now anticipate the full-year Plumbing margins will be approximately 16.50%. In our Decorative Architectural segment, we expect 2022 sales to grow in the range of 7% to 8% versus our previous guidance of 9% to 11%. Looking specifically at paint growth for 2022, we currently anticipate our DIY paint sales to increase mid-single-digits and our PRO paint sales to increase strong double-digits. We now expect the full-year Decorative Architectural margin to be approximately 17.50%. This is lower than our previous guidance due to lower than anticipated volumes and higher advertising spend. Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, our updated 2022 EPS estimate is $3.70 to $3.80. This assumes a 233 million average diluted share count for the year. Additional modeling assumptions for 2022 can be found on Slide 14 in our earnings deck. With that, I would like to open the call for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourselves to asking one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A Session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question for today comes from Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Michael, your line is now open.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Appreciate it. I want to focus for a moment on not just, the changing demand backdrop but how you're looking at your own inventory levels as well as inventory levels in the channel. And how much to the extent that you're able to get a sense how much of the change in demand trend that you're expecting in the fourth quarter are being driven by any types of channel inventory, restocking, relative to, consume trend, end-market demand trends and how you think of that perhaps persisting into the first quarter of the year?
Keith Allman: Thanks, Mike. This is Keith, I'll take that one. We did see moderating demand POS in the quarter a bit more than we expected. It was fairly broad-based I would say, across categories in terms of incoming orders in POS, which we think is most important. Most categories saw this decline across channel. So broadly speaking, we did see moderating, POS demand on the consumer -- on the customer side across channels and categories. We do expect volumes to be down in both segments for Q4 understanding that Decorative had a 15% comp and Q4 PRO paint, I think, was like 50% comp. So we do expect volumes to be down in the fourth quarter across both of those segments. In spite of this, we do have backlog in some of our business, wellness in particular and we did it as John and I both mentioned we had another solid quarter of PRO paint growth. In terms to your question with regards to inventory and inventories in the channels, I would say that inventories are in pretty decent shape. I wouldn't say that they're overstocks or excessive. Some destocking is occurring across categories and channels for sure. But there's always movement in inventory levels, particularly in changing macroeconomic environments and changing markets like we have, evens out usually around the end of the quarter. We do see some stock de-stocking that happens around quarter-end that we've talked about in the past. So we are not really expecting inventory destocking to be a material impact for us as we think about Q4. So the majority of it we would say is an end market demand driven.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Mike, maybe a little bit of additional color to give you. I'd say that de-stocking will probably be mostly in the non-paint categories. Paint we manage very closely with the Home Depot. And then with respect to our inventories, as I mentioned here in the third quarter, our inventories were a little bit higher than we would like. But I think their teams are very focused on this in doing a good job of trying to match our inventories with demand. And so as I also referenced in my prepared remarks, I -- we do think, we'll get our working capital as a percent of sales down at year-end to probably more normalized levels at like 16.5% or so.
Michael Rehaut: Great. Thank you for that. I guess, secondly, maybe just shifting to raw materials. If you could just kind of give us a sense of where you were I think on a consolidated basis, if you have by segment, that's obviously also very helpful in terms of price/cost and what the raw material headwinds were during the quarter itself? And looking into 2023 given more recent movements in the various inputs, how should we think about raw materials in terms of where the prices stand today if you think that that could turn into a tailwind?
John Sznewajs: Okay. Mike, I'll try to answer a couple of questions then, let me try to break that down in and give it -- and give you a sense. In terms of price/cost, I'd say across the enterprise, we are price/cost favorable and across the enterprise as well as in breaking it down to the segments both segments. As we think about raw materials going forward, we have seen some moderation in raw material prices, particularly on the paint side of the business. Copper and zinc have come off, their highs from earlier in the year, but I would remind everyone it takes a couple quarters for that that benefit to flow through and hit our P&L. And so I'd say that we probably aren't experiencing as much of the price/cost favorability as we would've anticipated in the third quarter, given some of the moderating volumes that Keith just talked about. As we think about the go-forward period, we would expect and it's hard -- it's always hard to foreshadow, but we would expect more favorability in price/costs as we go into Q4. And just given our pricing actions that we put in place kind of some of them were mid-year and quite honestly Hansgrohe is going out with price at the beginning of the year as they typically do that there'll be some favorable price/costs as we go into 2023. So I think that covers most of the questions you asked Mike, but if I missed something, let me know.
Keith Allman: Hey, John, this is Keith. Let me -- if I can just insert here just a minute. You referenced some commodities that have come down in paint I think you meant plumbing --
John Sznewajs: I miss spoke, yes.
Keith Allman: when you referenced conferencing, that's obvious, our Plumbing segment.
John Sznewajs: Yes.
Michael Rehaut: Yes. No, that was great and appreciate that clarification. I think the only element of -- and I apologize, I guess, my multi-part question was just on a net basis for 2023, given where commodity prices are currently, if you would expect raw materials to be a net tailwind on the whole for next year?
Keith Allman: Yes. We're not really getting in deep into 2023 here. We'll talk about that next quarter, Mike. But certainly, our expectation would be that we'd see some commodity relief and it's all flowing through our P&L a little slower than we had anticipated because of some of the volume pullback. I would say we expect that to be a tailwind in 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Baumgarten from Zelman. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Good morning. Just maybe on paint just given the week DIY activity that you're seeing, are you seeing or expecting, I should say, an increase in promotional activity going forward?
Keith Allman: When we think about promotional activity in general, I would say that it's been more muted than in the past. I think given that where the volumes were we have increased our advertising and planned to continue to do that. In terms of promotions overall in the industry, I suspect it'll that, that we'll see a little bit of an uptick in that, but it remains to be seen. Our preference obviously is to compete on brand service and innovation and continue to drive that, that's worked well for us. And I think if we do see increased promotions, it will be more spot promotions, if you will, rather than the - what was traditional pre-pandemic, say, where they were more ingrained into the market more consistent. That's what we're currently seeing.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it. Thanks. And then just on the cost actions you alluded to, any specific areas that you're targeting or maybe just some more color around what the plan is there and which areas of the business will be affected?
Keith Allman: Yes. I think when you look at what happens in an environment where there's a quick volume reduction, there's a couple things in the cost side that are impacted. Firstly is on the material side. The costs that we have seen that particularly in plumbing that have backed off a little bit from their highs, take a little bit longer to flow through our P&L because of the lower volumes and that's the case for us. It's taken a little longer than expected, say a quarter or two to flow through the box -- because of their volume. So that's a piece of it. And that really comes with time, we -- as the -- as they roll through the P&L. It also drives absorption issues and variable overhead principally. And as we see where that'll settle in, that, that's going to give us the ability to better dial-in our shift patterns and balance our factory to drive productivity. And this is quite typical when you see rather rapid volume reductions and we're working that.  Inbound logistics talking about specific in plumbing that's been timely deliveries can be challenging and drive productivity issues. Frankly, we expected to see a more rapid improvement in that. Things are improving but not to the pace that we thought they would be. So we're continuing to work those down. So in terms of the operational costs that we're currently facing, that gives you a flavor of how we're attacking it. We expect to be through that by the end of Q1. In terms of a more protracted recession if there -- that is there, as John mentioned in his calls, we have an experienced management team that have been through times like this. And our focus, frankly, is to come out of a recession stronger than when we went into it and we were able to demonstrate that in 2008 and 2009 and we're going to demonstrate that again here, but the usual suspects in terms of levers we have around variable costs that we would look to in terms of either delaying spend or cutting back and marketing and advertising, travel, entertainment, those sorts of things. And then of course, there's always fixed cost levers that we could look into. Now, given where our capacity utilization is across our own supply chain, our own factory network, et cetera, and the high-level demand, I don't anticipate that would involve any sorts of reconfiguration of our manufacturing footprint just because of the demand and our expectation for growth, but that gives you few of the levers both short-term and mid-term.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lovallo from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
John Lovallo: Good morning, guys, and thank you for taking my questions. The first one is on the implied 4Q plumbing margin seems to be implied in sort of the low-to-mid teens versus I think expectations of closer to 20%. It doesn't seem like the sales decline explains this, so just curious if you can give us some more color on what's going on there.
John Sznewajs: Yes. So John, maybe I'll start and maybe Keith can -- you can chime in on part of this. So if you think at our 4Q plumbing guide for profit, I agree on margins. It does imply some pull down from where we were previously guided. I think there's really two components. One is the volume drop that you talked about. And then the second piece would be the operational costs that we alluded to in our prepared remarks. And some of that relates to higher than -- continued higher than expected freight and material, but then also some of the production inefficiencies with the changing volume levels that that Keith mentioned. So Keith, maybe with that, I'll turn it over to you if you give a little bit more color on that portion of it.
Keith Allman: Sure. I would say the biggest piece is the volumes. So we have the FX there that we talked about and the lower volumes. That does a couple things that that give us challenges with regards to cost. And I've talked about this a little bit in my last response. One is the longer time for the lower material costs that we expected to hit our P&L. And then section -- secondly is the absorption issue. So that's a factor. And then John mentioned the elevated freight and in some case -- and labor costs, so that was -- that's an area that and we expected to see more relief in coming into Q4 than we have. So that's -- that's a second challenge. And thirdly, operational inefficiencies, principally in our plumbing area driven by inbound logistics and the reliability and timely of those deliveries that gives us labor efficiencies and challenges in the shop floors that hasn't improved as much as we expected it to. Now it is improving and we continue to take actions to drive that improvement at a faster rate. But as we look at that improvement and paradoxically, while the lower volumes does give us absorption issues. It does give our supply chain some relief. So we're getting after this and the improvements are coming, but they won't be totally behind us until Q1. So that frames up some of the margin challenges and why, while we'll be a little bit better in margin, it's not as good as we had previously guided to.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thanks for that. And then the second question is the SG&A leverage was surprising given the sort of flattish top-line. What kind of costs do you guys taking out and how sustainable is that before it begins to impact the business?
Keith Allman: Well, I think we're going to end up; this is not a run rate that we'll stay at. We're starting to filter back in SG&A. We've put in little -- we put in more advertising in our paint business. And we're committed to continue to invest in brand service and innovation because that fundamentally is what'll make us as strong as we can be coming out of these sorts of pullbacks or recessions, however you want to think about it. So we're very careful in terms of how we look at SG&A. It is a dial that we have that we can turn that, that we can either delay some growth spend or delay as I mentioned advertising, travel, entertainment, participation in shows, those sorts of things. But we're very careful with it. We're focused on the long-term exiting of this pullback so that we're stronger than we went in as I mentioned.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Yes. John, I really add to Keith's comments. That's right. I mean as we started looking forward to 2023, I think we're going to be very focused on SG&A just and trying to match that, our investment in SG&A up with what we're seeing from demand in the marketplace. And so to Keith point it's a lever that we can pull, we're on top of it. We're watching this very closely, right? Yes, we did enjoy some better SG&A leverage here in Q3. And it's something that's got our complete focus as we move forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Bouley from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Matthew Bouley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. Wanted to ask about the Decorative margins and the guide for Q4. Seems like there's an expectation there for relatively significant, I guess detrimental margin. And Keith, you're alluding to everything around the challenges with a rapid reduction in volumes and perhaps that's the big piece of it. But so just kind of looking at that, that detrimental volume assumption in Q4 what it just to number one, confirm if that's what it is, if that really is what's driving that Q4 guide, and then kind of what's the right way to think about the volume detrimentals longer-term on the assumption that, that we do continue to see kind of weakness in consumer demand. Thank you.
Keith Allman: There's a couple of items I'd point to and then John maybe if you want to add some color to it. Clearly the volume moderation is a big piece of it. There's no question about it. And then secondly, I'd remind you when we talk about how we typically perform in price as it relates to commodities, we generally hold our margin dollars. But when you do that that results in margin percent pressure, just by way of example, something like a 10% increase to recover only commodity costs results in almost a 200 basis point reduction in margin. So those two -- the interaction of price versus commodities and the volume reduction of the principle drivers.
John Sznewajs: Yes, yes, that's right. I think those are the two components. I think that the third principle component of the margin degradation in Q4 Matthew would be the investment that we referenced in marketing and advertising in the segment. It's perhaps more elevated than we would've had experienced a year ago. And so if you take the volume drop, the cost recovery nature of the inflation and the marketing spend, the advertising spend that we reference, those would be the three big components that, that would cause the margin degradation. But as Keith said, I expect that that that investment in marketing and advertising will be largely contained to Q4 and it wouldn't say that that's going to be something we'd bake in longer-term.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks for that guys. And then second just kind of shifting to the international business I guess with Hansgrohe, it sounds like I believe you said at the top that that Europe is slowing, whereas you got some of the other geographies where are actually a bit more supportive. I'm just curious if you can expand on that a little bit kind of what are your expectations for how European demand evolves in that business and to what degree can those other geographies continue to offset that? Thanks, guys.
Keith Allman: So we delivered a nice quarter internationally in local currency, up 5% as we mentioned. So very pleased with that. Largely driven by Hansgrohe's growth in China as well as several other markets. Hansgrohe has done an outstanding job of positioning that brand and driving it to market leadership in terms of a premium brand in China. We continue to grow there and expect that to continue. European markets are starting to moderate, modest slowdown in incoming orders. Sales overall in Q3 in Europe, I'd say were roughly flat. Again, the broad exposure that we have across many countries that have different economies in Europe is helpful. And that diversification of our risk there is very helpful. I'm glad to have it. So it's clearly seeing a pullback in Europe. But as I said, China, Middle East is doing well for us. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're seeing good growth in India. So I think that diversification as well, more broadly speaking our diversification across price points, our diversification across channels, and of course our geographic diversification both U.S. versus international and then within that international bucket are all helpful for us and why we feel that we are positioned very well to make it through these moderating times.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Yes. Matthew, maybe a little bit of additional color to frame this up for you. Recall that international sales are approximately 20% of our overall sales. And in that, Europe represents about two-thirds of that international sales and the rest of the world represents about a third. So we're -- Keith has just talked about it and what we referenced, so the two-thirds is roughly flat. The one-third of the business is growing nicely. So I just want to make sure everyone's got that in context, because a lot of people think our international business is solely Europe and it is -- it's much more diversified than that. Due to the good work that the Hansgrohe team has done over the years to expand their sales base across the globe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Susan, your line is now open.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My first question is dialing in a bit on the consumer. Are you seeing any pushback on pricing from them? And is that in any way impacting some of the moderation in volumes that you're seeing? And how are you thinking about the consumer and their willingness to spend overall?
Keith Allman: Well, I think the overall inflation I think is really starting to have an effect on the consumer. Not just in our products, but in everything from energy to food to you name it. So I think that's -- that's all part of it. Having said that, we still in -- we're seeing good order rates moderating a little bit in our spa business. We are starting to come down to chip away at our backlog. I think that's our backlog now is in that 10, 12-week range. So that's down and we're working that down, but we're also seeing some good order patterns. We are not seeing, Susan, a material shift down. I mean oftentimes in times like this in my career, I've seen, for example maybe a little bit of a shift towards private label. But we really haven't seen that at this point. So we do expect, I expect that overall inflation will ultimately have an impact on the consumer and their spending habits. But where we sit right now, I think the consumer is holding up well. They have a good amount of home equity. Unemployment is obviously in a very good spot. So there's a mixed bag out there as it relates to that combination of inflation and how the consumer feels. But we're not seeing mixed down and we're seeing in some parts of our business still strong order rates.
Susan Maklari: Okay. And then turning to the balance sheet, can you talk a little bit about the ability to work down the working capital? How you're thinking about that is perhaps a source of funds in the upcoming quarters? And then, any thoughts in general around capital allocation? You talked about paying down that term loan in the fourth quarter, but how are you thinking about leverage and buybacks and all the different opportunities in general?
John Sznewajs: Yes, sure, Susan. In terms of how we're thinking about working capital, if you think about the seasonality of the business, generally the way the business operates is the first call it five, six months of the year we're a cash consumer, just given the seasonal build, typically that takes place of inventory for the summer selling season, the spring selling season, and the like. And then right around mid-year, we turn into a much more of a cash generation as this working capital comes in. And typically, you see this greatest source of cash generation in the fourth quarter as both inventories and receivables kind of bleed down just due to the seasonal -- natural seasonal slowdown that we -- the business enjoys. And then obviously right around the first of the year, then it begins to flip back. And so I would don't expect any changes to that seasonality over the course of the coming months and quarters. In terms of focus in the business on this absolutely the businesses are focused on it. It's part of our variable compensation scheme, where working capital generation is. And so yes, I would tell you the teams across the enterprise are very much focused on doing the right thing in driving working capital, lower for the business. At the same time, I would tell you, given my longer-term experience with the business in software economic environments, working capital generally is a source of cash generation, if volumes were to decline. And so is -- if depending on how the economy rolls out over the course of the coming quarters, I would anticipate that to be a benefit for the organization. Now, flipping to your second part of your question about broader capital allocation, I don't think our views on capital allocation have changed dramatically. Keith articulated our capital allocation strategy, and I'll just repeat it for everyone's benefit. One, first and foremost is to invest in the business because that is our highest return investment, either growth capital and/or maintenance capital with the business. And so those are naturally done and we -- I'll remind everyone that's generally the light touch. It's about 2%, 2.5% of sales. So not a significant draw upon our cash generation. The second piece is to maintain a strong balance sheet. We've done so over the years and we've done a very diligent job of making certain that we take advantage of the capital mark -- debt capital markets when there's attractive periods. We did so with 2021 very, very effectively. And earlier this year we did the $500 million term loan to pull forward our share repurchase activity. And we have a very strong commitment to live within our means. And so we would anticipate continuing to pay down that, that term loan fully as we foreshadowed back in May and June when we took that on, that we would be very disciplined about how we approach it. And so I don't think that is going to change whatsoever. We are committed to the dividend because we think an organization of our size, our quality should be paying a dividend and the 30% payout ratio we think is the right level to payout for our industry and our organization. And then, lastly, because of the significant cash flow generation that we enjoy, you're able to redeploy that the excess to either share repurchases and/or M&A. And I would say that, that both of those activities will continue. We continue to look at what is the right or the best return that we get on that excess cash that we generate. And if we can find highly attractive both on M&A targets for either our paint or our plumbing business, we would like to do that because we've got great franchises in both businesses, whether it's domestically with the Delta team or whether it's internationally with the Hansgrohe team or the Behr team here. We would gladly invest behind them to continue to grow their business. And whether that's product line acquisition, channel access, geographic acquisition, we look at anything along those lines to support those business to continue growth. But to the extent, we can't find those types of acquisitions. We're happy to redeploy our excess capital to share repurchases. And so I think we've been a very effective stewards of our capital allocation program over the years. And I think we'll continue to do so. So, Keith, I don't know if there's anything else you want to add?
Keith Allman: All right. Maybe just some specific context on working capital. Business are focused on that as John mentioned its part of our variable compensation scheme. And I would estimate that we'd finish the year in that 16.5% range.
Susan Maklari: Great. Thank you for all the color and good luck with everything.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Mike Dahl: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Keith, my first question is just around kind of the rate of change in what you're seeing in underlying market conditions, because at least our sense was that for a while the quarter things were probably okay, but then looking at where you ended up in the quarter and now with the guidance implies, it seems like things may have shifted pretty quickly late, like very late in the quarter. So maybe can you speak to just the cadence and how quickly conditions changed as you've kind of gone through the September and into October? And also what does that really mean in terms of your visibility even into year-end let alone beginning of next year?
Keith Allman: Yes. I would say that the slowdown really became apparent as you mentioned in September. So it was late in the quarter. The -- while it's early in October, I guess it's not so early in October now, now we're three -- call it three weeks into October. We're -- we've factored that what we're seeing into October into our guide. So our best view of where the year is going to finish out is obviously incorporated into the guide based on that. We've seen some softening in DIY paint demand that we've talked about to give you a little bit of context in that. And the overall slowdown, if you will, has been, as I mentioned, pretty broad-based. It wasn't like there was one particular part of the country or one particular channel or one particular type of product. While I would say obviously that we're still continuing to do quite well in PRO and we're working through and have good demand in our spa backlog. So it did happen late in the quarter. And I'd say it's been that, that it's been fairly consistent since then and what we're seeing in October is incorporated into our guide.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And my follow-up question just specifically around the -- this elevated spend in Dec Arc, I guess what I'm wondering is, was this kind of a pre-planned spend and the impact that it's having is just larger because the volumes haven't come through as expected? Or is this a newer program that where the spend is being put in place to effectively spend even greater declines versus what you're currently seeing? Just a little more collaboration on what exactly this is, why it's in place, while what as volumes are falling you more meaningfully would be helpful.
Keith Allman: We're -- we -- as John mentioned in terms of SG&A being something that we watched carefully and we make calls based on the most appropriate use of that. So I would say it's a little bit more accelerated than we have originally planned. If you watch any kind of sports TVs, our ads on for Behr paint for DYNASTY specifically, it's a great product. And we think that when we look at that advertising spend versus the benefit that we get from that, and that is the right thing to do. So it's something that we look at and tweak as we see different demand characteristics and what we think would be the best bang for our buck in terms of what and how we advertise and how much, as John mentioned, I wouldn't model that into ongoing at that -- at the levels that we did in Q3 here and plan to do in Q4 into the full-year. And we'll talk more about 2023 next quarter and give you much more color on how we feel about our brand spend, et cetera, at that point.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Mike, the other point I might comment on, in addition what Keith just said is, if you take a look at the spend year-over-year, it's up, right? So fourth quarter of last year was a relatively muted spend. So it's -- well and it's higher this year, and I think that's probably the more significant component of it is compare -- is the year-over-year compare.
Operator: Our next question comes from Truman Patterson from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Truman Patterson: Hey, good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking my questions. First, I just wanted to touch on the plumbing and paint up margin guides in the fourth quarter. You all have gone through a variety of items already for both segments, but I was wondering if there was also a component of pricing that was previously announced that either wasn't as robust or realized as you all had previously expected in either segment?
Keith Allman: No.
John Sznewajs: No.
Keith Allman: No. It's really the things that we've already talked about in terms of and principally across both segments, it's the reduced volume that obviously has issues in plumbing in terms of overhead absorption and -- but mainly the dropdown on incremental revenue from that volume FX is a factor. We've had some operational issues that we're working through in plumbing and will be behind us by the end of Q1 that we've talked about, but price realization has been a very solid for us.
Truman Patterson: Okay. And then just thinking your PRO paint segment, the share gains over the past year, two years, I'm trying to understand if this is a bit more of a kind of general jack of all trades type PRO that you've gained or whether a decent portion of the success has been drawing in converting what we'll call traditional paint dedicated PROs into Home Depot and then, finally embedded in the fourth quarter guidance. Does that actually assume that PRO paint volumes will decline year-over-year on that tough comp?
Keith Allman: Yes. I think it probably a little bit of a decline when you talk volumes year-over-year because of that, but it'll be modest -- modest decline in volumes. We've had good volume growth this quarter that we just finished. And PRO paint is performing very well for us. We let's call it mid-teens growth against that. I think our comp last year, Q3 was like 45%. And we continued to get data and we watched this very carefully in terms of stickiness of the share gain that we've got both with new customers and to your point, it's a combination with the smaller painters or the more paint focused professionals who are painting, we're getting some of that demand as well. And recent data on our net perform -- net promoter score is very strong. So feel very good about what the Behr team has done in terms of what we committed to, which is to keep this share gain going. And the experience their particular in our research are referencing the experience with our product, the programs that we have for PROs and of course, the partnership and how the Home Depot is servicing that that general segment. So our confidence is reflected in the outlook. And while, yes, it'll be a modest volume, but when you look against the comp in terms of gallons, we feel we are doing a very good job of maintaining the share as we committed to.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Truman, but the only thing I'd add is, we're kind of in a period of some really tough comps on the PRO side. We have 45% in Q3, 50% in Q4, I think north of 50% in Q1. So we've -- the Behr team is just a terrific job at executing and taking this share. But as you go up against these enormous comps, it's always tough to post even higher charts on top of that.
Truman Patterson: Okay. All right. Thank you all and good luck in the coming quarter.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Phil Ng: Hey guys, your 4Q guide, any color on the implied volume declines by segment and any early read on how we should think about 2023 by regions or businesses. It seems like the PRO side of things and spa still holding up quite well. Any color would be helpful.
John Sznewajs: Yes. And in terms of volumes Phil, I'd say overall, volumes -- as you think about volumes for Q4, I'd say we talked about kind of low-single-digit volume declines in plumbing in Q3 and I'd say that maybe even more significant in Q4 just given the way we're seeing things right now. And then on the Decorative Architectural side, the implied guide for Q3 was that -- volumes on the DIY side were down double-digits. And so if you take that into consideration with what Keith just covered about a modest protocol, you can kind of read through what the volume declines might be in Q4, perhaps low double-digit in Dec Arc.
Phil Ng: Okay. And then for next year is that like [indiscernible]
John Sznewajs: Again, Keith referenced, we're not giving -- so yes, we're not given 2023 guidance just yet, but we'll give that out at our Q4 call.
Phil Ng: Got you. And then, your margins I mean, which you addressed here a little light in the fourth quarter and some of these issues you're going to flush out by 1Q raws are staring to fall as well as ocean freight containers. Any color when you start seeing that flow through more meaningfully and with some of the cost out programs, is that enough to kind of offset potential volume declines where your margins could potentially hold next year?
John Sznewajs: As we look at the volume decline Phil, I remind everyone, if we think about our detrimental volumes, it generally run in the 30% range enterprise wide, maybe a little bit higher than that in the plumbing side, a little bit lower than that on the Dec Arc side. And so as you think about volume declines that's going to have a -- an impact on profitability. That said, to your point is we -- as we get through some of these higher raw material costs that are as they start flowing through and hitting our P&L that should be at offset, will be a one for one offset probably it's hard to tell at this point, but probably a little bit of margin headwind there.
Phil Ng: Okay. And you start seeing that early next year, just want to get --
John Sznewajs: I'm sorry, Phil, go ahead.
Phil Ng: That raw material benefit, you start seeing it more early 1Q and I think, John, you mentioned the bigger drop off I think was Dec Arc and maybe Keith kind of corrected you. Is it more plumbing? I just want to flush out the potential impact and the timing of some of that stuff.
Keith Allman: Phil, are you looking for the potential impact of tailwind from raw material prices flowing to -- to our P&L and comparing that to the potential headwinds of volume in 2023?
Phil Ng: Keith, I appreciate your problem. Now I go to that level of detail, but I'm just trying to gauge with raws falling, when does that flow through? Is that an early 1Q event? And I think John, you mentioned you seeing a bigger drop off potentially in paint, was that really more in plumbing, just want flush that out in terms of potential uplift on lower volume just from a timing and would segment could see a bigger benefit.
Keith Allman: We should start to see a flow through Phil in Q1 and its plumbing.
John Sznewajs: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim: Yes. Thanks very much guys. Appreciate all the color you provided so far. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about whether you're seeing any meaningful mix impacts across the business plumbing, paint, international U.S. that are worth calling out. And then in addition, any plans to adjust staffing or capacity in light of what you've seen and what would you be monitoring in order to make a move there in terms of capacity or staff?
Keith Allman: Yes. In terms of mixed impacts, we haven't really seen one or are we expecting one. When we look across, for example, in China where we had such strong performance in Hansgrohe that's premium brand and that's where we stand there and that continues to do well. We know -- well, we monitor that, but we really aren't seeing anything. DYNASTY is doing very well for us, which is in the high end, our showroom products in Delta are performing well so no real impact. In terms of staffing of course, we look to maintain our labor productivity numbers and we focus our businesses on our detrimental in times like this. And staffing is a piece of it. And so that's capacity in the sense of a short-term capacity, in terms of matching staffing. We match our inventories to our demand levels. As I mentioned in earlier in the call at this point, where we expect our growth to be mid to long-term I wouldn't suspect that we'd be looking at any brick-and-mortar and we're carefully evaluating our -- the timing of our capital and our expansion projects to make sure that we continue to drive strong return on invested capital, but our plan is to continue to go forward with those as well.
Stephen Kim: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just generally on a related note, you talked about the abruptness of the decline that, that that came upon us all. And I guess my thought -- my question is how you're thinking about if there's any implications for what the recovery may be, do you think it's possible that the recovery could be similarly abrupt or is based on what you're -- or based on what you're seeing is your view that the recovery would be sort of typical or even perhaps more protracted? Just kind of curious as to whether you think there's anything to be implied from the abruptness of the onset of the weakness?
Keith Allman: Yes. I think it's a little premature to prognosticate on the steepness of the recovery based on where we are at this point. I think when we look at the overall savings rate of the consumer, the health as it relates to the overall structure of our industry with the age of stock with millennials coming into the repair and remodel, and specifically into the DIY market, when you look at our coverage, we call it a 50:50 mix roughly in our overall enterprise between PRO and DIY. The price point coverage is geographic. Certainly I think we're positioned to fare better than most as it relates to coming out of this and that's how we're driving the business.
David Chaika: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call to this morning and for your continued interest in Masco. This concludes today's call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. My name is Bailey, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may now begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Bailey, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2022 second quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Mascos Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. [Operator Instructions] If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at (313) 792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. We continue to execute in this challenging environment, and I'm pleased with our performance in the first half of the year. In the second quarter, our top line increased 8%, with growth driven by pricing and to a lesser extent, volume in both segments. Our operating profit was impacted by higher supply chain costs, planned marketing expense increases and unfavorable foreign currency. Commodity and other inflation was mid-teens in the quarter, but we expect this to be a peak level, as we anniversary inflation that began last year and we are beginning to see declines in certain input costs in the spot market. Importantly, with our continued pricing actions, we have begun to recover the price cost lag that we experienced in the back half of 2021. Additionally, we continue to leverage our SG&A as SG&A as a percent of sales improved 90 basis points to 15.3%. These actions contributed to sequential margin improvement of 140 basis points to 17.6% for the quarter. Our earnings per share for the quarter was $1.14, which matched prior year's earnings. Turning to our segments. Plumbing grew 7% in local currency against a 48% comp, with 7% growth in North American plumbing and 8% growth in international plumbing. North American growth was led by our spa business that continues to capitalize on strong demand for its products. International plumbing markets remained solid, with strong growth across Europe and in China during the quarter. In our Decorative Architectural segment, sales grew 15%, as Behr continued its strong performance, with low teens growth in DIY paint and approximately 40% growth in PRO paint. DIY paint growth was mostly due to price as we continue to see DIY paint volumes normalizing. We expect full year DIY paint volumes to be in the range of 2019 volumes. PRO paint volumes remained strong as we continue to gain market share in this market, demonstrating the compelling offering that we have developed along with the Home Depot. I'm also very pleased that for the ninth year in a row, Behr was named the number one rated interior paint by a leading third-party testing agency. In addition to the top spot, Behr took all of the top four rankings. This is a testament to the quality and value proposition that Behr paint brings to both the DIY and PRO paint markets as paint quality including ease of application, durability, coverage and value are extremely important selling points for both the DIY and PRO customer. Turning to capital allocation. We repurchased $550 million of our stock during the quarter through open market repurchases and an accelerated stock repurchase transaction. This brought our total share repurchases to over $900 million for 2022 or nearly 7% of our shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. This likely completes our repurchases for the year as we will use our free cash flow to repay the $500 million term loan we used to fund the ASR. Now let me address what we are seeing in terms of demand in our markets. Largely as expected, demand or actual sellout for many of our products moderated during the second quarter. Across most of our categories, we expect volumes to be down modestly in the second half of the year, with growth driven by pricing. On the cost side, certain input costs, such as labor and freight, remain elevated. Additionally, labor and freight availability continues to be inconsistent, making it challenging to operate efficiently. Lastly, the U.S. dollar continues to strengthen, resulting in lower operating profit dollars than we forecasted. With these considerations in mind, we are narrowing our earnings per share expectations for the year to be between, $4.15 to $4.25 per share from our previous expectations of $4.15 to $4.35. We are closely monitoring market dynamics, and we'll take action if plan falls below our expectations. That said, we believe there are numerous positive structural factors related to housing that will be supportive of increased repair and remodel activity over the next few years, even if there is a short-term economic slowdown. We are on the edge of the large 75 million person millennial cohort forming households and entering the housing market. 2.7 million more homes will reach the prime remodeling age of 20 to 39 years old over the next three years. The COVID-19 pandemic has clearly increased the desire for more enjoyable living spaces, which has led to increased home demand and remodeling expenditures. And consumers and homeowners have strong balance sheets, with more than $2 trillion in savings and home equity values at all-time high. All of these structural forces provide tailwinds and for our repair and remodel business. Now I'll turn the call over to John for additional detail on how our second quarter results and full year outlook. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other onetime items. Turning to Slide 7. We delivered another strong quarter, with sales increasing 8% against a robust 24% comp. Net selling prices increased sales by 10% and the higher volumes increased sales by 1%. These were partially offset by an unfavorable currency impact of 3%. Sales grew 11%, excluding the impact of currency. In local currency, North American sales increased 11%. This performance was driven by strong growth in DIY and PRO paint as well, as spas, faucets and showers. The main drivers of this growth were increased net selling prices, which increased sales by 10%, and higher sales volumes, which increased sales by 1%. In local currency, international sales increased 8%, or 11% excluding divestitures. Net selling prices increased sales by 7% and higher volumes increased sales by 4%. Our gross margin of 33% was impacted by higher year-over-year commodity and logistics costs in the quarter. We anticipate that gross margin will continue to face pressure in the third quarter, with year-over-year improvement expected in the fourth quarter. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales improved 90 basis points to 15.3% due to operating leverage and continued cost discipline across our businesses. Operating profit in the second quarter was $414 million. And operating margin was 17.6%, a sequential improvement of 140 basis points. Operating profit was impacted by higher supply chain costs, marketing and currency, partially offset by higher net selling prices and incremental volume. Our EPS of $1.14 in the quarter matched the second quarter of 2021. Turning to Slide 8. Plumbing growth was 7% in local currency against a robust 48% comp in the second quarter of last year. Segment sales grew 8%, excluding the net impacts of currency, acquisitions and divestitures. Pricing contributed 7% to growth and volume contributed 1%. North American sales increased 7% in local currency. This performance was led by Watkins Wellness as they continue to capitalize on the trends towards wellness and outdoor living. Delta also contributed to increased sales in the quarter as they delivered growth against a double-digit comp. International plumbing sales increased 8% in local currency or 11% excluding divestitures. Homes grew sales across almost all their markets, with the key markets of Germany, China, France and the U.K. continuing to drive exceptional results. Segment operating profit in the second quarter was $238 million and operating margin was 17.3%. Operating profit was impacted by higher supply chain costs, marketing and currency, partially offset by higher net selling prices. Turning to Slide 9. Decorative Architectural sales increased 15% for the second quarter. Our PRO paint business delivered another outstanding quarter, with growth of approximately 40%, with our PRO paint offering in high-quality products continue to gain share with the PRO customer. With our strong operational execution and continued investment, we are demonstrating our ability to retain and grow our penetration with the PRO customer. Our DIY business sales grew low teens. However, DIY volumes normalized in the second quarter. And we now anticipate second half DIY paint sales to decline modestly. Operating profit was $198 million in the quarter, up $10 million or 5%, and operating margin was 20.2%. This performance was driven by higher net selling prices and incremental volume, partially offset by higher commodity and supply chain costs and marketing. Turning to Slide 10. Our balance sheet is strong, with net debt-to-EBITDA at 1.9 times, even with the additional $500 million we borrowed to fund the accelerated share repurchase transaction we executed during the quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.4 billion of balance sheet liquidity. Working capital as a percent of sales was 18.9%. Working capital was impacted by higher inventory levels to meet demand of our customers, cost inflation, and delays in receipt and delivery of material. Through focused execution, we continue to balance our inventory levels with demand. We expect working capital as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.5% at year-end. We also continue our focus on shareholder value creation by deploying $550 million to share repurchases during the second quarter. Year-to-date, we have deployed approximately $914 million to share repurchases and returned approximately 16.6 million shares or almost 7% of our shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. We do not expect further share repurchases this year as we will use our free cash flow in the second half to repay the $500 million term loan. Finally, turning to Slide 11, let's review our outlook for 2022. Given moderating demand and additional foreign currency headwinds, we now expect full year sales growth for Masco to be in the range of 5% to 7% versus our previous guidance of 6% to 10%. Due to lower sales volume and higher supply chain costs, we now anticipate full year operating margins to be approximately 17%. While we do anticipate margin expansion in the second half of the year, this will be weighted to the fourth quarter. In our Plumbing segment, we now expect 2022 sales growth to be in the range of 3% to 5%, including foreign currency, versus our previous guidance of between 7%. Given current exchange rate, foreign currency is expected to unfavorably impact Plumbing revenue by approximately 3% or $165 million. We now anticipate full year Plumbing margins will be approximately 18%, lower from previous guidance due to higher supply chain inefficiencies and slightly lower volume assumptions. In our Decorative Architectural segment, we expect 2022 sales to grow in the range of 9% to 11% versus our previous guidance of 10% to 14%. Looking specifically at paint growth for 2022, we currently anticipate our DIY paint sales to increase mid-single digits and our PRO paint sales to increase strong double digits. We now expect full year Decorative Architectural margin to be approximately 18%. As we previously discussed, in this segment, pricing actions typically only recover the dollar amount of inflation. As a result, all else equal, operating profit dollars remain neutral from cost recovery pricing actions to result in margin compression. Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, our updated 2022 EPS estimate is $4.15 to $4.25, which represents 14% EPS growth at the midpoint of the range. This assumes a $233 million average diluted share count for the year. Additional modeling assumptions for 2022 can be found on Slide 14 in our earnings deck. With that, I would like to open the call for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Stephen Kim: I was curious if you could talk a little bit about the -- I know you gave a lot of info there. Hopefully, I got it all down right. But when you talked about in the Dec Arc segment, I believe, paint, you said you expected second half volume to decline modestly. I just wanted to see if you could give us a sense for -- was that inclusive of the PRO business? Maybe you could just review that what your volume specific outlook is within paint and maybe breaking out DIY versus PRO just so we're clear.
John Sznewajs: Sure, Steve. As you think about demand, like we said, we saw strong demand in the quarter. As we think about going forward, DIY versus PRO, you might expect we've had some strong comps in the PRO side of the business. And we're starting to face some pretty significant comps in Q3. I think our PRO comp against Q3 of last year is like 45% growth. So while we still anticipate growth in the PRO, in the back half of the year, obviously, we won't be posting the strong comps that we've posted in the last three or four quarters. As we think about our DIY business, we do think our DIY business will be up in the back half of the year. That said, driven by price, with volumes declining in the back half of the year. Will be down, yes, down probably double digits -- low double digits, Steve.
Stephen Kim: What would be down double digits? Sorry, I spoke over you.
John Sznewajs: Yes. DIY paint volumes will be down low double digits in the second half of the year.
Stephen Kim: And then when you look at the Plumbing business, can you give us a sense, just housekeeping wise, what was the FX and the acquisition divestiture impact on sales in the quarter? And when you're looking forward in that business, do you anticipate that you will be able to more than cover your cost inflation in that business? Or should we simply be looking for just recovering the cost dollar for dollar in the back half of the Plumbing business? And as we look into 2023, I know we're not giving guidance on that. However, would it be reasonable to think that with the movements we're seeing in commodities and perhaps a little stickiness in price, that we might actually see some positive carryover effect in 2023?
Keith Allman: Stephen, this is Keith. Typically, we do recover -- what's priced in this segment. We do recover margin as well. And you're exactly right. If there is a pullback in commodities, we would expect that to be a tailwind for us.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen. Maybe you get a question in the -- I think the first part of your question had to do with revenue and the impact of acquisitions and FX. And roughly speaking, these are kind of rough numbers. FX is roughly 2%, acquisition is 1%.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Matthew Bouley from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Matthew Bouley : I think you mentioned at the top, speaking around sellout, that sellout moderated in the quarter. I guess, number one, could you kind of speak to the comparison of sort of a sell-in and sell-through there -- through the quarter? And part two, really, what I'm getting at as we think about the second half guide, was that basically your view of sellout? Or is there any assumption around additional inventory destocking there?
Keith Allman: We did catch up on our channel inventory a little bit here year-to-date through the second quarter. And I think that was planned. And we did that to help improve our service to the customer and to the consumer. In terms of the forward look, as it relates to our guide, we're really not anticipating inventory fluctuations to have much impact on that.
Matthew Bouley : Second one, it sounded like on the international business in Hansgrohe, strong trends there, ex divestitures and currency. I guess looking forward, clearly, a lot of concern around energy costs in Europe and Germany specifically. I guess could you sort of speak to your assumptions around the second half in the international business, both on the energy side and sort of the knock-on effects to the European consumer there?
Keith Allman: Well, we certainly are in no position to make an overall crystal ball, call it, a economic call in Europe. But I will tell you that we continue to see strong demand, particularly in the key markets for Hansgrohe. Central Germany, China continues to perform very well for us, France, the U.K., et cetera. So we're counting on continued good solid growth from Europe and our performance is quite strong. With regard to the overall energy, the team has done a really good job. And we've secured the majority of our energy requirements from renewable energy for this year and going into next year. We're working hard to convert and have converted the majority of our equipment from natural gas to other sources of energy in terms of powering that equipment. That said, if there was a significant shutdown or constriction of energy flow into it, that would be an issue that we have to be -- to manage, and that would be challenging. But in terms of the proactive actions that we're taking, I feel confident about the work the team has done, and they've done a good job.
John Sznewajs: Yes. So maybe just a couple of other comments in addition to Keith's comments. We are assuming higher energy input costs in the back half of the year just given what's taken place. So we feel -- we need to make sure that's baked into the guide.
Operator: The next question today comes from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. 
Mike Dahl: Just a couple of follow-ups here. In terms of the second half guide and the comments or the implied volumes for the second half, just relates a little to Matt's question, but can you talk about how those volume expectations compare to where you exited 2Q? I know you talked about moderation through the quarter. Are you assuming similar levels of declines as you have most recently seen? Or are you embedding greater declines in the back half of the year than what you've just experienced maybe over the past month or so?
John Sznewajs: Yes. I'd say, Mike, as we look at it, we think things have kind of stabilized herein. And we think the trends as we exited the quarter were going to be consistent with the back half of the year as best we can tell at this point.
Mike Dahl: And then my second question is around the inflation dynamics. I know you talked about kind of 15% high level, but this is the peak. Can you split that out between your segments? Because it seems fairly clear if we look at some of the plumbing inputs, to Steve's question, that there could be a relief on the horizon there. Maybe a little stickier on the paint side. But just if you could give us a little more color on the difference in inflation trends between the two segments and potential time line for relief as you see it.
John Sznewajs: Sure. Happy to do that. So as you indicated, yes, we have experienced a fair amount of inflation, obviously all year and starting actually in the -- basically the midpoint of 2021. But as you said, and we said earlier, we think we hit a high point. As we look at our cost basket across the various segments, we have seen some input costs back off their highs from earlier in the year. Obviously, copper and zinc, which go into our plumbing products, have begun to decrease. That impact, it takes about two quarters or six months to flow to an impact on financial statements. So if you consider the timing of the inflation that we experienced and now the timing of the decline in some of the commodity prices, that's not going to have much of an impact here in 2022. That will be much more of an impact in the first part of 2023. So that could provide a tailwind as we go into 2023. The other parts of the inflation basket though are beginning to moderate as well. Ocean freight was something we talked about quite extensively on prior calls. We're starting to see that begin to moderate. That said, fuel costs will probably offset a portion of that because over the road trucking continues to be high. And certain other components of our inputs, like packaging and pallets, all continue to remain high. On the paint side of our business, we are seeing paint input costs be stickier and still face some upward pressure. Specifically, we're seeing that is TiO2 in other inputs. And so we're closely monitoring that. And if we have to take additional pricing actions to offset any of this inflation, we will do so, as evidenced by the fact that we put through 10% price in the second quarter. So, we think, we are in good position. We're slightly price cost positive for the second quarter. So we're set up well. But we'll continue to monitor the situation, and we'll react accordingly with additional price if needed -- if need be.
Operator: The next question for today comes from the line of John Lovallo from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
John Lovallo: The first one is maybe just a point of clarification. Did you say that the DIY volumes in the quarter were actually flat, which would be a very good outcome versus your peers? And if so, what do you think were the biggest drivers of that on a relative basis?
John Sznewajs: Yes. DIY volumes for the quarter were relatively flat, yes.
John Lovallo: I'm here.
John Sznewajs: John, did you have a second question?
John Lovallo: Yes. I'm sorry.
John Sznewajs: You heard my answer.
John Lovallo: You said that no. I missed it. They're relatively flat.
John Sznewajs: Sell in, remember, it was greater than sell-out in the quarter. So yes, there were -- so I hope that answers your question. I'm uncertain.
John Lovallo: I was just curious because that is better than some of what your competitors are saying. And I was just curious if you thought what was kind of the differentiating factor there?
John Sznewajs: Yes. I think part of it, John, is if you are -- our results against the second quarter last year, second quarter last year, we had a relatively soft performance in DIY because of the Texas freeze. And so as you think about the year-over-year comparison, we are catching up on that. And so that's why we have better sell-in and sell-out in the second quarter.
Keith Allman: [Multiple Speakers] John, its Keith. Revenue in Dec Arc and the growth in the second quarter, was roughly 80% price and about 20% volume. And then we look at that volume, we're relatively flat in DIY.
John Lovallo: And then in terms of just any inflationary pressures, are you seeing any trade down for consumers in either of your segments?
Keith Allman: Not really. It's been pretty stable. And we've worked hard to reduce the impact of movement along the assortment, from the lower price to the higher price and from PRO to DIY, for example. So there still exists some impact of mix as we see that kind of movement. But we really haven't. We haven't seen evidence of trade down when we look across the volume of our big ticket items, like spas, for example, we continue to see strong demand there, strong backlog of about 25 weeks remaining, so -- which is greater than we would typically see in a normalized environment on our -- in China, where we have really a focus on the higher-end products, that Hansgrohe receives there with a good growth in China, and that continues. Despite the market slowdown, that popped back very nicely. So we're seeing good demand there. And we are seeing good demand on the lower end of our assortment. So overall, have not seen evidence of a significant trade down, and we don't expect any as we move forward through the year.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Susan Maklari: My first question is building off of John's question there. As you take a step back, can you talk a bit about the overall state of the consumer? How it changed during the quarter? What's their willingness to spend is on housing? And are you seeing any signs of elasticity as the pricing continues to come through across the product categories?
Keith Allman: Well, we did see some moderation of demand. And we are seeing some signals of slowdowns as we look at the various leading indicators, if you will, like website searches and those sorts of things that we watch closely. And there was a moderation that mid-quarter, we saw a moderation, and then it's been fairly flat since then. And it's consistent across our categories, and for the specific categories, fairly consistent across the channel. So overall, I think a consistent moderation of demand. Now there's some categories for us that have bucked that trend. We talked about PRO paint sales that was very strong. Our spot sales that we felt were very strong. And international continues to perform very well for us. But faucets and showers, hardware lighting, DIY paint, I would say we're -- we have seen a moderation of demand. As I said, that happened kind of mid-quarter and then has been flattish coming to the rest of the quarter. We expect volumes to be down modestly in the second half. Maybe a little less in Plumbing, a little bit more in Decorative. And I'll remind you that Plumbing had, I think, it was a 16% comp in Q3 and Decorative had a 15% comp. So you can factor that in as you think about the segments on a quarterly basis.
John Sznewajs: Sue, maybe one thing I would add to Keith's comments is, as we look at the consumer, the consumer continues to look healthy to us. We continue to see strong balance sheets. Home Equity continues to look good in this -- in terms of your question about elasticity, if you think about our portfolio, low-ticket repair/remodel products consumers have the flexibility to buy our price. And a lot of our products are for break, fix purposes. And so we're not seeing the consumer bend as a result of the higher prices that they're feeling in the market, at least for our products.
Susan Maklari: I guess as a follow-up, as we do think about the macro environment shifting, are there any early steps you're taking to prepare the business? Or what are the things that you're watching for to indicate that you may need to make some underlying changes in terms of perhaps cost structures or those kinds of things looking out?
Keith Allman: At the end of the day, ultimately, it would be demand for us, and that would be the trigger for us to implement our contingency plans. And that's really a part of our ongoing business planning process. And this is something that we all have experience in dealing with, and it's part of what we do. So pullback on certainly variable costs and discretionary cost that we could execute in the SG&A front, for example, and throttling back growth investments or hires and looking at that variable cost. And depending on the Decorative, as we've proven the ability to do, we could get into the fixed cost as well. So we have contingency plans in place, and we watch leading indicators. I mentioned website traffic. We have deep access and relationships in the channel as it relates to consumer tickets, et cetera. And we watch those leading indicators. But fundamentally, we don't -- we wouldn't execute cost out on a leading indicator. We wait to see where the demand goes. And we're very keenly watching that, and as part of our standard process, meeting on a regular basis with the businesses to review their contingency planning. So this certainly is an area where we have experience in this part of our business. And that's fundamentally how we're looking at it. Having said that, the portfolio as we reconfigured it, what John mentioned with the brake fix component, with the fact that it's lower ticket, and they're high bank for the buck, coupled with the fundamental shifts that we've seen in terms of how people buy and -- products for their home and how they view their home, we feel good about the long-term aspects of our portfolio.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Deepa Raghavan: First question is on price cost. You talked -- you mentioned you are slightly price cost positive in the quarter. Is it true across both the segments? I'm interested in Plumbing comments specifically because it doesn't look like price fully offset inter-quarter headwinds from higher costs.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Deepa. We were slightly price cost positive across both segments, both Plumbing and Decorative Architectural. I think the thing that you might focus on a little bit more is we did have some operational inefficiencies in the second quarter in Plumbing. And as Keith referenced in his prepared remarks, specifically, we had some shipping and some labor inefficiencies in the second quarter that probably would have created more of a headwind for the Plumbing segment.
Deepa Raghavan: Just a follow-up. Can you talk through some of -- any -- some metrics that might have positively surprised you or negatively surprised you in the quarter? I mean, we -- I think I'm looking at the magnitude -- of the magnitude of change that possibly surprised you, and if that changes in the second half of the year.
Keith Allman: We continue to perform well in Europe that we -- I wouldn't say so much that that's a surprise, but it was -- we've watched that performance developed. And that was good to see for our franchise to be able to grow like we did in Europe and China. I think that was very solid. We've talked about now for a number of quarters about how we're working very hard to drive stickiness in the PRO paint demand and as evidenced by our continued growth and share gain in that, part of our business that the team is doing an outstanding job, together with our channel partner to really take advantage of the opportunity that we had with our supply chain excellence when we had an opportunity to acquire a share of wallet of some new customers, to really show them what that Behr paint can do, and we've had positive response there. So I think our continued growth in Europe and our continued stickiness and demonstrated capability to keep our business that we're gaining in the PRO is a couple of positive aspects of the quarter for sure.
John Sznewajs: Yes. I'd say on the negative side, the operational inefficiencies that I just mentioned in the Plumbing were probably a bit more persistent than we had expected. I mean it's been a very dynamic environment, as you well know, in the last couple of quarters. And we thought we would see some improvement. And obviously, we didn't see an improvement in the second quarter that -- the improvement that we had anticipated. Quite honestly, we probably expect some of those inefficiencies to carry over into the third quarter in the Plumbing segment. So there'll continue to be a bit of a headwind for that segment as we go into the third quarter. But we do think things get better as we roll into the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Keith Hughes from Truist. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Keith Hughes: Questions on international plumbing. Strong numbers in the quarter, you have highlighted it in the prepared statement. Spent a lot of fear around Europe. What could be coming? Are you getting any indications that this pace of business could fall off in the second half of the year given some of the energy pressure and various other things going on in the continent?
Keith Allman: As I talked a little bit earlier, Keith, it's a dynamic environment, and we don't have a crystal ball. So we're focused on being free to foot and watching and being ready to make adjustments if there was some sort of significant economic changes. And it's a dynamic environment for sure. But we are not seeing that currently. And we're not seeing that reflected in a trade down. And we continue to see good robust demand through Europe. And we are taking the contingency plans and putting those in place in terms of conversion, as I mentioned, of -- from natural gas to other sources of energy. We've procured the majority of our energy through '23 from renewable sources. So the team is doing a good job to prepare for and address the current challenges in terms of seeing indications of what might happen going forward. We're working hard to be ready for what might happen. But we are not seeing any indications of a turn down in Europe at this point.
John Sznewajs: And Keith, the other thing I would add to Keith's comments, if you think about Hansgrohe, a good portion of the revenue comes from project sales. Think about hospitality or hotels going up, a lot of that takes place in a -- in countries outside of Europe. So that Asia, it's the Middle East. So there's a good fundamental baseline of demand there. We do serve projects in Europe. And even when the consumer market turns down, these projects continue. They have to be finished. And so that will provide some basis of support for Hansgrohe going forward.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
David MacGregor: You talked about the gross profit margins, and the fact that they're going to be under a little more pressure in 3Q, and that we'd expect to improve a little more than 4Q. I wonder if you could just unpack that a little for us and talk about some of the puts and takes that are behind those dynamics.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Certainly. There's a couple of things that are happening there, David. One is -- we talked about the cost recovery element of our Decorative Architectural business where we recoup the dollar cost, the inflation. And so obviously, we talked about -- and we've talked historically about a 5% inflationary increase has about 100 basis points impact on our margins in the segment. And if you think about the fact that we mentioned we had mid-teens inflationary impact in the second quarter, that's a big contributor to some of the gross margin pressure that we're feeling. On top of that, I mean, I think the second thing that would be impacting it would be the slightly lower volumes that we're foreshadowing. So those two, I think, are the two big things that are impacting our gross margins in the second half.
David MacGregor: And then just as a follow-up, I guess given the fact that the macro seems to be softening up here a little bit, I'm just wondering to what extent you've seen your channel partners tapping the brakes on replenishing inventories. And I'm just wondering if you can talk about what you're seeing right now in terms of channel inventory levels and what you're expecting in terms of fluctuations around that over the next two to three quarters.
Keith Allman: It's really a mixed bag. In some cases, we're still a little light on where we'd like to have our channel inventories. For the most part, we've caught up in -- and I think the inventories are in pretty good shape as we work to get inventory in place to better serve the customer and to meet the requirements. A little bit of a pull down in not atypical as some of our bigger plumbing wholesale customers approach their fiscal year-end and fiscal quarter-end, that there'll be some pull back in inventory. So there's a little bit of pullback, I would say, in plumbing and wholesale. But by and large, I think it's fairly stable.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten from Zelman. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Adam Baumgarten: I guess maybe starting in paint. Just given the slower DIY outlook in the second half, do you expect promotional activity to pick up in any meaningful way?
Keith Allman: That really is a decision of our channel partner. I mean, we obviously are together on that in the discussions and the strategy around it. In some cases, based on our partnership, we'll choose to participate in that and help fund some of that. But as we sit right now, I would not expect a material change in the promotion levels. But again, that's a choice of our customer.
Adam Baumgarten: And then just switching gears to Plumbing, just maybe if you could give us some color around the order patterns or showroom traffic that you're seeing in the spa business.
Keith Allman: Well, that continues to be robust. Really, our backlogs, as I mentioned, around 25 weeks and staying there. The orders have been pretty consistent, haven't seen a material movement up or down there. So I would say consistent through the quarter.
Operator: The next question today comes from Phil Ing from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Phil Ng: I guess if demand does soften a bit, what are some of the levers that you guys are talking about in the contingency plan perhaps for next year? And then when we think about decremental margins in that softer demand environment, how should we think about that, John? And then do you anticipate pricing holding in that environment?
John Sznewajs: So Phil, as you think about our contingency plans, we're taking a couple of different flavors, right? I mean, depending on the extent of the softening of demand, some things you do in a simple belt timing. You pull back on open headcount requests. You pull back on advertising, travel and entertainment and things like that. If the decline is more persistent and deeper and longer than you expect, then you have to look at the structural aspects of the business. You have to take out headcount, reduce shifts, things like that. And so we'll see how this plays out. In terms of our decremental margins, they should be fairly consistent with our incremental margins, which are kind of in that 25%, 30% range. We may not have that perfect alignment there. The first quarter of a decline, you can't always get the cost out as quickly as volumes decline. But we're going to try to manage those up as best we can. The one thing that may be helpful as we go into -- if there is a recession, typically, input costs declines. So that could be a little bit of an offset to some of those decremental margins. So that's the way we think about it. Keith, I don't know there's anything else you'd like to add.
Keith Allman: Yes. I talked about the fixed and variable component of the cost plans that we have in place, and it really depends on the depth of it. So I think we hit on that pretty good.
Phil Ng: And then pricing in that environment?
John Sznewajs: Pricing in that environment, I think it depends, again, on what we're seeing in the marketplace. If -- in a rare instance, in a recession, if commodities were doing flat, we have to push through pricing. We typically -- we do have -- by segment, it varies. We typically don't give us back a lot of pricing on the Plumbing side of our business. Obviously, if there was deflation in inputs, we've got that -- the cost recovery on inflationary reverses itself in that environment. And actually, that's when you start see margins expand in our Decorative Architectural segment.
Phil Ng: And then on Plumbing, if I heard you correctly, it sounds like China was still quite strong. Certainly, that part of the world is seeing a lot of COVID lockdowns. I've been impressed that it's held up so well. Any color on how you kind of managing through that and how you're thinking about that business in the back half?
Keith Allman: Yes. I think you know it. That was a real solid performance for us in China, particularly given the shutdown period that was there in the quarter. And I think it really gets back to a combination of three things. We're executing very well. The team there has been a real nice bright spot for us. And so good folks there that are focused on growth no matter what is thrown at them. And the shutdown was significant. Secondly, we are focused on higher-end segment, and we believe we're the share leader in that premium segment. And that tends to have less volatility and I think more consistency. And then thirdly, when you look at where we're selling to in terms of end use, it's primarily, and as John mentioned, into project business or in hotels or in multifamily, et cetera, which has the ability to jump right back after that shutdown, more so than, say, if we were into the lower price point that depended more on retail traffic. So those three things combined have really come together to give us a very nice story in China.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Garik Shmois from Loop Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Garik Shmois: Higher-level question for me. Just want to unpack the comment that DIY paint volumes are coming back down to 2019 levels. I'm just wondering if you're thinking at this point that 2019 is the baseline for that business, just given, on one hand, you've got strong demographic trends, but on the other hand, you had a big surge in DIY demand during the pandemic. So just a little bit higher level on just kind of what the right mode of baseline could be for that business.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think that's exactly how we're thinking about it. We had tremendous DIY demand as the pandemic hit and folks put more of a focus on their home and had more time. And then we've seen some shift as the pandemic restrictions lessened, with the move towards PRO. And we're very happy with how our PRO business has been able to take advantage of that with respect to capacity and supply chain performance, but also keep that as it relates to quality and service and having a good value proposition for the PROs and the stickiness of that share that we gained. So when we look going forward, with the millennials coming in and forming houses, and we know that they're DIYers and they're DIYers for multiple projects based on our research, not just want and done, so to speak, so I think that's a very -- the impact of COVID as it relates to how those DIYers view their home and invest in their home and the equities that they've developed in their home and the savings accounts that we think for the next couple of years, for sure, that the DIY volume is going to have some nice tailwinds because of those structural factors. So yes, we're looking at kind of the great growth during the pandemic. We've come back now to, let's say, a 2019 level in terms of volume. And we see this as the jump-off point for further growth in DIY.
Garik Shmois: I wanted to follow up on capital allocation. I guess I'll take that question. You're focused on paying off the term loan in the second half of the year, so you'll pause on repurchases. But what does that mean for M&A moving forward? Does that take a pause as well just given me the debt payout that's coming due?
John Sznewajs: No, no. I mean we're continuing to look at M&A. We continue to have our teams cultivate potential acquisition candidates. Though you might expect in this environment where things get a little choppy, fewer candidates for sale. That said, our balance sheet is set up. I mean we are in a position to execute on strategic M&A if the right candidates were to emerge in this environment.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Kenneth Zener from KeyBanc. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Kenneth Zener: Look, I don't want to get -- on paint, there's two questions I have. If you're talking about -- I think it was DIY '21 versus '19, could you just maybe say the factors at your total paint volumes? And then could you maybe just level set like how you're thinking about that same comment, first half of this year versus second half, just so we can see kind of how that seasonality and all this COVID stuff is working through, if you have that. But I think the bigger question I'm going to ask is, you guys, its not ying or yang situation because there's a lot of small regional competitors, in my view, that are exceeding share. So can you really kind of maybe talk about where you are today versus 2019? And your PRO initiative, it's not -- doesn't have to be coming [indiscernible]. There's a bunch of private, smaller regional companies that are exceeding that share. Can you maybe just give us a little context around that? Because, obviously, as you guys have raw material availability, you gain share because people came, and now they're staying with you. I think sometimes, the dialogue is just between two data points rather than the broader picture, please.
Keith Allman: We're focused on our business. And on the targeted customers that we have where our value proposition works the best as part of our partnership with the Home Depot. And it's challenging, as I've consistently talked about, in terms of quarter-to-quarter market, size, determination with any kind of accuracy. But when you look at our growth rates, particularly with PRO, there's no question that we're gaining share in PRO. And we've done it now for two, three quarters in a row and demonstrated, I think, some stickiness. And with regards to competition, we have very strong competition in that segment. I think it makes us better, very respectful of them. With regards to where our volume is coming from, I really don't have an answer for that. We know we're outgrowing the market. We're gaining share. You're exactly right. There's regional competitors throughout the country. But we're really focused on how we can best serve our customer. And while we understand market sizing is difficult on a quarter-to-quarter basis, I think it's pretty clear we're gaining share and feel good about the business now. And then moving forward, the structural aspects of DIY that we talked about, the fact that we are a relatively low share in PRO, and we're demonstrating the ability to grow together with our channel partner. So that's how we do it.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Rafe Jadrosich from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Rafe Jadrosich: First, as you look at your CapEx investments for 2022, are you adjusting any of your reflect the moderating demand or changing macro environment?
Keith Allman: No. When you look at the major projects we have and where they're focused, say, European plumbing business, our spa business, this is investments that will start to begin to ramp up in 2023 and won't reach full capacity till after that. So while we're certainly aware and are keenly watching what's happening in the short term here as it relates to a potential slowdown or a pullback, and we have contingency plans in place that we talked about, and we have an experienced base and our leadership team that has operated in this environment several times. So were confident in that. But we're also confident in the fundamentals of our low-ticket DIY, repair and remodel and the PRO aspect of our business for the long term. And it has strong fundamentals and strong correlations to what we think are positive tailwind. So no, we're not going to pull back on these important capacity increases for us, because where they are, what business they're in, what geography they're in, and the confidence we have overall in the long term of our business. So no change in that.
John Sznewajs: And Rafe, the only thing I would add to Keith's good comments is that we have a -- we're high cash flow generating company. And the amount of dollars that we allocate to CapEx is relatively light compared to our free cash flow. So we have the free cash flow to fund these without really pulling back on any other investments that we need to make across the business.
Keith Allman: And in most cases where we look at this capital, they're step-wise where we can begin to capacitize, say, the new factory with various amounts of equipment and staffing. So it's not an all-or-nothing thing as it relates to the total investment. But we have no plans right now to pull back on our capacity -- CapEx rather.
Rafe Jadrosich: And then the guidance implies an improvement in the Plumbing margins, I think in the second half of the year versus the first half. Can you just maybe help us understand how much of that is lower inflation from -- on the metal side versus additional price realization or additional price hikes that you've announced in the first half of the year?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Rafe. If I think about it, the improvement -- the back half of the year in Plumbing is going to be -- Q3 margins, my guess would be very similar to Q2, and Q4 will improve significantly compared to Q4 of last year. So I think the fundamental difference is the improvement in performance in the fourth quarter, relative to the fourth quarter of last year. The pricing -- the improvement in commodity position really will not be much of an impact in the back half of the year. And that's really going to be a 2023 event just given the length of our supply chains and the fact it takes about two quarters for that benefit to flow through and hit our P&L.
Operator: Our final question today comes from the line of Mike Rehaut from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Doug Ward: Doug Ward on for Mike. I was just wondering if you guys could give more color on the supply chain currently. I know you guys have mentioned earlier that you believe inflation has peaked. So I'm just wondering, in terms of the supply chain moving forward and maybe comparing it to earlier in the year and parts of last year, where you guys see yourself in terms of that battle.
Keith Allman: I think we -- when we think about it in terms of pricing, we have -- we're seeing, as John mentioned in an earlier question, we are seeing some pullback day in brass and the copper and zinc and that sort of thing. But we're also seeing some pressure in other spots of the business, TiO2, specialty chemicals and our paint business. So we are still very attuned to the relationship to the commodity inbound pricing and the pricing that we need to have for our customers. And we're staying keenly aware of that. Where the supply chain has -- frankly, is a little tougher than we expected this quarter when we were sitting here a quarter ago thinking about it is in terms of labor costs and freight costs. But importantly, beyond the cost of it, it's really the availability of those two aspects of our input. And when you have freight that is less predictable, the delivery times, as I think we're all seeing even our personal lives where the delivery types of inbound product is not as reliable, the fill rates, the lead times are more challenged, that puts a challenge to the rhythm of manufacturing and to the rhythm of our supply chain. And we did see that in Plumbing this past quarter. So I think that's really what I would highlight that has changed.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Masco Corporation second quarter 202 conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 08:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:04 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. My name is Mary and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] 00:34 I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: 00:41 Thank you, Mary and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2022 first quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at (313) 792-5500. 01:17 Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 01:40 Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. 01:58 With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: 02:03 Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. Masco was off to a great start this year with our first quarter results. Our top line increased 12%, with growth driven by volume and pricing in both segments. Our operating profit declined slightly due to higher commodity and freight costs, as inflation reached mid-teens for the quarter. 02:30 Despite these higher costs, we achieved sequential margin improvement through pricing actions and expense controls, as SG&A as a percentage of sales improved 110 basis points to 15.9% of sales, even with higher marketing and growth initiative investment. Our earnings per share for the quarter was $0.95, a 7% increase compared to the very strong first quarter of 2021. 03:02 Turning to our segments. Plumbing grew 11% in local currency, with 10% growth in North American Plumbing and 12% growth in International Plumbing. This impressive performance was against a 27% comp. Our Plumbing business remains well positioned for growth with our market leading brands, new product introductions and healthy backlogs. 03:30 Furthermore, international markets, including Europe remains strong and customers report continued pent-up demand and a strong backlog of projects. In regards to Russia and Ukraine, Masco has very little exposure as we sold approximately EUR40 million of product into those countries in 2021, and had since ceased operations. 03:55 And our Decorative Architectural segment sales grew 17%, as Behr continued its tremendous performance with low-double digit growth in DIY paint and then another quarter of over 50% growth in pro-paint. Our paint business is performing extremely well, as evidenced by our strong results. 03:20 We continue to work very closely with our partner the Home Depot on our paint strategy and we are jointly investing with them to drive continued share gains in both our DIY and PRO paint businesses. We also continue to launch new products, achieve industry leading quality ratings and are pleased with the performance of our recently launched Behr aerosols, caulks and interior stain programs. 04:44 Turning to capital allocation. We repurchased $364 million of our stock during the quarter and an additional $50 million in April. Based on our positive outlook for our business and current market conditions, we now expect to repurchase approximately $900 million of our stock this year, an increase from our previous expectation of at least $600 million. To assist with this, we have secured an additional $500 million in short-term funding that we will likely deploy in an accelerated share repurchase transaction. 05:23 Lastly, inflation has remained persistent and we now expect double-digit cost inflation for the full year, up from our original view of high-single digits, as freight, metals and paint input costs continue to face upward pressure. This increase in our inflation expectation will pressure margins, even though we fully expect to recover the cost and maintain operating profit dollars. Therefore, as a result of our strong first quarter performance, higher sales expectations and likely lower share count, we are raising our earnings per share expectation for the year to be between $4.15 to $4.35 per share, an increase from our previous expectations of $4.10 to $4.30. 06:19 Finally, let's turn to our longer-term view on our markets and our outlook. We are clearly in a period of rising interest rates and inflation. As we discussed last quarter, and as indicated in our guidance last quarter and this quarter, we expect our sales growth to moderate from the rapid growth we have experienced over the past 18 months. However, times like these are the very reason we transformed the Masco over the past several years to be a focused business model of low-ticket, repair and remodel products with product, end user and geographic diversification. We believe this model will outperform even through rising interest rates and inflationary cycles. 07:06 We have a healthy mix of both PRO and Do-It-Yourself oriented end-users, and estimate our end user mix to be approximately 50% professional and 50% DIY. Our low ticket products are used in both normal, weekend repair projects as well as full home remodels. Our low ticket branded nature of products affords us the ability to raise prices to offset cost inflation. And our shift away from new construction means that our business is much less sensitive to changes in interest rates and more aligned with the health of the consumer and home values. 07:47 We also believe in addition to the changes we have made to our portfolio. There are numerous structural factors to housing such as demographics, age of housing stock and how consumers view their homes that will be supportive of increased repair and remodel activity even in a rising interest rate environment. We're on the leading edge of a large 75 million millennial cohort forming households and entering the housing market. 2.7 million more homes will reach the prime remodeling ages of between 20 and 39 years old over the next three years. 08:25 The COVID-19 pandemic has clearly increased the desire for more enjoyable living spaces, which has led to increased home demand and remodel expenditures. And the consumer and homeowners have strong balance sheets, with more than $2 trillion in savings and home equity values at all-time highs. All of these structural forces provide tailwinds for our business. The changes we have made to our business and the structural factors supporting our markets give us the confidence to increase our earnings per share outlook and our share repurchases for the year, positioning us well to continue to drive long-term shareholder value. 09:09 I'll now turn the call over to John for additional detail on our first quarter results and full-year outlook. John?
John Sznewajs: 09:19 Thank you, Keith and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. 09:31 Turning to Slide 7. We capitalized on the continued healthy demand for our industry-leading brands, delivered in a solid start to the year with sales increasing 12% in the quarter against the robust 25% comp in the first quarter of last year. Net selling prices increased sales by 9%, the higher volumes increased sales by 5%. This was partially offset by 1% each related to currency and divestitures. 10:04 Sales grew 14% excluding the net impact of acquisitions, divestitures and currency. In local currency, North American sales increased 14%. This outstanding performance was driven by strong growth in both DIY and pro-paint, as well as faucets, showers and spas. The main drivers of this growth were increased net selling prices, which increased sales by 9%, the higher sales volumes, which increased sales by 3%. 10:38 In local currency, international sales increased 12% or 18% excluding divestitures. Higher volumes increased sales by 9%. Net selling prices increased sales by 7% favorable mix added 1%. Gross margin of 32.1% was impacted by higher commodity and logistics cost in the quarter. As we discussed in our previous earnings call, price cost had a peak impact on our P&L in the fourth quarter of 2021. We experienced a 140 basis point sequential improvement in the first quarter of 2022. 11:21 Our SG&A as a percentage of sales improved to 110 basis points to 15.9% due to operating leverage and continued cost containment activities across our businesses. Operating profit in the first quarter was $356 million and operating margin of 16.2%. Our EPS was $0.95 in the quarter, an increase of 7% compared to the first quarter of 2021. 11:48 Turning to Slide 8. Plumbing growth was 9% or 12%, excluding the net impacts of currency, acquisitions and divestitures. This strong performance was achieved against the healthy 22% comp in the first quarter of last year. Pricing and volume contributed approximately equally to segment growth. North American sales increased 10% in local currency. This performance was led by Delta, it drove strong growth across their wholesale, retail and e-commerce channels. 12:25 Watkins Wellness was also a contributor to growth as it continue to capitalize on increasing demand and the increasing trend towards outdoor living. International Plumbing sales increased 12% in local currency or 18% excluding divestitures. Hansgrohe grew across their markets with particular strength in a key markets of Germany, China, France and the UK. 12:57 Segment operating profit in the first quarter was $228 million and operating margin was 16.8%, a 410 basis point sequential improvement in margin. Operating profit was impacted by inflation and higher variable costs on items such as personnel and marketing expenses which partially offset by higher net selling prices and incremental volume. 13:20 Turning to Slide 9. Decorative Architectural sales increased 17% for the first quarter. Our pro-paint business delivered another quarter of more than 50% growth, driven by ongoing momentum with PRO customers as we continued to deliver value to these customers through our service capabilities and our innovative high quality products. This coupled with our strong operational execution resulted in further share gains in our PRO business. 13:53 We expect pro-paint demand to remain strong and we continue to invest in the PRO along with our partner, The Home Depot, a new services to retain and grow our penetration with the PRO customer. Our DIY business also performed well in the quarter. Sales grew low-double digits against a strong comp in the first quarter of last year. Operating profit was $158 million in the quarter, up $16 million or 11% and operating margin was 18.8%. This performance was driven by higher net selling prices and incremental volume, partially offset by higher commodity costs and variable expenses along with investments to drive future growth. 14:37 Turning to Slide 10. Our balance sheet is strong with net debt to EBITDA at 1.7 times. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion of balance sheet liquidity. Working capital as a percent of sales was 20.1%. This percentage was elevated in the first quarter largely due to higher inventory levels to meet the demand of our customers, cost inflation in delays in receipts in delivery of materials. Despite these challenges, through focused execution, we continue to refine our inventory levels, expect working capital as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.5% at year-end. 15:21 We also continued our focus on shareholder value creation by deploying $414 million to share repurchases during the first four months of the year. With our aggressive repurchase of stock in Q1 and our current outlook, we now anticipate repurchasing approximately $900 million for the full year, an increase from our previous guidance of approximately $600 million. To facilitate this, yesterday, we executed a $500 million one-year term loan from a group of banks, to provide additional liquidity for share repurchases. We anticipate deploying this $500 million shortly, in the form of an accelerated share repurchase transaction. Concurrently, we extended the maturity of our $1 billion revolving credit facility by three years to April of 2027. 16:17 Finally, let's turn to Slide 11 and review our outlook for 2022. Our strong first quarter performance, additional pricing actions and favorable outlook for our markets, we now expect full year sales growth for Masco in the range of 7% to 11%, excluding foreign currency up from our previous guidance of 4% to 8%. We anticipate full year operating margins to be in the range of 17% to 17.5%. 16:51 In our Plumbing segment, we now expect 2020 sales growth to be in the range of 5% to 9% excluding foreign currency, up from our previous guidance of 3% to 7%. Given current exchange rates, foreign currency is expected to unfavorably impact plumbing revenue by approximately 2% or $90 million. We anticipate the full year plumbing margins will be in the range of 18.5% to 19%. 17:19 In our Decorative Architectural segment, we expect 2022 sales to grow in the range of 10% to 14%, up from our previous guidance of 6% to 10%. Looking specifically at paint growth for 2022, we currently anticipate our DIY business to increase low-double digits, up from our previous guidance of high-single digits. And our PRO business to increase high-teens up from our previous guidance of mid-teens. We anticipate the full year Decorative Architectural margin to be approximately 17.5% to 18%. As we have previously discussed in this segment, pricing actions typically only recover the dollar amount of inflation. As a result, all else equal operating dollars remain neutral from cost recovery pricing action, but results in margin compression. 18:14 Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, our updated 2022 EPS estimate is $4.15 to $4.35, which represents 15% EPS growth at the midpoint of the range. This assumes the $236 million average diluted share count for the full year. Additional modeling assumptions for 2022 can be found on Slide 14 in our earnings deck. 18:42 With that, I would like to open the call for Q&A. Operator? Mary, we'd like to open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: 19:00 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Stephen Kim: 19:32 Great. Thanks very much guys. Yeah. Good results and the exciting times out there. So we appreciate the guidance here. I wanted to see, if we could get a little bit more in the way of specifics around what you're doing with the PRO business that you -- you said you're up 50% again, raising your guide for the year in terms of the PRO-side of the business. You alluded to programs and services to retain those new customers. I was wondering, if you could give us a little bit more granularity around that, so that we can frame how this business is going to comp so strongly later this year?
Keith Allman: 20:08 Thanks for the question, Stephen. Its Keith. Good morning. Our business, our PRO business is doing very well and I think it's important to highlight that it begins with the strength of the brand, with the achievements we've made with regards to the quality in the can and how the consumer perceives it as well as the overall customer satisfaction on the consumer side. So there continues to be real strong consumer pull-through the channel, based on the investments that we've made for a long, long time and the strength of those investments. So it begins with what we have to sell and we're selling a very good paint and the consumers and the PROs appreciate that. 20:52 I think with the strong execution that we've had in our supply chain and kudos not only to the Behr team and R&D and the folks in the factory, but our supply base has been with us for decades. And we're very loyal and they're very loyal to us and they've done an outstanding job through very difficult circumstances. So that is really the core of what's driven our success is strong execution and strong brand service and innovation. 21:22 In terms of our programs that we're developing and are launching to continue to drive the growth and to give us confidence in the raise that we've made in our guidance. I'm not going to get into the details for obvious reasons, but they are focused on rewarding customers who continue to give us more share of their wallet and that's really what we're targeting. We've had the opportunity to get Behr paint into a lot more PROs hands and frankly, they like that, and we're developing programs to continue to do that to get our paint in more PROs hand. And then to add to stickiness and to help us maintain as much share of wallet of those new customers as we can.
Stephen Kim: 22:11 And just in terms of timing on that, Keith, can you give us a sense for, are those programs which you are currently rolling out now or are these -- when should we expect these to really be at full force? I would -- this year, like second quarter or third quarter?
Keith Allman: 22:33 As I've -- we've talked about frequently. I think the best indication of our future performance is what we've done in the past and look at what we've been able to do and this steady growth in PRO has been an evolution where we continually launch new programs, be it on and the execution side of delivery and job site delivery and high-speed tinting, and those types of advantages to programs that we developed jointly with The Home Depot to make the in-store experience better to how we service with regards to our technical representation and our -- in the field reps to what we do for loyalty programs and the like. So it will be a combination of things that are happening now and we will continue to roll out. There will be new things that happen and it's -- and we plan on continuing that as we have really since the start of the program.
Stephen Kim: 23:26 Okay. Great. Thanks very much. Best of luck.
Keith Allman: 23:31 Thank you.
Operator: 23:33 Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Matthew Bouley: 23:41 Hey. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the questions. So, it sounded like your direct exposure to Russia and Ukraine is relatively small, but I think the investor concern is probably more related to the knock-on effects to sort of the rest of European demand. Just how are you guys thinking about sort of the rest of the impacts to the Hansgrohe business in Europe, just as a result of everything that's going on there? Thank you.
Keith Allman: 24:11 As we said in the prepared remarks, relatively low level of exposure as it relates to demand in both those countries, call it EUR40 million and we ceased operations there. Our supply chain and our supply base, if you will, does not have anything inbound or interrelated with those two countries. So really, I would say there is no direct impact. Certainly, we're watching very carefully with regards to the indirect impact we have seen, we believe some fuel, oil increases in price that were indirectly related obviously to the conflict. As it stands now in Europe, as John highlighted in a detailed remarks, we continue to see strong demand really across our main countries of Germany, France, UK where we do a significant amount of our volume and that's continued to be robust and the consumer traffic, the health of the consumer and our demand patterns continue to be strong. So at this point we have not seen any indirect knock-on effect of the conflict, but obviously, we're watching that very carefully and we will continue to do so.
Matthew Bouley: 25:27 Got it. Thank you for that, Keith. And then second one just to press on the PRO paint business in another way, obviously, competitors have spoken to gaining access to raw material supply again, the specific question is just, if we should think about any sort of competitive dynamics emerging as you've got multiple industry participants talking about market share and specifically, is there anything on the pricing side that we should be aware of on that front? Thank you.
Keith Allman: 25:58 Yeah. I don't have anything particularly to add more color to with regards to pricing, other than what we've made in our comments. When we look at our competition, I respect them, a lot. We have great competition, there is no question about it. And I think to a large degree, were as good as we are, because of the pressure that they put on us. So I welcome the competition and their strong, I respect them. With regards to how this market share shakes out as capacity becomes more realigned, I think you see our confidence in the guide that we've changed. And we certainly wouldn't do that, if we didn't have that kind of confidence and fundamentally that confidence is based on the fact that we have an incredibly strong brand. We've got outstanding quality. 26:55 We have a reputation for outstanding customer service and this is reports from third-parties. This isnt just Masco's view on our own paint business. So we have strong paint to begin with. We've demonstrated the strength of our supply chain and our team at Behr and our team and our suppliers. So we've got a strong team with a great product and great recognition and when we have the opportunity to get that paint into more PROs hands, we continue to see that kind of feedback, its very positive. And thanks to our supply chain for being able to put us in that position. And our intent is to continue to work hard to keep as much of the share of wallet of those new painters that have tried us and so far, it's is working pretty good. So, very much respect the competition, but also extremely confident in our paint business as reflected in our guidance.
Matthew Bouley: 27:46 Great. Well, thank you for that, Keith and good luck.
Operator: 27:54 Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo from UBS. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: 28:01 Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my questions as well. The first one on the ASR, which I think is very positive and I think it sends a very strong message. I just wanted to be clear, it sounds like that's fairly definitive, are they're going to go forward with that, and the timing could be near term. But I guess the question is what was sort of the factors that led you to that decision to go forward with that?
John Sznewajs: 28:24 Yeah, John. Hey. Good morning. It's John. You're right. We are looking at this ASR obviously, we -- by the fact that we entered into that the one-year term loan yesterday as a pretty good indication of that. The way we're looking at this, we've seen -- and when it comes down to value creation, right. We've seen this share price retreat a little bit this year And as we look forward, we're just -- the way we're looking at this is we're simply pulling forward our future cash flows with the term loan to buy back these shares because weve repurchased $400 million to date and maybe we got this heavy working capital, at this time of year. That was a reason we took out the additional loan just for the liquidity, we needed for the transaction. So because of where we see the share price, the strength we're continuing to see in our business and we think is a pretty realistic view as to how we see the repair, remodel market developing even in this rising rate environment. 29:15 We feel it's the appropriate time and the right time to put our balance sheet to use to be a little bit more aggressive on share repurchases and further enhance shareholder value. And we've always said that our share repurchase program would be programmatic, but we also said that we would be opportunistic, if we saw a little bit of a dislocation and we think this is one of those times. And so that's why we really pursued this transaction at this time.
John Lovallo: 29:57 Yeah. That makes a lot of sense. We would agree. Okay. And then on the plumbing supply chain, weve seen a lot of the components are coming out of China. Curious, what the Shanghai shutdowns have done and what you see going forward in relation to the supply chain?
Keith Allman: 30:13 It's an important thing that we're watching for sure. As we -- both in terms of demand in China, we do roughly about $300 million of demand in China, as well as the source of products coming out of China. We've -- first and foremost concern with our employees and ensuring their safety and really, we feel good about that aspect of it. I'm happy to be able to say that, but we're currently our supply chain. While, it continues in general to be tough and to require extra special effort to manage really the challenges that have been going on for some time. We're going to do, okay. And we expect as Shanghai and Beijing come out of the lockouts that with the underlying growth in the market in China, that will be able to do, okay there. And to date, we haven't had while it's still a challenge. We haven't had significant issues coming out due to the shutdown of those two cities and we expect it to stay that way.
John Lovallo: 31:18 Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: 31:22 Our next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mike Dahl: 31:28 Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. The first question, I mean obviously, alluded to kind of the some of the potential puts and takes with housing and how home improvement evolves. So I'm wondering, if you're seeing anything whether in -- something more discretionary like your Spa business or anything in sellout trends. Could you talk about how you're looking at some of your kind of leading-edge positions in terms of evaluating whether or not you're seeing consumer softening come through and maybe what else you're watching most closely in this environment?
Keith Allman: 32:10 I'd point to a couple of things, Mike. We -- as expected are seeing some tempering of the call it, white hot demand we've seen in the last 18 months. We've talked about that last quarter and while demand this quarter was a little bit better than we expected, there is a little bit of tempering from what we've seen in the past 18 months. However, it's still strong. We are not seeing really any sort of evidence. There's a little bit of a mix shift but nothing material, where the consumer continues to be willing to spend as driven by the overall change in the view of the housing -- the home in our view driven by COVID. And we're seeing strong sales in our spas that backlog of our spas, a very expensive discretionary item, but in the right spot as it relates to the whole wellness trend and that backlog continues to be in that 30 week range. So that's strong. 33:15 Hansgrohe and our higher end shower systems continue to sell well. We're seeing our shower doors, which are relatively expensive continue to sell well. So, no real mix down, strong traffic, good backlogs and again, this all feeds into why we've decided to change our guide in the first quarter which typically we don't do because we like what we're seeing and the strength of the consumer.
John Sznewajs: 33:44 Mike, what I would just add to Keith's comment is, in terms of sell-in and sell-through, Id say its pretty balanced during the quarter across all product categories. We didn't see any significant change in that whatsoever through the quarter.
Mike Dahl: 33:58 Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you for those comments. My second question, just wanted to ask for clarification on price cost certainly understand your comments around Dec Arc and that's always been dollar recovery not margin percentage recovery, but when we look at the new full year guide for margin, both on a consolidated and segment basis. Is there an expectation for price cost neutrality, price cost favorability and how should we be thinking about that in terms of cadence, i.e., are there incremental headwinds in the second quarter because of what you've seen, but then you catch back up in the second half? Just a little more color on that would be great.
Keith Allman: 34:46 We exited the quarter price cost neutral and we expect that to continue in the second quarter. Now, we don't have a crystal ball for where commodities are going to go, but our intention and our strategy hasn't changed. We think we have the right to drive price increases as needed. Obviously, our first choice is to work with productivity and with our supply base and our customers to minimize the impact, but to take price where we need to, as we see inflation and we don't know where that's going to go, but we continue to monitor and maybe John, if you could give a little bit of color on that.
John Sznewajs: 35:26 Yeah. Mike, maybe give you a little more color just on what we're seeing in terms of inflation across the portfolio, we continue to see some inflation across our cost pass particularly, in terms of freight inflation. In terms of the raw materials, copper has been pretty stable over the course of the last quarter, so but zinc has increased since the start of the year. In paint input costs, including resins and TiO2 continue to escalate. And I'd say that inflation is kind of in the range of 20% plus. Like, I mentioned freight packaging pallets and fuel continued to remain high, so that inflation continues. And so that impacts a little bit of our margin guide that we gave for the year. So we think we've got cost recovery coming, but then mainly in the back half will see particularly in the plumbing segment, we think we see margin expansion in the back half of the year. But that will -- the incremental inflation will weigh a little bit on because of cost recovery in the paint, will weigh a little bit on our margins.
Mike Dahl: 36:39 Okay. Got it. All right. Thanks, Keith. Thanks, John.
Operator: 36:44 Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: 36:53 Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I just wanted to dial back to the demand backdrop and I believe you said earlier that sell-through is kind of consistent with sell-in, which is always a good sign. I was curious about during the quarter, we've heard different noise at parts at points over the past couple of months around either demand remaining robust or may be slowing a little bit different chatter out there anecdotal. Wanted to kind of get your take on your experience around demand trends January, February, March and if there's been any differences in April across plumbing and Dec Arc?
Keith Allman: 37:49 Well, we've not keen on talking about in the month changes in April. I'll tell you that we exited the quarter strong and that remains. In terms of different channel breakdowns of where we saw our demand broad-based and strong demand in North America and international. In international, we saw growth across really most of our geographies, but particularly in China, and Germany. And we've talked about our PRO demand being very strong and that continues. Continued strength in pro-paint in the quarter and feel that that's while we consistently say it's difficult to pin down the size of the market in any one quarter. We think that's indicative with those high growth rates of share gain. And our outdoor spas and fitness systems remaining historically strong. So the demand was pretty steady through the quarter that we just finished. We've exited strong and that continued.
John Sznewajs: 38:52 Yeah, Mike. The one additional color point that I'd give you on the quarter is, if you think about how the quarter evolved just from a COVID perspective, January was a little bit more impacted by COVID and as people were coming out of the year-end holidays and so, perhaps a little bit less activity in January, but things got stronger, as the quarter developed so, into February and into March, so that maybe be help you out a little bit in terms of color.
Michael Rehaut: 39:21 No, that is very helpful. I appreciate that. I guess just secondly, with the different moving pieces, I'm kind of shifting to the margin front here and kind of appreciate that, obviously, you're offsetting the incremental inflation with more pricing dollars keeping the price cost neutral on a dollar basis broadly speaking, but sequentially, any type of thoughts when you think about Plumbing and Dec Arc 2Q versus 1Q? Should we think about perhaps -- I would think, all else equal given there's typically that lag in price against cost inflation. Should we be thinking perhaps of 2Q margins across both segments being slightly lower than 1Q sequentially, and then obviously, the catch-up in the back half or I know you don't want to get too much into that weeds on the quarters, but I think given the environment, it would be helpful.
Keith Allman: 40:33 Yeah. Let me give you a little bit of color on plumbing, I think that would be most helpful. As expected, we saw a significant sequential improvement in our plumbing margin in the first quarter. In the first quarter, we did see higher commodity and supply chain costs flow through the P&L and call it, a more normalized spending level of investment in such things marketing head count, growth initiatives, et cetera., and this was partially offset by our pricing actions. So as a result, as we expected, our price cost relationship improved nicely in the first quarter, Im talking about plumbing here, and that will continue to improve for the rest of the year. 41:15 In terms of how we see the year playing out going forward in plumbing, the relationship year-over-year in plumbing will improve each quarter going forward. And we do expect to see margin expansion in the back half of the year in plumbing and hence, the guide for 18.5 to 19. I think when you look at Decorative Architectural, the main story there is the relationship between pricing for dollar increases and the margin impact on that.
John Sznewajs: 41:45 Mike, the other to think about, if you think about sequential Q1 to Q2, is generally, Q2 is our strongest volume quarter. So while we may be facing some headwinds in terms of margin from the price cost and we do generate a lot more volume in Q2, which should help on the margin side as well.
Michael Rehaut: 42:08 Great. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: 42:12 Our next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Susan Maklari: 42:21 Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My first question is, just kind of building off of your last comment. When you think about the year and the sequence of the upcoming quarters across both the segments. Do you expect that we will see normal seasonality, even though it sounds like we came into this year with quite a bit of strength across your business?
John Sznewajs: 42:43 Yeah, I would expect that there would be, the traditional seasonality Susan with Q1. I'm sorry, Q1 probably being our softest quarter and then Q2 and Q3 being this seasonal stronger seasonal selling. That said, obviously, we're up against the comp issue and so we faced a pretty tough comp in the first quarter of this year. A pretty strong comp in the second quarter of last year. And then, obviously, the back half of the year, we were up against the tough comps of 20, -- the second half of 2020 which reduced our sales growth in the back half of 21. Factoring kind of the anomalies of how the pandemic played through the financials over the course of last couple of years, we would expect that traditional seasonality to apply.
Susan Maklari: 43:39 Okay. That's helpful. And then my second question is on the DIY paint side. You also increased your guide there to. I think, low-double digits from high-single digit growth for the year as you sort of look out and you think because that's coming off of a much more established mature kind of a business there, but as we think about the underlying housing trends that are coming through people especially, younger people continuing to enter homeownership, does that suggest that, that is a business that can sustainably operate at just a much higher volume level? And what does that mean then in terms of the pricing and the margin trajectory across paint?
Keith Allman: 44:18 We definitely believe that in particular with the point you mentioned, as it relates to the millennial cohort coming in and being first time homebuyers and entering that market. And knowing and seeing with our research that they are DIYers. And that's an extremely helpful component to this DIY business. We think it's -- that it's stabilized and we think it's stabilized at a very good number for us, as it relates to the overall size of the market and the demand. 44:50 With regards to your question looking forward on margin, really that hasn't changed, with regards to our approach to margin in an escalating commodity cost environment that puts pressure on our margins that we've discussed that thoroughly. Conversely, as we -- as those commodities begin to abate that would help our margin. So I think, if you look at our guide for margin that really is right in the range of how this business is expected to perform with those dynamics of the pricing.
Susan Maklari: 45:23 Okay. Great. Thank you very much. Good luck with everything.
Keith Allman: 45:26 Thank you.
Operator: 45:28 Our next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Deepa Raghavan: 45:37 Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Nice increase to the volume guide. Just curious what's driving the full-year volume higher? Is it mostly price or is there some, I'm sorry, not volume the full-year organic growth higher, is it most of it, price at this point in time, is there also some volume in bulk in there? And if you can provide us with the split of volume versus price in the full year guide that would be helpful?
John Sznewajs: 46:12 Yeah, Deepa. It's John. No. In terms of your question, you're absolutely, it's both a combination of price and volume that's driving our organic growth for the year. In terms of the breakdown of price and volume, as you might expect in this inflationary environment this year, it's going to be more, more price than volume, but we do expect volume growth across both our segments for the year. At this point, we're not going to get into the specifics of the breakdown of the two components of price and volume.
Deepa Raghavan: 46:50 Okay. That's fine. In terms of margin guide, just to clarify, you're baking in only the inflation you're seeing so far, correct? Is there any future inflation also that you're assuming, just trying to square that lowered margin guidance and see if inflation continues, is there further risk to the margin or are you baking in some cushion within?
John Sznewajs: 47:22 Yeah. I would say, Deepa to that question in terms of the  inflation I'd say the guidance contemplates the inflation we've seen here in the first quarter and what the foreseeable inflation is that we are experiencing if there is something that materially changes beyond where kind of current market conditions change that is not contemplated in our guide.
Deepa Raghavan: 47:45 Thanks very much for the color. Good luck.
Operator: 47:52 Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: 47:59 Questions on inventory, the inventory count was up a good bit year-over-year, if you could talk about what's much of the inflation, what units look like year-over-year? Just changing any kind of view of production schedules for the remainder of the year?
John Sznewajs: 48:17 Yeah, Keith. In terms of inventory here, there are number of things that were touched upon inventory, you're right, you hit on one of them. Inflation is clearly a component of what drove the inventory levels higher. We are carrying higher levels of safety stock at this point because of the some of the tightness we've seen in raw materials, particularly on the input side like paint for instance, if we could procure or secure more of that product we were, we'd be -- we took advantage of the opportunity to buy more inventory and there were still been a little bit of supply chain, there was -- that caused our inventory so more time on the water for our products. So we feel like we're in a good position from an inventory level in terms of how we're producing or does it change has any changes in our production. No, not really. Not at all. 49:13 And as I mentioned on our prepared remarks, while inventor is high at this stage of the year, we do anticipate driving that inventory down further as the year progresses and we do think we can get that to a much more normal level as we exit 2022.
Keith Hughes: 49:32 Okay. Thank you.
Operator: 49:34 Our next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois from Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Garik Shmois: 49:43 Hi. Thanks. Just a follow-up on the inventory question. Do you think there is any opportunity for you to participate in any channel fill with your customers as raw material supply improves?
Keith Allman: 49:55 As we talked earlier there, we see the sell-in roughly matching the sell-out the POS. So we think the inventories have been relatively stable in the channel. Now in spots, we've been able to catch up and others frankly, I think we'd like to have a little bit more inventory in the channel, so it's getting slightly better. And I would say that that represents maybe a little bit of upside for channel fill going forward as we're not quite where we would like to be.
Garik Shmois: 50:28 Got it. And then just a clarification on the ASR, is that separate from the $900 million that you have for buybacks and M&A in the guidance or is that included in the guidance?
John Sznewajs: 50:41 No, that's included in the guidance, Garik, so the -- if you think about the $400 million or so that we purchased -- we repurchased year-to-date and then you contemplate the $500 million ASR that comprises the $900 million total that we're talking about.
Garik Shmois: 51:04 Got it. Thank you.
Operator: 51:05 Our next question comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten from Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Adam Baumgarten: 51:13 Hey. Good morning, everyone. Just a question, you mentioned a little bit of a mix impact earlier in the call. I think there may have been a comment around potential trade down. Can you just elaborate on that?
John Sznewajs: 51:25 Yeah. Adam perhaps we misspoken, if anything we've seen a little bit of mix up in the quarter. And I think with the mix was perhaps most favorable in our Plumbing segment. We've seen pretty good growth in some of Hansgrohe's higher in lines over in Europe and some of it has to do with the fact that as you may recall, we do a fair amount of international projects and some of those projects spec in higher priced products. And so that's one area we did see some favorable mix also I think in the Decorative Architectural segment and some of our other businesses, the outset of paint so Liberty Hardware I saw some improved mix, there selling some more shower doors and things like that, which shows some favorable mix.
Keith Allman: 52:11 And just to add on, and to be a little bit -- to be clear, we really don't expect a significant impact either way, with regards to mix as we look forward through the 2022.
Adam Baumgarten: 52:23 Got it. Good to hear. And then just switching gears to plumbing on the margin side. Just curious how much of a margin headwind some of that variable spend was in the quarter and what that should look like for the full year?
John Sznewajs: 52:36 It wasn't much of a headwind, Adam. In terms of that incremental spend some of that, with the growth that we've been experiencing we're just putting some investment in to sustain current levels and actually invest in future -- for future growth. And so I don't think that will be a significant impact, either in the quarter or for the full year.
Adam Baumgarten: 52:57 Got it. Thanks.
Operator: 53:02 Our next question comes from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Phil Ng: 53:08 Hey, guys. Congrats on a really strong quarter. Appreciate the update on the guidance. I mean your business certainly, smaller ticket nature should be far more resilient, but just given all the inflation we're seeing and potentially lower housing turnover. How do you kind of see the demand profile shaping up in the year pretty steady. I know there is some comp nuances, but at least, we're hearing maybe some softness with some of the consumers out there?
Keith Allman: 53:35 As we've consistently said through this call and last quarter demand remained solid and strong and that is broad-based across our geographies across our channels and across as we talked about with regards to mix, our price points, so continued steady confidence. As it relates to your comment on existing home sales, it's still a strong number. And that's a number that's a very productive for us and when we look through this year, our backlogs remain strong, international markets are performing well, spot backlogs at 30 weeks, pro-paint is doing extremely well. And we've been able to do that, while getting price to offset inflation and driving productivity and managing a complicated supply chain, the set of issues. The home price appreciation, the consumers balance sheet, all those things really are that we would call cyclical factors that are tailwinds to us. And then you add on to that the structural factors around age of the housing stock and the millennials coming into the market, we think this is set up for a very strong several years of demand for us. So we're looking good through 22 and we like the backdrop.
Phil Ng: 55:03 That's great color, Keith. And then from a raw material standpoint, just curious, perhaps John, how that kind of ripples through your P&L just appreciating that some of this, the movement in commodity there might be a lag because you're buying component. So help us understand perhaps that ripple effect through your P&L? And then when we think longer-term your ability, call it, in 20 to 24 getting your margins back to where it's been the last few years appreciating there is some noise right now with inflation?
John Sznewajs: 55:32 Yeah. Phil. I mean, we give you just refresh everyone's memory, in terms of how commodities flow through and hit our P&L. Its a little bit of difference between the two segments. So, given the length of our supply chains in the Plumbing segment, it takes about two quarters for any inflation to kind of ripple through and directly impact our P&L. And you kind of saw that in 2021. As particularly copper and zinc inflated last year and saw a little bit more of a margin headwind in the back half of the year. 56:01 In terms of the Decorative Architectural segment because supply chains are a little bit shorter, the timing to -- for that to flow through and hit our P&L is a little bit shorter as well, and so I'd say that's kind of in the order of magnitude of 90 to 120 days or so. So we feel good about that. As we look forward and get beyond this inflationary period, as Keith alluded to earlier, there is a dynamic in our paint business, it's a bit unique as we see commodities rollover, we could potentially see some margin expansion in that segment because of just the way the math works on that. 56:43 In the Plumbing segment, I would say, longer term, there has been the ability to recoup margin on inflation. This inflation will perhaps a little bit different only because of the amount of inflation that we're seeing right now. And then in particular, some of our bigger businesses over in Europe put through pricing on a regular basis and then contemplate maintaining margin on that. So, we might be able to see some of that take place as we get out of this inflationary environment.
Phil Ng: 57:16 Okay. Thanks a lot. Appreciate the color.
Operator: 57:22 Our last question comes from the line of Truman Patterson from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Truman Patterson: 57:28 Keith, John, good morning and thanks for taking my questions. First, John, I was hoping you could just give an update or state of the union on the supply chain in the United States, specifically, I realize there is some moving parts in -- with the China shut downs, but hoping you can give an update of the supply chain versus either late 21, early 2022 in the U.S. regarding labor raw material availability, transportation, et cetera.
Keith Allman: 58:01 Sure, Truman. In terms of those aspects of the supply chain. I would say, the things on the margin in terms of supply of material are, we're starting to see -- we're seeing improvement. Again, it's on the margin and its not anywhere near back to where it was pre some of these supply chain issues taking place. Labor is depending on location. We either -- we're seeing the tightness or good supply of labor. So, depending on which we are plans they happen to be. It's a little bit variable, but it's something that we're continuing to -- our ops teams are continuing to drive very closely -- look at very closely, but we think we're in pretty good shape from a labor position. 58:53 I would still say that shipping and freight is tight in North America. Maybe were seeing very modest changes, but overall, that's the one area that we're probably watching most closely is both inbound and outbound freight./
Truman Patterson: 59:11 Okay. Thanks for that. And then, final one, you all imagine you have a pretty long history of Delta Plumbing operating margins. I'm just hoping you can maybe compare and contrast 2021 or your expectations of 2022, compared to prior periods of elevated inflation and how margin has performed. Have there been any notable structural shifts that may be, make the current period relatively outperform prior periods?
John Sznewajs: 59:47 In terms of historical periods, obviously, I mean we haven't seen an inflationary environment like this in, in-base metals in a long, long time, right. I'm not sure. Yes. It is a true apples-to-apples comparison. That said, what I would tell you is the team that we've got down to Delta is a terrific team there on top of this, they are driving their business both from a volume perspective as well as they are taking the necessary pricing actions, were all while balancing the supply chain issues and we talked about in your prior question. At the same time, driving innovation and driving the brand and so Ken and the team down there are just doing an absolutely terrific job of Deltas tradition of a leading the company in terms of driving both sales, profits and future growth. So Keith, I don't know if there's anything else you want to dive?
Keith Allman: 60:43 I think, this is a unique situation for sure, both in terms of the magnitude of the cost increase and the speed at which the cost increase hit us. And our strategy to deal with this remains consistent which is to first and foremost, focus on our safety of our employees and then work together with our customers and our suppliers to make sure we're delivering the best products we can at the best price. And sometimes, and particularly in situations like this, it requires, obviously, some significant price increases and we're going to continue to operate in that method as we have in the past and continue to drive above market growth. And the team, as John said, set up to do that.
John Sznewajs: 61:33 Yeah. I guess so I would tell you is that once we get outside of this inflationary environment, I would expect it, the team would drive margin expansion through volume growth and our typical productivity initiatives that we're driving across our businesses. So this might be a little bit of an anomalous period, but once we get outside of that, I think we will return to our normal cadence of activity.
Truman Patterson: 61:57 No. All right. Thank you, two and good luck on the upcoming year.
John Sznewajs: 62:02 Thanks.
Keith Allman: 62:06 Thank you.
Operator: 62:05 This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call. My name is Renz and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Renz operator, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2021 fourth quarter and full year conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter earnings release and the presentation slides are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at (313) 792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. 2021 was another challenging year, but once again, we've demonstrated the strength and resilience of Masco and our 20,000 employees across the globe. I'll start this morning with some brief comments on our fourth quarter: then I'll turn to our full year results and our view on 2022. Turning to Slide 5, our top line increased 9% in the fourth quarter. This strong growth was led by our paint business, which delivered exceptional results and continued to gain share in both the PRO and DIY markets. Our operating profit declined in the quarter due to higher commodity and freight costs as inflation reached the low double digits. As a reminder, we discussed in our third quarter call that inflation would have the greatest impact on our P&L in terms of price cost lag in the fourth quarter of 2021. Partially offsetting this inflation in the fourth quarter was good expense control as SG&A in dollars was approximately flat, while as a percentage of sales improved 140 basis points. Our earnings per share for the quarter was $0.67. Turning to our segments, Plumbing grew 5% in local currency with 6% growth in North American Plumbing and 3% growth in International Plumbing. North American Plumbing performed well in the quarter as we continued to see good demand for our faucets and shower products, particularly through the e-commerce channel. Our Spa business also continued to see strong demand for its outdoor, wellness oriented products that have a tremendous appeal to today's homeowners. And International Plumbing, Hansgrohe drove growth in many key markets including China and the UK. In our Decorative Architectural segment, Behr continued its tremendous performance with mid single digit growth in DIY paint and over 50% growth in PRO paint. We continue to see good demand for both DIY and PRO paint and our operational excellence has enabled us to gain share in this supply challenged market. Our lighting and bath hardware businesses also contributed to growth and margin expansion in the quarter. Now let's review our full year performance. Please turn to Slide 6. For the full year, total company sales grew 17% and operating profit increased 11% with an operating margin of 17.4%. Strong volume growth and pricing realization was partially offset by high single digit inflation, and a return to more normalized investments in marketing and personnel to support our growth. Our Plumbing segment grew an outstanding 22% excluding currency, led by strong growth at Delta, Hansgrohe and Watkins. Our Plumbing business is well positioned to continue to outperform the market with its leading brands, new product introductions, and operational excellence, and enters 2020 [ph] with healthy backlogs. In our Decorative Architectural segment, full year growth was 6% against the 12% comp as our business grew mid single digits with DIY down mid single digits and PRO up over 30%. PRO now accounts for approximately 30% of our paint business. Behr enters 2022 with a lot of momentum. Our relationship with our channel partner is extremely strong and we are committed to mutual growth. Our Behr brand was recently named the most trusted Pink Brand by an independent third party market research firm. Our PRO paint business continues to gain share in the market and outperform the competition. And our recently launched Dynasty branded [ph] paint is performing exceptionally well. And as we exit 2021, we have one shelf space in a number of adjacent paint categories such as aerosols, interior stains, and corks and sealants, all of which will help to drive growth in 2022 and further demonstrates the strength of our brand and partnership with our customers. Turning to capital allocation. Our strong cash position and cash generation allowed us to deploy nearly $1.3 billion in capital during the year. We repurchased $1 billion of our stock at an average price of $58.31 per share. This represents approximately 7% of our outstanding shares. We increased our annual dividend 68% and paid approximately $211 million in dividends to shareholders. We completed the acquisition of Steamist for approximately $56 million and we finished the year with over $925 million in cash and net leverage of 1.3 times providing us ample financial flexibility and fire power. Our strong operating profit growth, combined with our significant capital deployment resulted in exceptional financial results. We increased earnings per share by 19% to $3.70 per share. We delivered adjusted free cash flow of approximately $900 million with a conversion rate of 90%, despite an increase in working capital due to inflation, and supply chain tightness, and we achieved a return on invested capital of approximately 47%. I want to thank all our 20,000 employees across the globe for their outstanding efforts throughout 2021 to deliver these exceptional results. No summary of 2021 would be complete without mentioning the significant ongoing supply chain and inflation challenges. Once again, I'd like to thank our tremendous suppliers who worked with us through these unprecedented challenges of 2021. As we exited 2021, supply chain challenges have marginally improved. However, shipping delays and labor constraints remain a challenge. We experienced high single digit inflation overall in 2021 and expect inflation to remain persistent and to increase in 2022 as higher raw material, freight and labor costs flow through our P&L. Importantly, however, we exited the year on a price cost neutral basis, except for additional increases in freight logistics that occurred during the fourth quarter. We have initiated actions to cover these additional logistics price costs with price. The price cost impact in Q1 will be significantly improved, as compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. Now turning to 2022, I'd like to share with you our view of the markets where we compete. For the North American repair and remodel market, we expect the market growth to be in the mid single digit range. For the paint market, we expect the DIY paint market to grow mid single digits and the propane market to grow low double digits. And for our international markets, principally Europe, we expect a low single digit growth environment. These expectations across all markets include significant price. Repair and remodel market remained strong and leading home improvement indicators are robust. Home price appreciation was 18% in December, and existing home sales increased over 8% compared to prior year. Each of these metrics has a strong correlation with our sales on a like lagged basis. Based on these assumptions, and our expectation that we will continue to gain share and outperform the market, we anticipate Masco's growth to be in the range of approximately 4% to 8% excluding currency for 2022. We expect margins to expand modestly to approximately 17.5%, despite a significant margin headwind from pricing to recover cost and normalization of investments in the business as we continue to grow. Turning to capital allocation, our strategy remains unchanged. First and foremost, we will invest in our business to meet the current and future demand for our products. As we announced last quarter, we are expanding our production capability in Europe with a new faucet and shower plant for Hansgrohe. Additionally, we are adding manufacturing and distribution capacity to our Spa and Paint businesses to support our strong growth. These investments will likely increase our capital expenditures to just above our normal level of approximately 2% to 2.5% of sales on average, keeping in mind that CapEx was only about 1.5% in 2021. In terms of returning cash to shareholders, based on the strength of our business model and cash generation capabilities, our Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.28 per share, a 19% increase, which would bring our annual dividend to $1.12 per share in 2022. We'll deploy our free cash flow after dividends to share repurchases or acquisitions. Based on our strong liquidity position, and our projected free cash flow, we expect to deploy at least $600 million to share repurchases or acquisitions in 2022. Lastly, there is no change to our M&A strategy. We continue to review and selectively pursue opportunities that have the right strategic fit and the right return for Masco. With our expected operating profit growth, strong pricing to recover costs, and continued capital deployment, we anticipate earnings per share to be in the range of $4.10 to $4.30 per share, representing a 14% growth at the midpoint. Now, I'll turn the call over to John to go over the fourth quarter, full year and 2022 outlook in more detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith and good morning everyone. And as Dave mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning to Slide 8, demand for our industry leading brands remained robust. We delivered a strong finish to the year of sales increasing 9% in the quarter against the healthy 13% comp in the fourth quarter of last year. Net acquisitions and divestitures contributed 2% to growth and currency had a minimal impact. In local currency, North American sales increased 11% or 7%, excluding acquisitions. Our team's outstanding execution drove strong growth in both DIY and PRO paint, as well as faucets, showers and spas. In local currency, international sales increased 3% or 5%, excluding acquisitions and divestitures, and gross margin of 30.7% was impacted by higher commodity and logistics costs in the quarter. As we discussed on our third quarter call, price cost in 2021 had impact on our P&L in the fourth quarter. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales improved 140 basis points to 17.6% as we continued to drive cost containment activities across our business. Operating profit in the fourth quarter was $265 million, with an operating margin of 13.1% and EPs was $0.67. Turning to the full year 2021, sales increased 17% over the prior year. Net acquisitions and divestitures contributed 3% to growth and currency contributed another 1%. In local currency, North American sales increased 14% and international sales increased 21%. Our SG&A as a percent of sales decreased 100 basis points to 16.9%. Operating profit increased to $148 million, or 11%, and operating margin of 17.4%. Lastly, our EPS increased 19% to $3.70. I want to thank our employees across the globe for their hard work, dedication and commitment to safety that enabled us to achieve these outstanding results in another challenging year. Turning to Slide 9, Plumbing growth was 5% against a strong 14% comp during the fourth quarter of last year. Net acquisitions and divestitures contributed 3% to this growth and currency had a minimal impact. North American sales increased 6% in local currency and were 1% excluding acquisitions. This performance was aided by Delta's continued strengthen in their growing e-commerce channel and increased selling prices. Watkins Wellness was also a significant contributor to growth as they continued to experience strong demand for their industry leading spas. International plumbing sales increased 3% in local currency, or 5%, excluding net acquisitions and divestitures. Hansgrohe grew sales in many of their key markets, including China and the UK. Segment operating profit in the fourth quarter was a $156 million and operating margins were 12.7%. As we discussed on our third quarter call, operating profit was impacted by an unfavorable price cost relationship along with creative marketing and personnel expenses as we continued to invest to grow our Plumbing businesses. Turning to the full year 2021, Plumbing sales increased an outstanding 24%. Net acquisitions and divestitures contributed 4% of this growth and currency contributed another 2%. In local currency, North American plumbing sales grew 22% or 17%, excluding acquisitions. International plumbing sales increased 21% or 22%, excluding net acquisitions and divestitures. Full year operating profit was $931 million dollars, up $180 million or 15% and operating margin of 18.1%. Turning to Slide 10, Decorative Architectural sales increased 15% for the fourth quarter, or 14%, excluding acquisitions. Our DIY paint business grew mid single digits in the quarter against the high teens comp in the fourth quarter of last year. Our PRO pain business grew more than 50% in the quarter driven by strong professional paint demand and operational execution, resulting in share gains. We expect PRO paint demand to remain strong as contractors continue to see growing demand for their services. We also anticipating increasing our penetration with the PRO by continuing to invest along with our partner, the Home Depot to new services and programs to retain and grow the PRO customer. Our business hardware and lighting businesses also contributed to the segment's overall growth in the quarter. Operating profit was $132 million in the quarter, up $23 million, or 21%, with margins expanding 80 basis points to 16.6%. This performance was driven by higher net selling prices, improved results in our lighting business, incremental volume and cost productivity initiatives, partially offset by higher commodity costs. Turning to the full year 2021, sales increase 6% driven by exceptional performance of our DIY and PRO paint businesses. The teams did an outstanding job at effectively managing through numerous supply chain constraints throughout the year to deliver for our customers and gained share in the paint market. Full year operating income increased $41 million or 7% with margins expanding 20 basis points to 19.4%. Turning to Slide 11, our yearend balance sheet is strong with net debt-to-EBITDA at 1.3 times. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.9 billion of balance sheet liquidity, which includes full availability of our $1 billion revolver. Working capital as a percent of sales was 16%. With our strong operating performance and lower than normal CapEx, adjusted free cash flow was nearly $900 million, representing 90% of adjusted net income. This is a strong result when considering the significant impact of inflation and supply chain disruptions on our working capital investment throughout the year. Finally, during 2021, we repurchased more than 17.6 million shares for over $1 billion. We increased our annual dividend by 68%. Now, let's turn to Slide 12 and review our outlook for 2022. For Masco overall, we expect sales growth in the range of 4% to 8%, excluding foreign currency, with operating margins of 17.5%. Operating profit will be unfavorably impacted in the first half of the year as we experience the impact of a more normalized level of growth investments as compared to the first half of 2021. For our Plumbing segment, we expect 2022 sales growth to be in the range of 3% to 7%, excluding foreign currency. Given current exchange rates, foreign currency is expected to unfavorably impact Plumbing revenue by approximately 2% or $90 million. We anticipate full year plumbing margins will expand to approximately 19%. Margins in the first half of 2022, particularly in the first quarter, will be impacted by higher year-over-year marketing and personnel expenses as we comp against our strong margins in the first half of 2021. For Decorative Architectural segment, we expect 2022 sales to grow in the range of 6% to 10%. Looking specifically at peak growth for 2022, we currently anticipate our DIY business to increase high single digits, and our PRO business to increase mid teens. We anticipate full year Decorative Architectural margins to be approximately 18%. As we have previously discussed, in this segment, pricing actions typically only recover the dollar amount of the inflation. As a result, all else equal, operating profit dollars remain neutral from cost recovery pricing actions results in margin compression. During 2022 we also anticipate increased investment in this segment for marketing and new products that will drive future growth. Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, our 2022 EPS estimate of $4.10 to $4.30 represents 14% EPS growth at the midpoint of the range. This assumes a $240 million average diluted share count for the year. Additional modelling assumptions for 2022 can be found on Slide 15 in our earnings deck. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. 2021 was another dynamic year. We navigated it well and delivered exceptional results. As we enter 2022, we are poised to continue this trend of proven execution. Masco's focused business model of low ticket, repair and remodel products, with market leading brands and products and geographic diversification, provides growth and stability through cycles. We leverage our consumer insights, broad channel relationships, scale, diversification, and our Masco operating system to drive innovation and make our businesses better. The repair and remodel industry is an attractive industry with favorable long-term fundamentals. Growth on average is approximately GDP plus 1% to 2%. Cyclical factors, such as home price appreciation, and existing home turnover, have a high correlation with repair and remodel activity. Structural factors, such as demographics, the age of the housing stock, and how consumers view their homes can also drive increased repair and remodel activity. We are on the leading edge of the large $75 million millennial cohort forming households and entering the housing market. 2.7 million more homes will reach the prime remodelling ages of 20 to 39 years old over the next three years. And the COVID-19 pandemic has clearly increased the desire for more enjoyable living spaces, which has led to increased home demand and remodelling expenditures. All of these structural forces provide tailwinds for our business. As we previously outlined, our long-term outlook is comprised of above market organic growth in the range of 3% to 5% annually. Growth from acquisitions in the range of 1% to 3%, margin expansion each year through cost productivity and volume leverage, and continued capital deployment in the form of share buybacks should contribute approximately 2% to 4% to EPS growth. Together, we expect this to result in EPS growth of at least 10% per year through cycles, plus dividend returns of approximately 1% to 2%. With favorable fundamentals, and our continued focus on executing our growth strategy, together with our strong free cash flow and capital deployment, we are positioned to continue to drive shareholder value creation for the long-term. With that, we'll now open up the call for questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kenneth Zener [Keybanc Capital Markets]. Your line is now open.
Kenneth Zener: Good morning, everybody.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Ken.
John Sznewajs: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Zener: You guys obviously talked of cost pressure, but if we could really just narrow in on architectural, paint where you have PPI ops in the low teens, obviously it's -- there's some percentage of COGS there. But can you expand a little bit, given the inflationary environment we're in, talk to the dynamic between units and price to the extent you feel comfortable, given the inflation, it's -- I think it's warranted? But can you also help us understand right, with so much price there, it seems like volume might not be high and you're actually getting pretty good margins, because there's other manufacturers have faced a lot of pressure because of the absence of volume. It doesn't seem like that's such an issue with you, but if you could discuss that dynamic in that business a little more, I think we all would appreciate it?
Keith Allman: Yes Ken, let me take a crack at the price and volume part of the question and maybe John can contribute as I go through this. Without a doubt price was a healthy contributor to the growth in the quarter. As we and many others implemented price to offset, as you mentioned, the significant raw material inflation that we've experienced and frankly continue to feel, after a volume decline, let's say in Q3 for the segment, volume has increased in Q4. And we expect that trend to continue into 2022 despite as you know, tough comps that we've had from 2021. So I will point out, however, and we've mentioned this consistently, that when we get priced typically, we get price to cover the cost increase of the baskets in terms of dollar impact. So that does represent some margin headwind for us this year, and we will continue to experience that. So we put price into the market and have covered our costs. We expect some margin headwinds, so that's consistent with what we've talked about. However, we are seeing some volume improvement, and we expect that to continue to occur.
John Sznewajs: And then Ken, the only thing I would add to Keith's comments are kind of two with respect to the performance and specifically in the fourth quarter, one specifically for the fourth quarter, and then one in 2022. So if you look at the margin expansion that we experienced in the fourth quarter, a good chunk of that is attributable to the improved performance of Kichler during the quarter. They improved significantly compared to the results in the fourth quarter of last year. And maybe just one another comment to emphasize what Keith said about 2022 for paint, we continued to experience inflation and we think we're going to experienced further inflation here in 2022 as paint as well will continue to inflate. And so, we'll have to continue to work through those challenges as we go through 2022, but we feel confident in our position.
Kenneth Zener: Right. I appreciate that. And I guess sticking with paint, it doesn't sound like you've had as much material constraints, perhaps as the industry. And if that's the case, obviously, you have great relationships with your supplier, but the flip side of that is, can you really expand? You've had such success in the PRO category, can you just give us a better sense of why it is not just supply access that's giving you the share gain expand on your confidence, in your success today if you would on that PRO paint and you've obviously cracked that enough there, I believe. Thank you.
Keith Allman: It's been tough without a doubt and it's, you know, there's no one single thing I would point to, there's really several. There's, as I talked in the past, I think we have an outstanding research and development department in our coatings business that has been able to work through challenges as it relates to changes in inbound supply and being able to take on different suppliers. We have a tremendous supply base and those companies that we have the long-term and I'm talking 20 plus years relationship with, have done phenomenal things for us and continue to do phenomenal things. So I can't thank our supply chain enough. And then of course, the folks in our company and they are and throughout our businesses that have really worked incredibly hard and really put good thinking to how to manage through this crisis. And it hasn't been without its challenges. I mean, it's -- we're far from perfect, but we've done pretty well. I think we've -- at the end of the day, we've demonstrated operational excellence and what the Masco operating system can do these past couple of quarters. And it's afforded us the opportunity to get more of our paint into more professionals hands and when that happens, it's good for us. As I said, we've recently been awarded again, some nice accolades around service. You're well aware of the awards that we've received in terms of our quality, and our net promoter scores and our experience, et cetera. So we have a very good product and it's been beneficial for us to be able to leverage our supply chain excellence and our supply base and our people to get more people to try it. And as I said, when pros try it, they tend to like it. And it's -- we're up against tough competition, there's no question about it, but I'm very confident in our outlook of mid teens growth in PRO paint for 2022.
Kenneth Zener: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Rehaut with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone and congrats on the results. One or two, first question just to get a sense of, and I'm sorry if you've covered this earlier, the cadence, give any type of sense for the cadence throughout the year from a marginal growth -- sales growth perspective and specifically, Im thinking about the Plumbing segment margins, and you've had a couple of quarters now of year-over-year margin declines, not sure if we should be thinking that that might continue at least in the first quarter and any comments around top line cadence given the tougher comps in the first half?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike it's John. I mean, I'll take a crack at this and Keith feel free to jump in. So, if you think about margins for 2022 like compared to 2021, just given the strong comps that we faced in the first half of the year, and from the fact that the way inflation rolled out through 2021, with it not really impacting the P&L too much in the first half year and being much more significant impact to our P&L in the back half of the year. But that leads us to believe that that is if we go into 22 you kind of see a mirror image of 2021, meaning that a little bit more margin pressure in the first half year as we recover costs to offset the inflation, but then as we lapped the inflation and going to the back half of the year, we should see margins expanding in the back half of the year. In terms of top line cadence, I think its fairly balanced through the year, not a significant difference between first half, second of the year, Mike, and it feels pretty straightforward at this point. So, we like where were positioned. As Keith mentioned in the prepared remarks, were seeing good growth both domestically and internationally. So, we would feel good about where Plumbing is positioned in here, expects margin expansion in 2022.
Keith Allman: Yes, Mike, I think in terms of overall market growth and what we're expecting for North America, as I talked, were looking at mid-single digits and that's including price, and then in our international market is probably in that low single digit type of growth environment and our expectation is to outperform those.
John Sznewajs: Mike one, just one last piece, we do think that our margins bottomed out in Q4 and then we should see sequential improvement in Plumbing margins as we go into Q1.
Michael Rehaut: Okay thanks. That's very helpful guys. I appreciate it. Maybe secondly, a question on PRO paint, obviously, the last two quarters have been extremely impressive and you're now forecasting for double digit growth in 2022. Obviously, you had an announcement by a competitor adding PRO paint to Home Depot in addition to yours, was just hoping maybe just to talk, I know you probably don't like to talk about competitor's directly, but to the extent that you can kind of frame how that announcement impacts your own dynamics, either at Home Depot or just more broadly, and why youre still expecting this stronger rate of growth if it has to do more with a game plan of that -- the market share and product availability that you've been able to, thats been favourable for you for the last couple quarters, if that's going to continue for the next couple of quarters, and any kind of broader competitive dynamics on the PRO paint side? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Yes, Mike Ill start. The recent announcement doesnt change our strategy or outlook in any way. Our relationship with our channel partners is extremely strong, really hasnt ever been better. We're committed to mutual growth. We have significant discussions around our strategy and how were now going to continue to drive that together. So, the relationship is really strong. We're not losing any shelf space. The recent news is mainly switching out of some other products in the aisle not replacing ours, so it's not a shelf space issue. So were confident in our paint business for the reasons that we talked about. When you have the best quality, and the best brand, and the best service, and the ability through your supply chain to get it in into more hands and thats a good sales pitch for us, and we have an outstanding sales force out there. So that, plus the fundamentals of the market, both cyclical and structural, give us plenty of reasons to feel very good about our paint business. And then additionally we want some shelf space in adjacent categories as well which further demonstrates the strength of our quality and our brand and what the consumer thinks about it. Things like, as I mentioned, the aerosol, interior stains, corks and sealants and stuff like that. So there's plenty of reasons to feel good about our paint business and we do.
Mihael Rehaut: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Adam [Zelman & Associates]. Please go ahead.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, thanks for taking my question, everyone. Just on the inflation piece, I know you mentioned it was up low double digits in the fourth quarter. What are you assuming in your 2022 guidance and maybe by segment, would be helpful?
John Sznewajs: Sure, let me take a crack at that, Adam. Overall, I think that inflation for 2021 was kind of high single digits. As we look into 2022, we do you expect the impact to be up modestly from 2021. It could be low double digits in the first half of the year. That said, if we specifically look at [indiscernible] paint, we do think it could ramp up to 20% for the first part of 2022, so the first half of 2022. So, we are expecting this inflation to continue at least in the first part of the year.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it thanks and then just and you talked about Kichler driving the margin expansion Decorative overall, if we just isolate paint are those margins down year-over-year in the fourth quarter?
John Sznewajs: No, paint margins were not down year-over-year.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Mike Dahl: Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to stick with paint. Keith, in the opening remarks you made a comment about having some wins and getting some shelf space in aerosol, stains, corks. Wondering if you could give us any sort of sense of magnitude of what the impacts from those will be within your guidance from a top line standpoint? And that when we think about margin impacts, I know you said a couple times now on paint keeping in mind that it's dollar cost not margin neutral on inflation, but wondering whether these adjacencies are comparable margins or should we think about the margin profile a little bit differently and if thats having an impact?
Keith Allman: What I'm most excited about what these additional spaces that we're getting into is it really highlights the strength of the Behr brand, and it really serves as more of a Billboard for us in the aisle and builds momentum with regard to the overall brand. Honestly, in terms of the overall size of these wins, at least for now, compared to our overall paint business, it's not that big of a win and I'm not going to get into the specific margin breakdowns of it. In terms of the price cost relationship as it relates to price recovery for costs only, not getting margin on that, just to kind of give you a little bit of back of the envelope math, a 5% increase in cost where we recover only the cost but not the margin, equates to about 100 basis points of margin erosion. So that gives you a flavour for the kind of challenges we're looking at in the dynamics that we have. The new wins, they're not that large compared to the overall segment now, but I think very positive for us for the reasons I mentioned.
Mike Dahl: Okay, great, yes that makes sense, thanks. My second question is on the investment side, it sounds like theres a step up in both Plumbing and dcor, when we think about investments whether it's personnel or other investments around marketing. Can you help us get and kind of quantify from year-on-year standpoint how those investments look by segment?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike on that one, its just the continuation of putting some of the investment back into the business that pulled back on during 2020. So, from a -- in terms of the actual dollars of investments, its modest in terms of the ongoing investment as we talked for 2021 and we're looking to put about $40 million back into the business. Most of that is going to be in the Plumbing segment, and Id say, we made progress along those lines. I'd say the dollar amount, we saw some room to go in terms of investment as we go into 2022, but I wouldn't say it's significant from here.
Keith Allman: Yes. We're keeping a close eye, Mike, on these investments as we have in the back end to make sure we're getting the return for them. So it's not like we're keen on just simply jumping up our SG&A back to historical levels. I would think about in 2022, while we're increasing in the spend area our SG&A as a percent of sales we should still hover around that 17%. In terms of capacity, you talked about -- I think you asked a little bit about where that investment is going. Our CapEx typically averages between 2% and 2.5% of revenue. We've been on the lower end of that for a number of years. For the next couple of years, we'll probably be on the high side of that range. The large projects that we announced as they come online will have capacity for us probably in that 2023 time period, but we've always said that our number one capital allocation priority is to reinvest in our business. That's the best return we get. It's the least risky and it's one we have the most confidence in. So it's -- these will be -- these capital investments will be spaced over the next coming years, and as I said, should put us towards the higher end of the range for a couple of years.
Michael Rehaut: All right, thanks Keith. Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. The next one we have from the line of John Lovallo with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Lovallo: Good morning guys and thank you for taking my questions. The first one, just to dovetail off of Mike's, when would you anticipate reaching that sort of normalized SG&A run rate? And the investments that you're speaking of, just to be clear, are they contemplated in that $40 million or is there incremental on top of that?
John Sznewajs: Hey John, no, that's not incremental on top of it. I'd say we'd probably be on that run rate probably in the back half of the year. And we're just going to still be -- we're going to meter that investment in as we see how demand shapes up for 2022.
John Lovallo: Okay, got it. Thats helpful. And then with the Watkins backlog coming in, which is very strong at the end of the year, how should we sort of think of the potential benefit to the plumbing margin with that backlog flowing through?
Keith Allman: I think, I'd point you to our overall guide for the Plumbing right around that 18%.
John Sznewajs: Yes, John, as you look at that business, I would say that the Plumbing, yes maybe to correct your point closer to 19% than 18%. And I would expect that volume if you look at that business, just given the strength of it will flow through pretty consistently through the year. So it's going to be a contributor to us achieving that 19% margin, but it's to -- I'd say there's no -- it's not going to drive us well north of that just given that strength of those backlogs.
John Lovallo: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next one, we have the line of Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning everyone. My first question is, can you just give us some color across the business of where inventories sit as you come into this year and recognizing that you don't oftentimes have extended backlogs in most of these operations, but any commentary on the backlog? And your thoughts on the ability to sort of catch up the share as the supply chains continue to improve?
Keith Allman: We've made a little bit of improvement, but I'd say, Susan, it's a mixed bag. If you look across the different products, the channels and geographies, I would say generally speaking, that we're still a little bit light, so that might represent a little bit of tailwind for us. But really, we're getting back fairly close to where we want to be, but there's a little bit of upside, I would say.
Susan Maklari: Okay, all right, thats helpful. And then as we think about the longer-term trajectory of the businesses, especially in terms of the margins, can you talk a little bit about where you think the business can continue to go overtime? It feels like we are sitting with certainly a stronger housing backdrop over the longer term as we go through. You're obviously doing a lot of initiatives around new products, those kinds of company-specific efforts. How do we think about what that will mean for you over time and where things can go?
Keith Allman: I'd first point to the last couple of years and say these have been some strange times, obviously, with fairly significant inflation this year with the COVID initial austerity program where we really cut back at the beginning of the pandemic to keep a sharp eye on liquidity to a very much a spike in demand, if you will, or where people over time throughout the pandemic had a different view of where -- what their home meant to them and what they were willing to invest in their home and how they wanted that to look and feel. So it has been a strange past couple of years for sure to stating the obvious. As we look forward in the business, our margins are pretty good, but our mantra is to continue to improve them. And that improvement will not come in hundreds of basis points chunks. It will come in rather modest improvements over time. But fundamentally, we have a drop down in that 25% to 30% on the base volume and then we're going to continue to invest for growth. And in some cases, those investments, like we've talked about in the past, come ahead of the growth, and we earn our way into that. So as we think about the competitive forces, we think about the value of our drop down, we think about the need to improve -- invest incrementally in future growth, we're committed to slight margin expansion as we move through the years.
Susan Maklari: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you and good luck.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next one, we have the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Phil Ng: Hey guys. John, you were really trying to give us some color on how to think about the margin progression on Plumbing. Any handholding on the DAP segment, appreciating you're probably seeing a lot more inflation to start the year? And when we look out to 2023, assuming inflation kind of stays steady and then not pull back, is there an opportunity to kind of get that back to that 19% range over time?
John Sznewajs: Phil, as we look at the Decorative Architectural segment for the year, I'll tell you a couple of things. One, obviously, as you look at the cadence of our progression in 2021, obviously we faced some pretty significant headwind in the second quarter, just given the challenges from the Texas freeze in Q1 of last year and so that impacted our Q2. But as you think about, both our top line and our bottom line for 2022 as compared to 2021, I think you're going to see better growth in the first half of the year than in the back half of the year, largely that's due to some of the pricing that we put in during 2021 as well as the relatively soft comp that we had in the second quarter of 2022. As you think about the margin progression for 2022, again, recall that in some of the comments that both Keith and I made about, as we recover the dollar cost of the inflation, it's going to impact margin. And so with that segment, I would expect to see -- we really talk very openly about the margin compression, and we really don't see that really getting much better as we go through the year. I mean, I think it'd probably be more of a first half weighted will probably be more impacted than the back half, all depending on where inflation goes. So that's how we're seeing it now with -- we're very confident though in the 18% margin. And as we think about the fourth quarter, we probably did see a little bit of margin compression on the paint side, just given that price cost recovery action that we talked about earlier.
Keith Allman: Phil, I would tell you that this is not a static environment. I think we certainly have a view of where the overall inflation is going to be, and we based our plans on that, and we have the commitment to price/cost neutrality and we've demonstrated the ability to get that and all those things, but it's not static. I mean, as John alluded to in the fourth quarter, we had high teens raw material inflation back in the fourth quarter. And we think that's going to be in the mid 20%, still to come here in the first quarter of 2022. So there are some moving parts here, and we need to continue to work through them.
Phil Ng: Yes, that's fair. I mean a lot of inflation, so you're managing through that. When we think about rate hikes, certainly seeing a lot of volatility in the equity markets, Keith you think your business should be a little more insulated? Curious how you're thinking about that impacting your business? And any way to kind of parse out your sales guidance for the full year, how much is price versus volumes?
Keith Allman: Yes, you hit the nail on the head. So we have made significant changes and by design have reduced the cyclicality of Masco, less cyclical, more resilient, less distance peak to trough, less time, peak to peak. So that is really what we've changed and built the portfolio for. So we believe and it's demonstrated that the R&R market is more correlated with home price appreciation, existing home turnover, consumer confidence and the like versus interest rates, particularly with many repair and remodel projects not financed with mortgage debt. So we believe that, that dynamic alone provides some pretty good insulation from concerns about rates, but then there's the structural factors. And you think about the demographics and the number of homes, you think back to that 2002 to 2006 time period when we were building 1.9, 2.0 million kind of homes, those are now starting to age to that juicy age of 16 to 20 years where significant remodeling occurs. So that structural aspect and the COVID impact in terms of how people are viewing their house, plus the millennial cohort coming in, as I talked about. So we feel that through our designed work on the portfolio and what that portfolio now depends on in terms of the consumer rather than interest rates that we're in pretty good shape.
Phil Ng: Any color on the parsing out price versus volumes?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Phil, I'd say both will contribute to growth, I'd say in this inflationary environment in 2022. 
Keith Allman: But we still are looking at volume across both segments, but yes, as John said, price will be the majority of it.
Phil Ng: Okay, thank you. I really appreciate the color guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next one, we have the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Stephen Kim: Yes, thanks so much, I appreciate it. I just want to clean up a couple of things here. One thing in paint, I believe you mentioned sequentially by comps here, I just want to make sure that I was understanding that if $1 million impairment to goodwill and then I was just wondering what that was related to?
John Sznewajs: Sure, Stephen, in terms of inflation, you're right, yes, we do expect additional placement from here. We are continuing to see inputs, both titanium dioxide and resins continue to inflate as we enter 2022. So we do expect that to be continuing to increase in 2022. As it relates to the goodwill impairment charge that we took out was related to Kichler. While Kichler has enjoyed improved performance in 2021 and returned to growth and actually had some nice, both productivity and profit improvement in the year. But as a result of the inflation that impacted the business, both initially starting in 2019 with the tariffs evolved then in 2021 with what took place with the inflation and how it overall impacted the business, we made the determination that it was appropriate to lower the carrying value of the business and took the noncash charge in the fourth quarter. This said, we like how the team has performed. We like how the business is standing today. And so we feel much better about how this business is positioned.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Is there any goodwill remaining in Kichler at this point?
John Sznewajs: There's a small amount of goodwill that's remaining, Stephen.
Stephen Kim: Okay great. And then you were -- you walked through the cadence, I think in sales in backlog and I was just wondering, related to the top line, particularly in Plumbing, when we kind of look at your growth trying to cut through the pandemic year-over-year gyrations, it looks like your fourth quarter could on a multiple year stack basis, could have a pretty nice year-over-year increase, but there's also some normal seasonality in that business, too. So just kind of curious, you kind of made the case that in there would be a little bit of chunkiness I think, in terms of the sales growth, it looks like, particularly in Q2. Is there anything like that in plumbing? And should we think that the sales growth organic will be pretty stable throughout the year?
John Sznewajs: It should be pretty stable throughout the year with maybe a little bit better in the back half of the year, Stephen. But I don't think there's anything new, there's not a meaningful driver to make a huge distinction between first half, second half.
Stephen Kim: Okay, thats helpful. Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next one we have the line of Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Apologies for the short-term focused question here first, but just wondering if you're seeing any pronounced absenteeism related to COVID and if there's any production inefficiencies that impacted 4Q or could impact 1Q?
Keith Allman: Yes, we're still struggling with that. And I would say, towards the back half of the year with the Omicron variant, that has increased and fairly typical of what the rest of the country is seeing. But we are seeing elevated absenteeism in our factories, and it's happening in our supply base as well, so that remains an ongoing challenge. I just looked at some recent data, and it appears that it's starting to wane, but we'll see. I think our approach -- I know that our approach is that this, expect this type of absenteeism to continue, and we've got to figure out ways to best manage it, but yes, it's an ongoing challenge, there's no question.
John Sznewajs: Garik, that was more of a Q1 comment than a Q4 comment.
Garik Shmois: Okay, great, thanks for the clarification. Follow-up question is on pricing. You talked about putting through pricing to offset some recent transportation costs. You also talked about increasing inflation, particularly in paint. I'm just wondering if your guidance assumes the need for additional pricing from here or does that assume all the pricing actions that you already put through is going to be enough to drive the margins in your outlook?
John Sznewajs: Yes. I mean, Garik, what we're seeing, particularly with some of the inflation that continues. It looks like we'll need to -- I mean we've put in a lot of price to date, but we likely foresee the need for further pricing actions as we go into 2022.
Garik Shmois: I see. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one last question, and it would be from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard: Thank you. Curious in the Plumbing segment, the North American growth was slower in 4Q than I think we've seen in what was a strong year. Just curious in that business in 4Q and into 1Q, what you're seeing go on in terms of consumer demand or channel fill or product mix specifically in that business?
Keith Allman: Yes, it continues to remain strong. Our incoming order rate, our backlogs are solid. And importantly, we have not seen, if you will, a trade down in the mix as it relates to a reaction to the significant price that us and others have put into the markets. So where we sit right now, it's pretty stable.
Eric Bosshard: Great, thank you. Thats all I had.
David Chaika: Thank you for your continued interest in Masco and joining us on the call this morning. That concludes today's call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Third Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Umaria, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2021 third quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at (313) 792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. Im proud of the way our team continues to execute in these dynamic times. In the third quarter sales increased 11%, our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit, top-line growth. This was against a strong 16% comp from last year. This growth came as we continued to face significant supply chain challenges. Certain raw materials were hard to come by such as resins, microchips, and even pallets. Freight congestion in ports and lack of trucking capacity, contributed to increase delays in shipping and receiving goods. And labor shortages continue to be a challenge. I would like to thank both our employees and our tremendous supplier partners, who together, have worked tirelessly to address the challenges. They have kept our plants running and our customers supplied, resulting in outstanding topline performance. Operating margin for the quarter was 17.5%. As we executed our plan transition to a more normalized level of SG&A expense to support our brands, innovation and new products. Moving to our segment performance beginning with Plumbing, sales increased 15%, excluding currency, led by exceptional growth in North America and international faucets and showers and our spa business. These results highlight the strength of our Plumbing platform diversity across geographies and channels.  To support our continued international growth, Hansgrohe recently announced plans to invest in a new manufacturing facility in Serbia. This additional capacity will enable further growth and further strengthen Hansgrohes capabilities to serve as customers. We plan to invest approximately a $100 million in this project over the next three years. In our Decorative Architectural segment sales grew 4% against a robust 19% comp from the third quarter of 2020. PRO paint had an exceptional growth of over 45% in the quarter, helping to offset and moderating demand in DIY paint. DIY paint declined mid-single digits against a tremendous comp of over 25% in the third quarter of 2020. We continue to see indications of DUI paint, demand stabilization as demand was fairly consistent throughout the quarter. When compared to our third quarter 2019 sales, our DIY paint sales were up over 20%, a clear indication of a re-engaged homeowner and strong home improvement fundamentals. Lastly, Behr paint was recently recognized as The Home Depot Partner of the Year in the paint department. This recognition was a result of successfully keeping The Home Depot in stock during the DIY surge last year, our continued investment and our joint effort to grow the PRO paint category and our commitment to bring in new and innovative products such as our recently launched Behr Dynasty to the Home Depot. Each of these has contributed to tremendous growth for both Behr paint and the Home Depot. And this recognition is a testament to the strength of our partnership. Moving on to capital allocation, we continued our share buyback activity during the quarter by repurchasing 2.2 million shares for a $128 million. In addition, we anticipate deploying approximately $150 million in the fourth quarter, bringing our total share repurchases to over a $1 billion for the year. Now, let me give you an update on what we're experiencing with inflation. The second half of 2021 is largely unfolding as anticipated. We experience low double-digit inflation in the third quarter, and we expect mid-teens inflation in the fourth quarter. We have taken pricing actions across both segments and expect to achieve price cost neutrality by year end. It has been an extremely dynamic year and our supply chain and commercial teams have done an exceptional job managing through the many challenges. Because of this outstanding execution and continued strong demand for our products, we are maintaining the midpoint of our previous guide and expect to achieve full year earnings per share in the range of $3.67 to $3.73. Lastly, before I turn the call over to John, we are pleased to share with you that our comprehensive, 2020, corporate sustainability report is now available on our website. This report demonstrates our commitment to environmental, social and governance responsibility. During a year of unparalleled change, our team members remained committed to maintaining our strong reputation for ethical business practices, reducing our environmental impact and enhancing our DE&I efforts. I'm proud of the hard work we are doing every day to ensure that our employees feel a sense of inclusion, belonging, and support. Our progress in ESG is a priority for our Board and our executive leadership team. I hope you will take the time to read more about how our long-term sustainability influences the way we run our business, operate our facilities and contribute to the community. With that, I'll turn the call over to John for additional details on our third quarter results. John?
John Sznewajs : Thank you, Keith. And good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning the Slide 7, demand for our industry-leading brands remain strong and our teams executed exceptionally well in a dynamic environment. This resulted in another strong quarter of double-digit top line growth. Sales increased 11% against an impressive 16% comp in the third quarter of last year. Net acquisitions contributed 2% to growth and currency had a minimal impact. In local currency North American sales increased 9% or 6% excluding acquisitions. The strong performance is driven by outstanding execution to achieve volume growth in propane faucets, showers and spas, and by increased selling prices. In local currency international sales increase a robust 15% or 18% excluding acquisitions and divestitures against the healthy 9% comp. Gross margin of 34.2% is impacted by a higher commodity and logistics costs in the quarter. We expect this inflation will have peak impact on our P&L in the fourth quarter. We will offset these costs with additional pricing actions and productivity initiatives; expect the exit this year price cost neutral. SG&A as a percentage of sales with 16.7%. As planned during the quarter, we increased certain expenses, such as headcount, advertising and marketing to a more normalized level to support our brands. We expect this increase to continue into the fourth quarter as these costs continue to normalize. Operating profits in the third quarter was $385 million and an operating margin of 17.5%, our EPS was $0.99. Turning the Slide 8, plumbing growth continued to be strong with sales up 16% against the 13% comp in the third quarter of last year. Net acquisitions contributed 2% growth and currency contributed another 1%. North American sales increased 16% or 10% excluding acquisitions. Delta led this outstanding performance delivering another quarter of robust double-digit growth driven by strength in their e-commerce and trade channels. With strong brand recognition and general relationships Delta continues to drive consumer demand for its products. Watkins Wellness also contributed to grow up in the quarter in both demand and our backlog remains strong. International plumbing sales increased 15% in local currency or 18% excluding net acquisitions. Hansgrohe delivered strong growth as demand continued to improve across Europe and numerous other countries. Hansgrohe key markets of Germany, China, in the U.K. all grew double-digits in the quarter. Segment operating profits in the third quarter was $248 million and operating margin was 18.7%. Operating profit was impacted by the planned increases in SG&A that I mentioned earlier, as well as an unfavorable price cost relationship. This was partially offset by strong incremental volume. We anticipate additional SG&A increases in commodity and inflation will most significantly impact this segment's operating margins in the fourth quarter. We will mitigate the commodity inflation with additional pricing and productivity actions expect to be priced cost neutral as we enter 2022. For a full year 2021, we continue to expect Plumbing segment sales growth to be 22% to 24% of operating margins of approximately 18.5%. Turning to Slide 9, decorative architectural sales increased 4% for the third quarter or 3% excluding acquisitions. Our DIY paint business declined mid-single digits in the quarter against more than 25% comp in the third quarter of last year. Despite this decline, DIY paint demand appears to be stabilizing as we have seen relatively consistent demand since July. When comparing to Q3 2019 our third quarter DIY sales are up over 20%. Our propane business delivered exceptional growth of more than 45% in the quarter as paint contractors are applying top rated Behr paint to more commercial and residential projects. We expect demand in this channel to remain strong as propane contractors report growing demand for their services. When comparing to Q3 2019, a third quarter of pro-sales are up over 35%. Segment operating margin in the third quarter was 19% and operating profit was $166 million. Operating profit was impacted by lower volume, increased commodity costs and higher marketing expense to support the new BEHR DYNASTY product launch partially offset by higher net selling prices. For full year 2021 we continue to expect Decorative Architectural sales growth will be in the range of 2% to 5% and operating margin to be approximately 19%. Turning to Slide 10, our balance sheet is strong with net debt-to-EBITDA at 1.3 times. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.9 billion of balance sheet liquidity, which includes full availability of our $1 billion revolver. Working capital as a percent of sales including our recent acquisition was 17%. Finally, we repurchased more than 15.2 million shares in 2021 for $878 million. This is approximately 6% of our standing share count at the beginning of the year. We expected to play approximately $150 million for share repurchases or acquisitions in the fourth quarter as we continue to aggressively return capital to shareholders. And turning to our full year guidance; if summarized our expectations for 2021 on Slide 11, we continue to anticipate overall sales growth of 14% to 16% and an operating of approximately 17.5%. Lastly, we are maintaining our 2021 EPS estimate midpoint, but narrowing the range to $3.67 to $3.73 representing approximately 19% EPS growth at the midpoint of the range. This assumes a $252 million average diluted share count for the year. Additional modeling assumptions for 2021 can be found on Slide 14 of our earnings deck. With that I'll now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. Demand for our products and home renovation remains strong at a much higher levels than experienced in 2019. When you compare our third quarter performance to Q3 2019 revenue is 28% higher, operating profit is 29% higher, operating margin is 10 basis points higher and adjusted earnings per share is an outstanding 62% higher. With our demonstrated supply chain excellence and our ability to offset inflation with price we believe we are well positioned to carry this momentum into 2022 and deliver margin expansion and double-digit EPS growth consistent with our long-term outlook. We look forward to sharing our detailed 2022 outlook on our fourth quarter call in February. With that I'll now open the call up for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Bouley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on the results in a pretty tough environment here. First question on the propane strength, recognizing some of the drivers of broader sort of do it for me strength here and the project demand. John, you just mentioned; just given how strong it was. Was there  is there anything else for you where you think you may have had some sort of structural success in boosting awareness or market share of BEHR PRO or conversely should we be aware of any more transitory benefits perhaps as customers are sort of hustling to find paints where they can and you guys have done a great job of keeping BEHR PRO in stock. How should we think about that balance? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Hey Matt, this is Keith, I'll take this and John, you can add-in if you have other comments. I think there are a few things that, that really contributed to that 45% growth that we saw in the quarter in PRO. First and foremost, we had  we had really outstanding supply chain execution. I can't say enough about our supply chain teams, our research and development teams that we're able to move formulations and our suppliers. We've been working with the supply base and have been pretty consistent in our supply register for like 20 years. So those relationships really paid off and our hard work on supply chain and R&D, so really good availability of product and supply chain execution in general. We continue to invest in our brands. We've talked about that, and we've talked about that last quarter and we continue to invest in our brands and having that leading brand, having the leading quality, having a leading service levels all contributes to this, especially in tough and dicey times, like we've just gone through. And we continue to execute in terms of new product introductions and our innovation pipeline such as BEHR DYNASTY, a new line of aerosol paint, interior stains, Cox and other adjacencies. So our ability to not only have that supply chain execution, but continue with the basics of the business of investing in the brands and executing new product introductions all paid off. And I think all those  all those things are helping to drive demand. And we saw that in our performance, in the 45% growth that we saw in PRO and we think that enabled us to get new customers. And now it's up to us to develop the loyalty, which we've demonstrated an ability to do so. It was a very challenging quarter for us in across paint, both PRO and DIY, but I'm very happy with the execution.
John Sznewajs: Yes. May the only thing that I would add to Keith's comments is that, I think it's also a reflection of investment that we've made over many years in this program that feed on the street both calling on outsiders on paying contractors, as well as the investment on people inside Home Depot Stores, and also Home Depot's investment in this program. So it's been, the joint partnership that we developed to go after the PRO, and I think really helped drive the success that we experienced here in that third quarter.
Matthew Bouley: That's great color there. Thank you both to that. Second one, just on the Asian supply chain, where you guys have a relatively robust footprint. So just, I guess, a two-parter at any quantification you can give maybe on sort of the near-term cost impacts of everything going on with ocean shipping and transportation from Asia? And then just longer term thoughts on any sort of supply chain repositioning that that's sort of come about as a result of all these recent challenges? Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Sure. Sure, Matthew. I am Matt Bouley, like everyone else that's reported so far, this earning season. We've faced supply chain challenges coming across the Pacific. You may have seen elevated costs to get the containers across to the United States. And weve seen its also resulting delays in getting products through the port systems here in United States, whether it's on the west coast or any of the other ports that we bring product in. So the good news is, even though we've experienced some of that, we have also as a result pass through some of the price increases down because of the raw material inflation that because of some of the logistics inflation that we've experienced. And so that that is  we feel good about our ability to get that price and then that's a portion of which allows us to feel good about being price cost neutral as we exited here in 2021.
Keith Allman: Yeah. I  just to add a little bit to John's comments, I think not strictly in the Asian supply chain, but overall, when you look at inflation, we're experiencing or we experienced low double digit inflation in the third quarter, and we're expecting in that mid-teens region in the fourth quarter. And as John mentioned a good work on our commercial teams and we will exit the year in price cost neutral.
Matthew Bouley: All right. Well, thank you both and congrats on that hard work.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My first question is just following up on some of the exposure in terms of inflation and inputs there. Can you talk a bit to what you're seeing in terms of some of the core commodity exposure, things like maybe copper, brass any of the sort of chemical inputs on the paint side? And I know you talked about, seeing that mid-teens inflation in the fourth quarter, but just any more detail on how to think about where  what those trends are?
Keith Allman: Sure. As I think we've all read and seen broadly across the industry, there's been a broad-based inflation and we're experiencing that, that same thing. We're seeing it in metals, zinc and copper, as you mentioned. And that's across both, both our category  both our segments particularly in the hardware and objective piece of architectural as well as obviously in brass and plumbing. Weve seen in polymers, and again that's across both our segments. Resins and paint, plastics in our plumbing valve train, for example, with our cross-linked polyethylene and our cartridges for the valves, we're saying it there, and then again same sort of story across both segments and logistics. Container costs continued to escalate even things like pallets and of course over the road trucking costs associated with some labor constraints that are broadly there in the trucking industry. So its broad based inflation and we expect to continue to see that in the fourth quarter. And as we mentioned we have done some good work and we'll continue to do work in the fourth quarter as it relates to achieving price cost neutrality by the end of the year.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Susan, maybe to put a finer point on Keith's comments. I think but for the fourth quarter and probably be the peak of inflation for the year, I suspect we'll feel mid-teens inflation in total across the company. They'll probably be low teens in the plumbing segment and probably high teens in our paint business. So pretty significant inflation, but as Keith mentioned the team has done a terrific job of working to offset those costs here as we exit 2021.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's very helpful color. And then as a follow-up, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing across the various channels within plumbing? I know that you kind of highlighted some strength within the e-commerce as well as the trade channels there. Can you just give us some commentary on how the various channels are moving? And any implications as we think about the margin trajectory there as some of those maybe continue to strengthen?
Keith Allman: Yes. We're really seeing, again, a strong broad based growth in plumbing. So if you look at geographically as we spoke in the prepared remarks, international is strong. We were very, very good growth in China, in the UK and in Germany, which are core markets for Hansgrohe and then good growth here in North America. With regards to channel and slicing it up by channel very strong performance in e-commerce; we've invested our best and brightest talent there. We've invested in our capital in terms of acquisitions to build and we've been working for a number of years in terms of our internal capabilities from logistics to pick and pack quantities of one to handling returns, marketing and generating a more efficient search, a better purchase journey for the consumers, et cetera. So a lot of work has gone into that, but we saw a real strong growth particularly in plumbing and e-commerce and also in the trade channel. And then strong, as we mentioned strong  strong PRO growth in pain. So a really good performance across multiple channels and multiple geographies, and I think Susan, that, that speaks to the work we've done in terms of the portfolio of driving affordable smaller ticket items that are involved in quicker remodels if you will, and smaller jobs as well as obviously being part of that bigger ticket job what executed. So that diversity across geographies, channels, price points, et cetera, has really delivered for us a nice robust portfolio, and I think that's a big part of it.
John Sznewajs: Susan, maybe I'll give you a little bit more color on one specific channel. I mean, let me talk a little bit about the e-commerce channel and the acquisition of Kraus, and how that's aided our e-commerce growth. So Kraus  the Kraus we bought in the beginning, really the tail end of last year, and the integration is going well and they continue to perform above our expectations. And we've made some good investments along with Kraus's complimentary products and online presence. And they helped to actually strengthen some of Delta's market-leading offerings to drive future growth. One of the things we specifically have done is with the help of Kraus, we've launched Delta branded sinks online, utilizing their offering and this is really a good contributor to our growth here in the back half of 2021. So e-commerce Delta was strong in e-commerce before we required Kraus in the Kraus acquisition. We really complimented Delta's strength in the online channel to accelerate its growth.
Susan Maklari: Great. That's very helpful color. Thank you. And good luck with everything.
John Sznewajs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Really exceptional results across the segments, particularly in paint, in light of what some of your peers are saying. So I have a couple of follow-ups. Keith, I know you mentioned a couple things around your supply chain partners and how you've kind of successfully managed there. But it is striking in terms of your ability to not just get product, but keep the inflation lower than what I think most of your public peers have talked about in that segment. So I'd love to hear just a little more detail or color on exactly kind of how you've managed this? Or what you think you've done differently than, than some of your peers over the last few months?
Keith Allman: Well, at the risk of maybe being redundant to what  what I've already talked about, I can't overstate what our supply chain teams have been able to do. And it's a product of a great partnership with Home Depot and the simplification and the focus that we have. We work hard to understand the Home Depot consumer, and we work hard to understand the Home Depot supply chain. And fundamentally everything that we do is geared towards and focused on that customer and those consumers. And because of that, I think that makes us fleet of foot, it makes us  it helps us be able to do the sorts of things that we need to do and react quickly when times get tough. It's mind boggling when you think about the types formulations that we had to go through in our R&D department in terms of changes and revalidation's to be able to move from one supplier to next to be it on colorant or resins, and really that's across our entire business, but specifically in pain. I think when you look at our formulations and how  what goes into our formulations and what was particularly tight in terms of capacity, I think that gave us a little bit of advantage and it has not been easy. We have changes the challenges and we continue to have challenges, but fundamentally, I do think it has to do with the extreme focus and dedication we have on a specific customer and the consumers and the ability to manage that versus say having a more complex lineup where we have different types of coatings and different types of customers and those sorts of things. So it's an attribute to simplification 80/20, a focus on our teams, and absolutely the highest quality workforce particularly in supply chain and R&D.
Mike Dahl: That's great. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, BEHR DYNASTY specifically, can you help us kind of size what the  what the contribution was from a top line perspective in the quarter? And you talked about some increased marketing costs around that just, how should we be thinking about that program in the fourth quarter and on a go-forward basis? And how's the adoption been or the sell-through?
John Sznewajs: Yes. Mike its John. So I think the impact on the quarter was relatively light. There was a small load in of about $20 million in the quarter. It's obviously helped the top line growth number, but it wasn't a huge driver of the overall growth.
Keith Allman: Yes. We're excited about DYNASTY. I'll tell you, it's going very well. It's our best paint ever. Best scuff resistant, most one color high colors, fast drying, lead certified green guard. It's just extremely good paint. It's our highest price point yet, but when you match it with those attributes it's a good value. I mean my father bought some of it. Let me tell you he's as excited as they get, while that's only one point, it's indicative of what kind of value this can bring. And it's an example of how our deep and extended relationship with the Depot can really help. We consistently bring that innovative new products and market leading attributes. And we do that, I like to think of our teams fighting above their weight class. We are focused and to your earlier question on supply chain, it kind of shows itself here with DYNASTY, very happy with DYNASTY and the launch.
Mike Dahl: Yes. Great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Ng: Hey guys congrats on a really impressive quarter in a challenging backdrop, and great to see demand being really strong here. Any color on how you're thinking about organic growth as we look out the 2022, since your comps to get a little tougher in the first half and how much line of sight do you have?
John Sznewajs: Yes. Phil its John. You're right, the comp as we go into the first part of 2022 will be tough, obviously when we post 31% growth in the Q1 and 53% growth in Q2 in plumbing I should say, 25% overall, 24% Q1, 24% in Q2, those are tough comps to go up against. That said, as I mentioned on my prepared remarks, we've got continued good backlogs in a number of our businesses that we have visibility into. We mentioned the fact that Watkins our wellness business continues to have a very strong backlog of probably several hundred million dollars. Our plumbing businesses, both Hansgrohe and Delta to the extent that we look at their backlogs, they are bigger than they would historically be at this time of the year, given the seasonality of things generally slowing down. So we do think that the first part of  growth going into the first part of 2022 will be good, but obviously we're up against some pretty tough comps. Beyond that, Keith, I don't know, pain is, got a little bit less visibility into the  the backlog of pain other than on the probe business we see some of the commercial projects coming through.
Keith Allman: Yes. I'd add our international markets were also recovering nicely. And we'll have more detail on 2022 in our fourth quarter call.
John Sznewajs: Phil, but I would say that, if you think about the macro trends where we stand right now, the macro trends really set up for a good 2022. The two big ones that we watch, because it really does impact our low ticket repair model portfolio of products that we have. Our existing home turnover and home price appreciation and as you know; those two have been very good. And why are those two on the fact that consumer's balance sheet is very good. All statistics say that $2 trillion of more savings as a result of the pandemic that the consumers are sitting on now. And the fact that the home is  for a vast majority of consumers, it's their largest investment. We think this environment bodes well for continued investment in homes. We're hearing about backlogs of big ticket projects with contractors. So we think that the supply chain tightness that the consumers have experienced have contributed to that backlog of big ticket projects. And so going into 2022, we think the environment set for good growth.
Phil Ng: Now, that's really helpful. Any color on how you're thinking about when supply chain kind of normalizes and appreciate some of these challenges? I think there was an expectation for maybe restocking inventory channel in the fourth quarter. Any color on how that has kind of progressed that more of an opportunity when we think about 2022 as well? Thanks a lot, guys.
John Sznewajs: It's very difficult to predict the supply chain in this environment. I think some things will have a little bit more lasting impact. I think logistic will probably remain tight. Well into 2022, our  if you will, the blood pressure metric that we look at is our fill rates coming from our supply base and our timeliness and accuracy of delivery dates versus promise. And those are starting to improve. Now, we have a long way to go. We're not back to where we need to be, but I would say in terms of our supply and incoming, we are starting to see some improvement and a little bit of stabilization as we look at those two key metrics. Umaria, I think we can go to the next question.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line Adam Baumgarten from Zelman. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey guys, thanks for taking the questions. Good morning. Just looking at decorative on the implied 4Q guidance, somewhat similar to revenue growth compared to 3Q; do you expect the similar PRO out performance to continue through the end of the year?
John Sznewajs: Yes. We would and yes, and we expect PRO to remain strong as we go through the ounce of the year. Whether it's going to be the same 45 plus percent growth we realized in Q3 is yet to be determined, but based on what we're hearing from PRO contractors based on the projects that, that we're hearing in terms of contract or backlogs, we do think the PRO demand will continue to be quite good.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then just on the SG&A spend kind of normalizing, when do you expect to reach that full normalized run rate? Is it by the end of this year, or will it drag into next year?
John Sznewajs: It'll probably drag into next year, Adam. If you think about our SG&A spend, we've talked since the beginning of the year about $40 million of spend that we pulled out of the system last year during the height of the pandemic. And we'll slowly later that, that back in over the course of the self recorders. Keith mentioned earlier, we're investing in our brands, we're investing in innovation, we're investing in headcount, and it's all reflecting in itself in some of the top line growth that you've witnessed today  that we reported today. So some of that investment, we'll be mindful of it. We are not going to just let it all flow back in. So sufficed to say that our businesses have their fingers on the dials and are actively managing that cost as it comes back in.
Adam Baumgarten: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line Garik Shmois from Loop Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just given the rising price points and inflation, just wondering if you could speak to any change in mix that you might be seeing in plumbing and paint, and if that's being impacted at all?
Keith Allman: Garik mix really wasn't that big of an issue in the quarter. There may have been a little bit of slightly favorable mix in plumbing as we've seen a little bit greater strength in Europe, which can tend to be I mean we get more projects, which means our AXOR brand does a little bit better. And maybe some of our spa business is trended to a little bit more of a favorable mix. But beyond that it wasn't all that impactful in the quarter.
Garik Shmois: Okay, thanks. And then to the extent you can provide a little bit more color on your expectations for margin expansion in 2022, recognizing you provide more guidance after next quarter, but given you are going to be likely exiting this year a price cost neutrality, would you anticipate margin expansion across your businesses to begin early in the year?
John Sznewajs: We've talked about this and we haven't changed our outlook. And that is that we have nice dropdown and incremental volume we'll exit the year at price cost neutrality. There still is questions about where commodities will move if at all in 2022, and can I remember that if they do, we will handle that as we have in the past with productivity and further price if needed. So, we throw all that all together, as we've talked in the past, we're looking at margin expansion, not in the hundreds of basis points, more in the tens of basis points, but our commitment and how we drive our leadership teams and how we structure our variable compensation for those teams is growth above market and margin expansion. That's fundamentally part of our culture and how we drive our businesses. And that's what we will achieve in 2022. 
Garik Shmois: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with their questions.
Deepa Raghavan: Hi, good morning, all. Thanks for taking the question. Let me start with some October trends. Just curious how that has trended so far? Are you seeing any seasonality, rebounding anything that you are able to talk to on October so far, please?
Keith Allman: Yes, I think we've really moved to talking about our quarter and how we've exited the quarter, and we're not going to get into slice and a dice in that, up on a monthly basis. And the reason because there is ebbs and flows, different parts of our businesses launch products, have fill and different things happen. So, it's more productive and a better indicator for how we're doing for our business if we stick to the core.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay, understood. How about the quarter then? Any surprises, either positive or negative during Q3 three? And anything that you would point us out as we look into 2022, to be aware of that we shouldn't probably carry forward?
Keith Allman: In terms of surprises, it's playing out as we expected. As I said in our opening comments, I will say that while I have a high expectation of our supply chain team, I was pleasantly surprised and happy to see how well we really performed. We talked about it in paint. The same could be said in Plumbing and that had a real impact on our business and how we fared competitively. So, that was well, maybe not a surprise, it certainly was nice to see, and I'm proud of the teams.
Deepa Raghavan: Great. It was a nice quarter though. Thanks so much.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Keith Hughes. Please proceed with your question.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Questions in Plumbing I guess looking at the growth both in North America and Europe, can you give us some sort of a feel how much of that growth in units and how much of that growth is price mix?
John Sznewajs: Keith as we look at it, we did see good volume growth in Plumbing both domestically and internationally. And don't get acquisitions contributed the growth as well. But if you factor out the acquisitions, I'd say, if you had to weigh the two of volume mix versus price, I'd say in plumbing you much more heavily weighted on volume than you would on price in the quarter.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Looking the difference in growth rates, excluding acquisition between North America and international, international to get that higher, was there certain regions internationally that really it out that pushed it higher than the U.S.?
John Sznewajs: So internationally, yes, the three that we mentioned that grew double digits were Germany, China, and the UK. And as you might expect Germany and China had a relatively easy comps compared to given the third quarter of last year. China was actually growing nicely in the third quarter of last year and continued to. So that was a bit of a positive surprise for us, just the strength of the Chinese market over there. But other than that, if you factor out those three large markets, but if you look broadly across the 140 markets that Hansgrohe sells into, nearly all experience some form of growth. I mean, there were a couple very small marks that we sell into that didn't grow. But boy, I'd say 135 of the 140 countries we sell into, grew in the third quarter.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Kim: Yes, thanks a lot guys. Couple of questions on [indiscernible] specifically, paint, Keith I'm reminded about how Behr has this long-standing history of just excellent fulfillment. And it was good to see that, I guess that really was a standout again, this quarter. Into DIY segment of the business if we look at things, kind of in terms of a kind of a two-year stack in your commentary, it kind of suggests that there might have been a modest volume acceleration in 3Q, but I'm assuming that I'm just wondering, was that all just price? Did you actually see any kind of volume acceleration in 3Q? And then on the PRO side of the business, builders scrambling around sending guys to Home Depot to go get paint, to get homes closed. I'm wondering how much of a benefit do you think that was to the up 45%? And do you think that business can be sticky?
Keith Allman: So, couple of parts to your question. Firstly, yes, we did see some in terms of gallonage, when you look at DIY Q3 2021 versus Q3 2019. So, we did see some slight positive gallonage there in terms of overall volume. And obviously with the price, we saw some very nice revenue volume when you do that comparison stack over 2019. In terms of was our supply chain performance versus competition, a factor in getting a look for some pros? I would say yes. And it's incumbent on us to make that as sticky as we can. And we'll see, I'll tell you I feel good about it. This new Dynasty brand is being applied and installed by some professionals, we're obviously seeing our PRO line of paint that continues to be installed by professionals and it's working well and the brand has pull with consumers. And so, you think about the PRO and the resi repaint, as well as some of the commercial and more multifamily looks that we're getting, I think, we fare well. But it's incumbent on us to start to develop that kind of loyalty in those pros like we have in other pros. So, I think it was certainly a factor and we'll work as hard as we can to make it sticky.
Stephen Kim: Yes, certainly you have the opportunity, so that's good. If you look at  I just wanted to clarify one thing about your many comments on cost inflation, were there any sub segments worth calling out let's say lighting or hardware or Hansgrohe, whatever, where you actually were price cost neutral already in 3Q or where you expect to be price cost neutral in 4Q? I don't just mean by year end, but I mean actually in 4Q. And could you comment specifically on labor inflation in your outlook?
Keith Allman: Yes, well, I'm not going to get into slicing and dicing it by individual commodities, or products, or segments, and that sort of thing as it relates to price cost, but in terms of labor, that continues to be a challenge, as we talked about. And that's one of the things that we're working very hard to do as it relates to programs, whether white collar or blue collar. As it relates to safety in our factories and programs for different work engagements if you will, or different work methodologies as it relates to work from home or hybrid or come into the office, sort of thing to appeal to as much of the labor as we can. And that includes in some cases some wage increases and wage inflation. So, yes, labor is an issue, and I think that's globally across industry. But we're also seeing that.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Makes sense. Thanks guys.
Keith Allman: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next will come from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning, everyone. And Keith, congratulations on a great quarter. A lot of great execution. I wanted to just  you talked about trying to achieve price or you will achieve price cost neutrality by the end of the year. And I guess I'm just wondering thinking about the extent to which would that push on pricing here in the second half, how much carryover pricing you would have into 2022? And also, if I could just get some clarification around that price cost comment you noted that you'd be price cost neutral in plumbing, but if you mentioned it for decorative architecture, I may have missed that. Are you expecting with the higher inflation in decorative architecture to be price cost neutral by year end there as well?
Keith Allman: Yes, we are across, across Masco.
David MacGregor: Okay. And carry over pricing for 2022, what are your thoughts there?
John Sznewajs: Yes, David, there will be some carryover pricing into 2022. We'll get into more color on that on our fourth quarter call in February.
David MacGregor: Okay. All right. I guess second question, just obviously a very strong market share performance in PRO paint, but could you just talk about where else within your product makes you may have gained, share in the quarter?
John Sznewajs: Well, we had a very solid performance in plumbing, plumbing trade in particular, e-commerce continues to be  we believe we're a leader in e-commerce and we continue to  we believe gain share. I'll tell you that at it's very difficult to accurately pin down overall market volume in a particular quarter. So that we'll see as we in the year and we go through our models that we use to estimate total market size, but I believe we're gaining share in trade plumbing and e-commerce certainly would think we're gaining share in our spa business, and our wellness business and Watkins that continues to perform quite well. And when I look at our growth in Europe versus what our competition is doing, I believe we're gaining share at Hansgrohe as well. But again, it's difficult. I like to speak with absolute numbers and run it through our market model. And it's very difficult to see the actual market size quarter-to-quarter, but we're doing well in Watkins, doing well in Europe with Hansgrohe, certainly in plumbing and the propane you talked about.
David MacGregor: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ken Zener from Key. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Zener: Good morning, everybody
Keith Allman: Good morning.
John Sznewajs: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zener: Paint up 4% headline as noted the volumes were down, which contributed to that operating margin. Could you maybe discriminate if you look at the paint PPI index, it says PPI was up about 10% in the third quarter. Could you maybe give us a sense of that pricing magnitude and then for those three buckets that hit operating margins, the volume commodity costs, marketing expenses, could you maybe give us a sense of magnitude of those buckets? That's it. Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Ken. So, in terms of our paint inflation that we felt in the quarter, we were up mid-teens inflation in paint. So, and that was the inflation that we felt and that obviously had an impact on the margin that we developed. In terms of I'm not familiar with the PPI index, but I think, that addressed as your question.
Ken Zener: Right. And then the impact for the volume versus the other the commodity cost for the margin impact.
John Sznewajs: So, if you think about  yes, so obviously with volumes being down that had a pretty negative impact on the margins, as well as some of the investment that we put back into the business during the quarter, I think, those are the two probably bigger impacts with pricing being a small offset to those.
Ken Zener: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steven Ramsey from Thompson Research Group. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Ramsey: Good morning. Some of our recent channel checks point to some companies reducing skews to focus on better margin, better volume products, given the supply chain issues. Are you doing this in any product categories? And if so, would it be on a near-term or long-term basis?
Keith Allman: Part of our ability to perform as well as we did with respect to supply chain. And this was in Plumbing was simplifying our assortment for a limited period of time. It was for a couple months, I believe, in that range to allow our suppliers to do less changeovers have longer and ultimately do a better job of supplying our customers. So, there was a little bit of that, but it was short-lived, it helped out as I said, our supply base with longer run. But that was basically simplification and 80-20 thinking as part of the Masco Operating System. And we applied that in this case during this tough issue around supply chain, but that's over for the most part, those skews are back in line and that's, again, part of what gives me confidence that we're starting to get some relief on some of these issues as it relates to supply chain, particularly from our great supplier partners.
Steven Ramsey: Great. And then maybe taking that topic and thinking broader the supply chain and labor issues, are they forcing you to make changes to fill demand and support margins in the near term that will have to be kind of reversed or changed in a major way as the supply chain environment normalizes over the next one year plus?
Keith Allman: Could restate that question for me? I wasn't tracking with you. I apologize.
Steven Ramsey: I guess what I'm getting at is the near-term changes to manage this environment that you are having to make, will those have to be reversed in a major way as the supply chain and labor market normalizes over the next three to six quarters?
Keith Allman: No. No reversing of any kind of things. I was just indicating that we did take some of our lower volume complexity offline for a couple months to give our suppliers a breather to lengthen their runs. That's all.
Steven Ramsey: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We do you have a question in queue from a participant that did not record their name or their firm name, but they are calling from a 216 area code. Caller, please state your name and firm and provide for your question.
Eric Bosshard: Sounds like me. It's Eric Bosshard, Cleveland Research. Two things. First of all, the incremental pricing, you have to take incremental pricing now, or in 4Q to offset the incremental installation?
John Sznewajs: Yes, we will be implementing price in the fourth quarter, Eric, to help offset inflation, yes.
Eric Bosshard: Is that in both businesses?
John Sznewajs: Across the company.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. And then secondly, in terms of faucets or plumbing, I'm curious if you're seeing within the business any change in mix in terms of what consumers are buying as you've raised price or as you're managing the product offering if you've seen any notable change in behavior from consumers?
Keith Allman: Not really, no. The mix change as John talked about was relatively small and more associated with different regions growing that tend to be higher mix like Europe growing quite well. And that tended to be higher mix and our spas, continue to grow, which is a higher price point. But we're not seeing any mix shift as it relates to pricing changes.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. Thank you.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: And we do have time for one final question, which will come from the line of Truman Patterson with Wolfe Research; please proceed with your question.
Truman Patterson: Hey, good morning everyone just wanted to hop on for a couple items that I don't think have been touched on yet. Clearly very strong growth in the PRO paint business. Just wanted to understand in order to make this stickier have you all started targeting, I don't know, local or regional builders for exclusive contracts or any other kind of sales strategies to make sure that this momentum continues moving forward?
Keith Allman: We're not going to get into the competitive nature in terms of our salesforce execution and what we're going after. But fundamentally it's about understanding the value that we bring and then targeting the customers that would appreciate that value the most. So, we're not going after all of our every pro that's out there, we definitely are segmenting. And that's part again, of our 80-20 simplification where we believe we have the best chance that's where we'll put our sales efforts. So, we are targeting our sales and we are looking at different attributes for those specific customers. I won't go and say specific long-term contracts or anything of that sort. I won't get into specifics, but along those lines of targeting our offer to what the customer values the most is exactly what our culture is about.
Truman Patterson: Okay. And then on the M&A strategy, you're generating strong, free cash flow, $850 million of cash on the balance sheet. Could you just give an update of your overall strategy there, the pipeline of deals and valuations we've been hearing that they are fairly elevated? 
John Sznewajs: Yes, Truman it's John. I think a good way to think about our M&A strategy is take a look at the four recent acquisitions we've done in the last year. So, we did four, of the four, each of them are very aligned with the strategy of one of our business units. So, in the case of Kraus, Delta is looking to grow their e-commerce strategy and Kraus is a great compliment to Delta's already strong presence in the e-commerce channel. And it's going enhance that. Similarly, we bought Steamist, one of the leading steam shower businesses. That focuses on Delta's strength with their trade business, with the steam shower businesses is of demand and if it's hand in glove there. Obviously, the applicator business that we bought earlier in the year, compliments Behrs paint offering, and then the high-style drain business we bought in Europe compliments Hansgrohe's high style showers and process. And so, as you think about where we're focusing our efforts, it's on these smaller bolt-on, tuck-in type businesses that have an alignment with the strategy of one of our business units. And yes, that's really focusing on both paint and plumbing. So, our team that we've got in place is doing a great job of the cultivation of new, smaller businesses. And I would anticipate there will be future acquisitions obviously we can't foreshadow the timing of those. But the team is working hard. Part of the reason that we're focusing on these Truman also is to your point the valuations as you move up in terms of the size are quite high and so we see better value in the lower middle market. And so that's where we're focusing our efforts at this time. And then I think we'll continue to focus our efforts in that lower middle market over the coming months and quarters.
Truman Patterson: All right. Thank you all
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: I would like to thank everyone for joining us today and for your interest in Masco. That concludes today's call.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 10:01:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco's Second Quarter Conference Call. My name is Dorothy, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for playback purposes. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Dorothy, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2021 second quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our Web site under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at (313) 792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our Web site under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy. We performed exceptionally well in the second quarter, and demand for our products was strong. This resulted in our fourth consecutive quarter of double digit sales growth and sixth consecutive quarter of both margin expansion and double digit earnings per share growth. I'm extremely proud of our entire team as we successfully navigated numerous supply chain challenges to enable this growth.  For the quarter, sales increased 24%. Excluding acquisitions, divestitures and currency, sales increased 18%. Operating profit increased 27% and margins expanded 60 basis points to 20.1%, principally due to strong volume leverage. Earnings per share increased an outstanding 34%. Our overall performance demonstrates the strength of our portfolio of lower ticket, repair and remodel products that are diversified across geographies and channels, serving both the consumer and the professional.  Turning to our plumbing segment, sales increased 48%, excluding currency, led by exceptional growth from our North American and international faucet and shower businesses and our spa business. International plumbing grew 50% in the quarter, excluding currency, as Hansgrohe sales rebounded sharply in nearly all of its markets. Strong operational execution and new products such as Hansgrohe's Rainfinity shower systems led to share gains in many of these markets.  New product introductions will continue as we launched the award-winning AXOR One collection in the second half of the year. This collection was designed by Barber Osgerby, an award-winning internationally acclaimed London-based industrial design studio. This continues Hansgrohe's legacy of combining leading contemporary design with innovative functionality.  North American plumbing posted strong growth of 47%, excluding currency, in the second quarter, led by approximately 75% growth at Watkins Wellness and robust double digit growth at Delta. Delta faucet delivered another record quarter with growth across all channels, and particularly strength in the professionally-oriented trade channel. We continue to invest in new products in North American plumbing as well. And two days ago, we introduced a Frank Lloyd Wright collection by Brizo that furthers the brand's commitment to distinctive design and innovative products.  Lastly, in plumbing, at the beginning of July, we acquired Steamist, another bolt-on acquisition for Delta. Steamist is a leading manufacturer of residential steam bath products that will complement our strong trade and e-commerce product offering and is consistent with our bolt-on acquisition strategy.  In our decorative architectural segment, sales declined 5% against the healthy 8% comp for the second quarter of 2020. While bath and cabinet hardware, lighting and propane grew in the quarter, demand moderated for DIY paint. Material availability and other supply chain issues also impacted our overall coatings business, as nearly all of our resin suppliers were operating under a force majeure declaration during the second quarter. Because of these issues, sell-through on our coatings products was better than sell-in and inventories in the channel were reduced during the quarter. Due to lower than expected second quarter sales and our expectation that material availability issues will persist but slowly improve, we are lowering our DIY sales expectation from flat to down low-single digits for the full year.  However, with the acceleration we saw in our propane business in the quarter, we are incrementally more optimistic and are raising our expectations to low-double digit growth from high-single digit for the full year for our propane business. For the decorative segment overall, we now expect growth to be in the range of 2% to 5% for the full year.  With respect to innovation in the decorative segment, we continue to invest in new products and are excited to launch a new high end line of paint in the third quarter at the Home Depot called Behr Dynasty for both DIY and pro painters. Dynasty is our most durable, stain-resistant, scuff resistant, one-coat hide paint ever.  Its low VOC, Greenguard and LEED certified, fast drying and has an anti-microbial mildew-resistant paint finish. This is yet another example of how our innovation teams continue to focus on the voice of the customer to deliver leading innovation and value for both the consumer and the professional.  Moving on to capital allocation. We continued our aggressive share buyback during the quarter by repurchasing 6.6 million shares for $447 million. As part of the accelerated share repurchase agreement that we executed during the quarter, we will additionally receive approximately 900,000 shares in July to complete that agreement, bringing our total shares repurchased year-to-date to 13.1 million shares for $750 million. This is approximately 5% of our outstanding share account at the beginning of the year. Underscoring our strong financial position and confidence in the future, we now anticipate deploying another $250 million in the second half of the year for share repurchases and acquisitions for a full year total of approximately $1 billion.  Finally, like I did last quarter, let me give you an update on what we are experiencing with inflation and supply chain tightness. We continue to see escalating inflation across most of our cost basket, including freight, resins, TiO2 and packaging. Inbound freight container costs nearly tripled during the quarter.  We now expect our all-in cost inflation to be in the high-single digit range for the full year for both our plumbing and decorative segments, with low-double digit inflation in the second half of the year. Inflation in coatings will likely be in the mid-teens later in the fourth quarter. To mitigate this inflation, we have secured price increases across both segments, and are taking further pricing action across our business to address these continued cost escalations.  We're also working with our suppliers, customers and internal teams to implement further productivity measures to help offset these costs. Despite the increased inflation, we still expect to achieve price/cost neutrality by year-end. While cost inflation has clearly been an issue, material availability has also impacted our business.  Our teams have done a tremendous job of qualifying new suppliers, developing material substitutions, and shifting production to adapt to this dynamic environment and to serve our customers. However, these raw material constraints have limited our ability to build inventory of many of our products and the channels that we serve. We anticipate material availability to slowly improve in the second half of the year, and we expect to replenish inventory to the appropriate levels over time.  The demand for our products remains strong. And with an improved outlook for plumbing based on the continued strength of both our North American and international operations, we are increasing our full year expectations of earnings per share to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.75 per share, up from our previous expectations of $3.50 to $3.70. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John for additional detail on our second quarter results. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning to Slide 7. We delivered another exceptional quarter as we capitalized on strong consumer demand, resulting in continued growth and increased backlogs. As a result, sales increased 24% with currency and net acquisitions, each contributing 3% to growth.  In local currency, North American sales increased 15% or 12%, excluding acquisitions. Strong volume growth in North American faucets, showers and spas led this outstanding performance. In local currency, international sales increased a robust 50% or 49%, excluding acquisitions and divestitures. Gross margin was 36.3% in the quarter, up 50 basis points as we leverage the strong volume growth.  Our SG&A as a percentage of sales improved 10 basis points to 16.2% due to our operating leverage. During the quarter, certain expenses such as headcount, marketing, and travel and entertainment increased as planned. We expect SG&A as a percent of sales to increase in the third and fourth quarters, as these costs normalize.  We delivered strong second quarter operating profit of $438 million, up $94 million or 27% from last year, with operating margins expanding 60 basis points to 20.1%. Our EPS was $1.14 in the quarter, a 34% increase compared to the second quarter of 2020, due to volume leverage, lower interest expense and lower share count.  Turning to Slide 8. Plumbing growth accelerated in the quarter with sales up 53%. Currency contributed 5% to this growth and acquisitions, net of divestitures, contributed another 4%. North American sales increased 47% in local currency or 41%, excluding acquisitions. Delta led this outstanding performance, delivering another quarter of robust double digit growth. With a strong brand recognition and market leadership, Delta continues to drive strong consumer demand across all its product categories and channels.  Watkins Wellness also significantly contributed to growth in the quarter with both demand and our backlog remained strong. International plumbing sales increased 50% in local currency or 49%, excluding acquisitions and divestitures. Hansgrohe delivered robust growth as demand continues to improve across Europe and numerous other countries. Hansgrohes key markets of Germany, China, UK and France, all grew strong double digits in the quarter. Segment operating margins expanded 230 basis points to 20.6% in the quarter, with operating profit of $274 million, up $115 million or 72%. The strong performance was driven by incremental volume, favorable mix and cost productivity initiatives, partially offset by an unfavorable price/cost relationship and higher spend on items such as travel and entertainment, marketing and growth initiatives.  During the quarter, we also completed the divestiture of HPPE, a small shower enclosure business based in Germany. HPPE sales were approximately 70 million in 2020. This transaction closed on May 31, and net proceeds were not material. Given our second quarter results and current demand trends, we now expect plumbing segments sales growth for 2021 to be in the 22% to 24% range, up from our previous guidance of 15% to 18%. Finally, due to our improved sales outlook, we are increasing our full year margin expectations to approximately 18.5%, up from our previous guide of approximately 18%. Turning to Slide 9. Decorative architectural declined 5% for the second quarter and was 6%, excluding the benefit from acquisitions. DIY paint business declined double digits in the quarter against the healthy high-teens comp due to moderating demand and raw material supply tightness as resin plants affected by storms in the Texas Gulf Coast region in the first quarter continued to face production challenges. We expect these raw material headwinds to persist in the third quarter and now anticipate our DIY paint business to be down low-single digits for the full year.  To help mitigate these challenges, we are working with our existing suppliers and qualifying new sources for materials to meet the demand of our customers which remains strong. I want to thank our supply chain teams which have done an outstanding job managing through these challenges. Our PRO paint business delivered strong double digits growth in the quarter, as consumers are increasingly willing to allow professional paint contractors in their homes. We expect demand in this channel to remain strong and now anticipate low-double digit growth for the PRO paint business for the full year, up from our previous expectation of high-single digits as PRO paint contractors order books continue to grow.  Our builders' hardware and lighting businesses each delivered growth in the quarter, as they continue to capitalize on increased consumer demand. Segment operating margins were 22.1% and operating profit in the quarter was $188 million due to lower volume, partially offset by cost productivity initiatives. For full year 2021, we now expect decorative architectural segments sales growth will be in the range of 2% to 5%, down from 4% to 9% due to lower than expected second quarter sales and persistent raw material constraints. We continue to expect segment operating margins of approximately 19% as productivity initiatives in pricing help offset higher input costs.  Turning to Side 10. Our balance sheet is strong with net debt to EBITDA at 1.3x. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.8 billion of balance sheet liquidity, which includes full availability of our $1 billion revolver. Working capital as a percent of sales, including our recent acquisitions, was 16.9%, an improvement of 120 basis points over prior year.  As we discussed last quarter, we terminated and annuitized our U.S. qualified defined benefit plans in the second quarter and had an approximate $100 million final cash contribution to the plans to complete this activity. This removes approximately $140 million of pension liabilities from our balance sheet, and it will benefit our free cash flow by approximately $50 million through reduced cash contributions, starting in 2022. Also, we received approximately $166 million from the redemption of our preferred stock related to the recent sale of our former cabinet business.  Finally, as Keith mentioned earlier, as of today, we repurchased 13.1 million shares in 2021 for $750 million. We expect to deploy an additional $250 million for share repurchases or acquisitions for the remainder of this year. Collectively, these actions demonstrate our confidence in our business and our commitment and ability to further strengthen our balance sheet, while aggressively returning capital to our shareholders. Turning to our full year guidance, we have summarized our updated expectations for 2021 on Slide 11. Based on our second quarter performance and continued robust demand, we now anticipate overall sales growth of 14% to 16%, up from 10% to 14% with operating margins of approximately 17.5%, up from 17%.  Lastly, as Keith mentioned earlier, our updated 2021 EPS estimate range of $3.65 to $3.75 represents 19% EPS growth at the midpoint of the range. This assumes the 252 million average diluted share count for the full year. Additional modeling assumptions for 2021 can be found on Slide 14 in earnings deck.  With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Keith. 
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. We had an outstanding second quarter driven by our strong brands, our innovation pipelines and most of all, our people, as demonstrated by outstanding execution by our supply chain teams. Our strong performance demonstrates the strength of Masco's balanced and diversified business. Masco is a broad portfolio of lower ticket, repair and remodel-oriented home improvement products. Our products are broadly distributed across geographies and channels for both consumers and professionals. Additionally, our markets remain strong, and we expect home remodeling expenditures to drive growth in 2022. The fundamentals of our repair and remodel business are strong, with year-over-year home price appreciation of over 15% in May and existing home sales up over 23%. Both metrics have a strong correlation with our sales on a lag basis. And the consumer is strong, with nearly $2 trillion in savings and an increased desire to invest in their homes.  Lastly, we continue to invest in our business and are well positioned for long-term growth. We are bringing new, innovative products to market, fueling our growth and expanding our leading market share. And with our leading margins and strong free cash flow, we will continue to deploy capital to reinvesting in our business, acquiring complementary bolt-on companies and returning cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases all to drive long-term shareholder value.  With that, I'll now open up the call to questions. Operator?
Operator: In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the questions. I could start on I guess DIY coatings. It sounded like you're attributing the reduction in the revenue guide more so to supply chain than to a real change in your demand outlook. I think you said sell-through was better than sell-in. So if you could just provide a little more color on that I guess that you found that demand in DIY specifically is really not that different than what you previously thought, or do you think the consumer is pulling back a little bit more than expected there as well? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Matt, I would say that demand did moderate a bit, more than we expected. But certainly, material availability and other supply chain challenges have played a role in the decline in the quarter. And, of course, we had some tough comps. The impact of the storms in Texas and the Gulf Coast region continue to limit resin supply. Really this is an industry-wide phenomenon and nearly all of our resins, as I mentioned, were suppliers who were operating under a force majeure declaration in the second quarter. There was a plant explosion in addition at a supplier that supplies our acrylic resin, but really for the industry, but that affected us. So we do expect -- while they're not over yet, we do expect these material availability issues to persist in the third quarter and then slowly improve. So we now expect, as I mentioned, our sales growth to be in the range of 2% to 5%, down from our previous expectation of 4% to 9%. I would like to reiterate that our supply chain teams have done an outstanding job, and they'll continue to do so.
Matthew Bouley: Understood, really helpful color there. Thank you for that. Second one is on a similar topic, but just thinking about raw material constraints broadly. It sounded like it really did constrain your ability to build inventory beyond just paint, if I heard you correctly. Perhaps paint was most acute. But I'm curious if you could outline kind of where else beyond paint that you think demand may have been running ahead of what you were able to produce, and maybe any color around the timing of when you think you can catch up from a production perspective? Thank you.
Keith Allman: It's been pretty broad-based I think. We'd like to have more inventory in our channel to put it very directly. When we think about spas, we have never had a backlog of this size and spas and demand continues to be real robust. We're doing a good job in our international front, but there's pockets in certain products where we could afford to have some more inventory in the channel. The same is true in North American plumbing. And we're getting in better shape. We're not all the way there yet. But we do expect to, throughout the back half of the year, put our inventory positioned in the channel back to where they belong.
Matthew Bouley: Great. Well, thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Susan.
Susan Maklari: My first question is around, you mentioned that as a result of some of the supply chain issues that you are seeing inventories that are obviously continuing to fall and are really lean in the channel. Can you give us some sense of what this means in terms of your ability to get those inventories back up? And is it something that potentially could kind of bleed into early 2022 now, as we think about all the headwinds that are out there?
Keith Allman: It's difficult to prognosticate on the future. We've seen more than just the Texas Gulf issue that we had in resins. There was a plant explosion, as I mentioned. But I would tell you that we intend over the back half of the year to get our inventory back in shape.
Susan Maklari: Okay, all right. My next question is around the margins in the plumbing segment. You've delivered about 20.5 or so in the first half of the year there. The guidance though implies that the second half will come down relative to the first half and understanding that you've got some price/cost headwinds in there and things. But can you just give us some more color on how we should be thinking about that relative step down? And any thoughts on third quarter versus fourth quarter in there, and some of those trends?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Susan, its John. Maybe I'll take this one. So you're right. We obviously delivered very strong margins here in the first half of year and then in the second quarter as well. Given our guide, it does imply a little bit of a step down in margin in the back half of the year. Were pleased with how we've executed so far. But as weve mentioned on previous calls, we do need to put some money back into the business in the form of investments. And they'll take the form of travel and entertainment, as I mentioned, but theyll also take the form of some growth initiatives. And you may recall in some of our prior calls, we said that we thought in 2020 that we may have delayed as much as $40 million of investment spend just to make sure we appropriately contain costs as we were going through the pandemic. And so we see things begin to improve here significantly. We continue to expect that some of that spend will return. As I mentioned in my remarks, some of that spend actually started to return in the second quarter as we began to make some investments in marketing and growth initiatives. So we believe that a lot of that spend will start to come back in the second half of the year. And that will take additional investment in our leading brands, some of the innovation that Keith mentioned in his prepared remarks and in service to ensure that our customers are in full supply of our products. And so we think that will also contribute to future growth of the business to better meet our customers needs. At the same time, as we kind of alluded to on our prepared remarks, there's going to be a little bit of a price/cost headwind as we go into the back half of the year. We've always talked about a little bit of a lag in getting and price in cost flowing through our P&L. In general, even in the plumbing segment, it's about a two-quarter lag. And so that's the second piece that will impact the margins in the back half of the year. So those two, a little bit of an incremental spend and then also that price/cost lag. That said, we are very confident that we'll be price/cost neutral as we exit the year.
Susan Maklari: Okay, that's very helpful color. Thank you and good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc.
Ken Zener: Good morning, everybody.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zener: So amazing environment you guys are operating in. Could you talk to -- obviously there was a larger coatings company that reported. Is there a way for you to talk to or quantify how supply/inventory is affecting your coatings business, whether it's DIY or PRO? And then are you seeing -- because of those constraints, are you seeing channel shifts at all within the PRO perhaps because of those types of constraints, or limited availability of coatings?
Keith Allman: Well, I would say that our inability to have our inventory position where we want it, say first half compared to what we expect in the second half, had an impact on revenue. I'm going to fall short of going down specifically quantifying --
Ken Zener: Understood. 
Keith Allman: But we think that inventory is going to help us in the back half. In terms of channel shift, we pride ourselves on having broad distribution across multiple channels. When you look at our -- you're talking coatings now. But if we look at plumbing, we have a very strong position in retail, which is both a PRO and a consumer channel. We have a leading position in trade, which is principally more oriented towards the PRO. And then in e-commerce, which is mainly consumer, we have a leading position there. Similar story when we look at coatings, where we have a strong PRO franchise as well as we always talk about the strong DIY. So we like our positioning of where we are in terms of broad channel distribution. So that if there are particular shifts, be it PRO to DIY or online to trade, et cetera, we have it covered. And I think that's a good, significant reason why we're able to perform in this dynamic environment, in addition to our strong teams that have been able to address these issues, where our customer wants to buy and we're quite agnostic to these kinds of shifts, if they happen. 
John Sznewajs: Ken, the one thing I add to Keiths comment is, specifically to PRO, well continue to invest in that PRO initiative. We think that's a really strong growth driver for us over the course of the next several years. And we and our channel partner, the Home Depot, look to continue to invest to grow the PRO paint business.
Ken Zener: Yes, just sticking with that and its a simple question. It seems like there might be higher margins from PRO versus DIY. And could you kind of describe -- it seems like these paint initiatives, I know you always have them, but the scuff I think is how you described it. And then when Behr did the primer and paint in one coating, that was quite a leadership introduction. Do you think these latest, like the scuff and some of the PRO stuff is really able to pull in more demand on that PRO due to the quality compared to perhaps other competitors? Thank you.
Keith Allman: We're really proud of the Behr product development teams, research and development. We have been on the leading edge of development really since that company started. Paint and primer in one was a big one. We also work on commercial development as it relates to the color selection center and being able to match colors and those sorts of things. So this dynasty introduction is one of another of a long line of things that we have demonstrated the ability to do, and well continue to do. Whether or not this is going to be as groundbreaking as paint and primer in one, we'll see. But this is our best paint ever, no question about it. In terms of scuff resistance, the number of one-coat hides that we have, the coatings that we have on in terms of mildew and antibacterial and all those other sorts of things. So this is a very big deal for us. And I'm extremely proud of it. And I'm also -- its what we expect and also what we're going to continue to do.
Ken Zener: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Keith, John, I just wanted to first, a quick follow up along the same lines of kind of the cadence that was asked about margins I guess side, specifically with respect to dec arc. Is the thought given some of the supply constraints you're talking about that 3Q ends up looking a little similar to 2Q and then a bit of a rebound in 4Q, or should we expect more even performance between 3Q and 4Q, because it seems like overall the back half is expecting plus or minus flat in that segment?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike. Good question. So, as we look at the back half of the year, we think it's going to be a pretty even performance across the last six months, based on what we're seeing out in the marketplace, based on supply that Keith was just talking about and understanding how seasonally things fall through in terms of demand. So it looks to us right now like a pretty even back half.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thanks. And my second question is on capital allocation. It's great to see that the buyback and the increased guide. It does seem like just broadly speaking, there's been an uptick in M&A. I was wondering if you could comment about just -- specifically in your segments, there seems like there may be some assets that shake lose. What are you seeing in the pipeline? And what are you seeing in terms of competition for deals? Because it seems like right now your guide is still predicated mostly on buybacks.
Keith Allman: Really, Mike, not a whole lot of change in terms of what we're seeing. It's been pretty similar to what we've seen now for the better part of the year. What we have and what we're doing here at Masco is we have a new deal team, and we have a new business development team that's been moved under John's leadership, and they're building momentum clearly, and doing a good job, both in terms of cultivation as well as executing the deals. The valuations, I would say, as is broadly understood and seen is still quite high compared to historical averages. And that really I think informs and was a key driver of our strategy of focusing on bolt-ons where we need to have synergies. So the pipeline is robust. Were moving various assets through that pipeline in terms of evaluation. We continue to do that. And it continues to look robust. Having said that, we're patient and we will make sure that these acquisitions are the right strategic fit for us, like you see with Work Tools International or with Kraus in plumbing on the e-commerce side that bolsters our leadership in that channel. So we're going to continue with our strategy. We've got an outstanding team that's working it. And we expect to continue with this type of deal flow.
John Sznewajs: Mike, maybe just a couple of extra comments to supplement Keiths. I would say that the three acquisitions that we did at the end of last year are all on plan. So the working teams -- the integration has gone well, the interaction with our existing businesses have gone very well. And so they're right on the business case. And so we're very, very pleased with those results. And maybe some -- as Keith was talking about, there's a lot of activity. The pipeline is robust. And part of the reason we've been playing at the lower -- at the smaller bolt-ons is we see better value down there at this point. As Keith mentioned, very, very robust pricing in some of the larger transactions that have been received in the industry. And so we just think there's better value at the lower end of the middle market right now. And so we're going to continue to play down there.
Mike Dahl: Okay, good to hear. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I guess a bigger picture looking out to 2022, you do have tougher comps, certainly a lot of favorable secular drivers. Do you see your growth algorithm returning back to that mid-single digit range for the overall company next year? And how do you think about growth in your DIY paint business next year?
Keith Allman: Well, there's no really returning to the growth algorithm, we haven't changed it. Our long-term growth algorithm is the same. It's 3% to 5% organic growth, 1% to 3% acquisition growth. We're committed to buyback in that range of 2% to 4% of our shares. And that puts us into that 10% EPS growth through cycles on average, plus the dividend yield of 1% to 2%. So 11% to 12% return on our name. So that hasn't changed. And we believe strongly in that. We believe that we will do that and execute that from the 2021 levels. And we'll do it in a way that we continue to expand our margins. And as we've talked before, we're not talking multiple hundreds of basis points of margins improvement, but we continue to have very solid drop down in both of our businesses, call it in that 25% to 30% range, and we don't see that changing. And we're going to continue to generate strong free cash flow and reinvest that in our business and return it to the shareholder in a very careful manner that drives shareholder value. So no real change in our algorithm and we expect growth to continue. What we're seeing in our product demand continues to be strong. And as I've talked about consistently and continued to believe and we're seeing it, the millennial entry into the home market moving out of the more congested cities into larger homes as families form, et cetera, is a real deal and thats a tailwind for us.
Phil Ng: Any color on the outlook for DIY next year?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Phil, I guess from my perspective, I think of it more of a -- as a low-single digit growth for DIY, because of the trends that Keith just cited. I do think that there's good fundamental underlying demand out there, driven by these trends. And so returning to that kind of pre-pandemic, which we were guiding, low-single digit growth for DIY is what we expect for next year.
Phil Ng: That's super helpful. And then any color on how your channel is performing? We've seen some data points out there that suggest retail might be seeing some normalization of trends after a pretty strong year, and perhaps a pickup in wholesale. Just curious what you're seeing out there in terms of the channels and what that means for Masco, appreciating you're very diversified?
Keith Allman: Well, that's probably a good question for our channel partners. But I'll tell you that in general, we're seeing strong demand across the board. Certainly, in plumbing, we maintain our leadership in the retail space, very strong position and strong growth in trade. International, we've seen broad pickup across our international businesses, particularly in our main markets in Central Europe and in China. So that's strong. So it's really broad-based in terms of demand drivers, channels, geographies.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Phil, maybe a little bit more color to Keiths comments. Id say, demands probably strong, growth spread has been a little bit stronger on our trade side of our business, partly because if you think about the second quarter last year, most of those outlets were closed. And so that growth here in the second quarter has been quite strong. So maybe just a little bit more color there for you.
Phil Ng: Okay. Super helpful, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities.
Deepa Raghavan: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I'll start out with a broad question. As things start to return to normalcy post COVID, especially in the last month and a half or so, any trends or any markets that surprised you to the positive, or perhaps under paced your expectations? We can start there.
Keith Allman: On the positive of our international growth is really solid and that was nice to see. And probably I would say even a little more robust than we expected. So that was -- broadly speaking, that was positive in terms of the overall.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay. Any trends that underpins your expectations?
John Sznewajs: I'd say, Deepa, theres a couple of things that continue to I think trended favorably for us. The demand response has been consistently strong over the course of the last several quarters, and that demand continued here into Q2. And so we've got a good look for the balance of the year of the business. And then even like we just mentioned, our North American trade plumbing business was extremely strong and e-commerce as well. Those trends continue to remain very strong for us. So we're very pleased with how the businesses are performing pretty much across the board here in the second quarter.
Keith Allman: In terms of the -- on the downside, I think it was a little lower than we had thought. There was some significant supply chain constrictions that we didn't anticipate. But our PRO paint was stronger than we expected. So when we look at -- say where we're going to finish '21 compared to '19 in paint, we're still up mid teens. So its healthy -- the demand is strong, but I would say DIY paint is a little lighter than I thought it would be.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. My follow up is on the price/cost equation. How much of the inflation that you're talking about in 2021 you are going to take into 2022 given the lag? Should we think about on price/cost heading into 2022 would turn positive, like early 2022 probably turns positive price/cost? Am I right in thinking that way? And how much -- is there a quantification of how much inflation you're carrying into 2022 if you snap the line here on inflation? Thanks.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Deepa, we probably won't go into that level of specificity that you're requesting on how much we carry into 2022. But to your general point, as we look going to '22, we see a little bit of tailwind because pricing costs have moderated. If they indeed just stay at the current levels, yes, that's definitely a possibility as we go into the first part of next year.
Keith Allman: I think the main point we'd like to make and leave with is price/cost neutrality at the end of the year. And by that, I mean that we will have actions in place for activity improvements, working with our suppliers to drive cost down, material substitutions and of course price. We will have that in place at the end of the year that matches the inflation that we're currently seeing. So to your point about snapping the line, at the end of the year well be price/cost neutral.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. That's pretty helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with Truist.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Within decorative architectural products, could you just comment on the performance of Kichler or Liberty Hardware, and just any kind of growth number you're seeing from them in the quarter and expectations for the second half?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Keith, both Liberty and Kichler grew in the second quarter. So this continuing trend will resume [ph]. As we laid out at our Investor Day in 2019, particularly for Kichler. We kind of identified 2020 is the year for it to return to growth and that's exactly what's going on in that business through the end of the second quarter. So we feel good about how Kichler and J [ph] are driving that business, and so we're pleased with that. As we look in the back half of the year, you may recall on our third quarter call last year, we did cite the fact that Liberty had a very, very strong quarter. And so they're going to be up against some tough comps as they go into the back half of the year. That said, the team down at Liberty is looking to continue to drive that business. And we're pushing them for growth. So we'll continue to see how that plays out. But we do know that they've got a very tough comp here in the third quarter coming up.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And the final question, I know we've talked about inflation a lot, but if you -- based on your expectations right now in '21, if we add up all the pricing you've got, all the raw material price that youre seeing, will price/cost in dollars in '21 be negative? I know the run rate, it sounds like it's going to be [indiscernible]. But what about for the full year?
Keith Allman: Keith, I would guide you to think that we will be negative, because as we've been saying, we think we will be price/cost neutral towards the end of the year. So, I think we've got a little bit of price/cost to absorb here in the back half of the year before we get to that neutral position. And so, because of that and because what we experienced in the second quarter, we will be price/cost negative for the full year.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Good morning, everyone. You mentioned the investment back into the product and into the marketing. I'm just wondering on DIY, as we head into a period of tougher compares, how are retailer expectations evolving, if at all, with regards to your level of promotional channel support? 
Keith Allman: Again, that's a decision that's made by our channel partner. And obviously, we support that and we develop that strategy together. But ultimately, it's their decision. I would say that our promotional activity is about the same and will finish out this year at about the same as it was last year. Generally speaking, our channel partner likes to compete on quality and service and brand, because we're leaders in all three of those categories. And I don't see that changing much. 
David MacGregor: Okay. And then second question just with respect to pricing, how much pricing should be achievable I guess through just new product introductions? It sounds like you've got a pretty substantial new product introduction calendar lined up here. Just wondering how much pricing you should be able to get from that, as opposed to the price increases on legacy products?
Keith Allman: It varies across category. And it really is, from a segment or from a channel, there's differences. But I think if you think about it in terms of general price increases across all of our categories for the year in the high-single digit range for the full year, I think that's where we will be. And then in terms of new products, it's really not so much a price increase. It's really pricing for value. And it depends on new products. Some of the new stuff that were coming out in the high end with AXOR that I talked about in my prepared remarks and in Brizo [indiscernible]. That is a very high price segment that has good margin with it. In other cases where we're launching in a leaner, maybe a lower price point segment, there wouldn't be as much, let's say, pricing, if you will. So it varies. But clearly, the lifeblood of our system here is innovation. And we continue to drive that as you heard from all of our new product introductions that we have in play at the moment, and that will continue.
David MacGregor: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I'm just curious on the PRO paint side. Maybe a little more qualitative, but is there a sense that that segment is back to normal levels, given the constraints of the pandemic last year and homeowners [indiscernible] letting contractors into their homes?
Keith Allman: Yes. It feels to us, Garik, like it's at normal levels and is continuing to grow. That's what we'd like to see out of that business. And so we feel like we're in really good position to continue the growth of that business, as we continue to invest in feet on the street, in relationships with contractors and getting more share of wall with the existing contractors. So we feel really good about how that growth is developing here.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thanks. And then just on the Watkins, just given the strength that we saw in the quarter. I know you had headwinds last year, given the production issues in Mexico and some of the regulations that the government was putting in place there due to COVID. Just any color if you're back to normal, it seems like you are, and just the capacity in Watkins and what the plan is there, just given the strength in the business?
Keith Allman: Yes, we're definitely starting to get back on our feet. And the production system is dialed in and we're continuing to increase our output. But boy, demand is strong. And our backlog continues to be at record levels. I think as we have the aging population in America and clearly a more tuned in population as it relates to overall wellness, both physical, emotional and mental health, this is a tool that really aced that. So we think there's some fundamental tailwinds here. And as we do across our entire business, we look at capacity and capacity expansion, and I would expect that we will be adding capacity here.
Garik Shmois: Thanks, again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten with Zelman.
Adam Baumgarten: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just curious on the paint side with raw materials. It wasn't a major callout this quarter. How impactful were higher raw materials in 2Q? And is the way to think about it that the back half is going to be where you feel the brunt of the increases?
Keith Allman: Yes. So there is a modest headwind in Q2, but the more impactful part of the price/cost relationship will be felt in the back half of the year, Adam, on that one. I think we're continuing to see escalation in costs, not only in the resin side but on TiO2 and packaging and transportation and logistics has been going up. So there's a lot of cost pressures that we're seeing there. But as we continue to say, we do think they will continue to have pricing conversations and we do believe we can exit the year at a price/cost neutral level.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it. Thanks. And then just sticking with paint, you gave last quarter in 1Q DIY was up in the teens. You kind of talked about double digit declines in 2Q. Can you give us what that looks like year-to-date, just so we can kind of forecast for the back half?
Keith Allman: Year-to-date, I don't know if I've got those numbers at my fingertips.
John Sznewajs: We're thinking about down low-single digits for the year.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard: In the decorative architectural segment, curious on the sell-in expectations in the back half of the year? I dont know if you could comment if you thought you'd make progress on inventory in the back half, but do you expect to ship in more? And is that -- how does that link between your ability and the demand from your retail customers to bring in more inventory?
Keith Allman: That's directly linked. It's the relationship between the retail demand and the POS and our production capabilities. And as we believe these challenges will get relieved over the course of the year, we'll be able to build inventory in the channel. Were going to benefit from the dynasty load in.
Eric Bosshard: So the net of that mean that you're -- you commented that the sell-in was less than the sell-through in the second quarter [indiscernible] for that to reverse in the back half of the year, or for you to make that up in the back half of the year or what should we expect in terms of the relationship between those two?
Keith Allman: Yes, thats right. We do expect to build inventory in the back half.
Eric Bosshard: Okay, thats helpful. And then secondly in terms of this sell-through momentum in paint for the back half of the year, is the expectation that it looks similar to the experience of 2Q or that it improves relative to 2Q? How should we think about that?
John Sznewajs: Yes, I think it would be similar to Q2, Eric, from what we're seeing right now in the market. Perhaps up a little bit, maybe even a little bit better in the second half.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Everscore ISI.
Stephen Kim: Yes. Thanks, guys. I just want to clarify one thing with respect to your comment about sell-through being a little bit better than sell-in. Typically, when you've got supply shortages and lack of inventory on the shelves, there's a sense that demand is materially better than what you were able to provide. But you actually said that you thought that demand had weakened in DIY more than you had thought. And so I was curious as to how you know that? How did you know the demand moderated if you didn't have actually enough product to sell? And so you actually feel like you could have sold more if you had more product. Just trying to reconcile those two. Was it that you had an inventory decline particularly severe in like your most popular categories, but then in some other SKUs you just simply undersold your expectations? Just trying to understand that a little bit better? And where you think the customers actually bought if they didn't buy your product? Because it seems like these are industry-wide supply chain challenges.
Keith Allman: Yes. There was a slight impact of lost sales due to lower inventories. But I don't think we were missing a ton of sales due to stock out conditions. So my point on the inventory sell-through mismatch is that there's an opportunity for us to build inventory and to have better service, but I'm not so sure. I wouldn't tag a whole lot of lost sales onto the inventory position. It's more of an inventory being lower than we want. Certainly, there was some of that, but not a whole lot.
Stephen Kim: Okay, that's clear. Thank you for that. And then secondly, Keith, you talked about how there's a lag historically to home price appreciation into R&R demand. But clearly, if there's any one particular metric in the housing market that has completely blown away any historical comp, it is the home price appreciation, the rapidity of it, the broadness of it and the magnitude that we've seen already. And I'm curious as to how you think the impact on R&R may be different as a result of this abruptness in magnitude? Do you think that it may manifest itself a little bit more quickly? Do you think it may manifest itself more at the high end or certain large ticket versus smaller ticket? Just wondering if you could give us some color on how you're thinking about that now?
Keith Allman: Well, I think a couple of things. For sure, when a family asset in their home is worth more, they're more likely to spend to remodel it. Now when you look at the effect of COVID and I think that while certainly there is some waning impacts that will go away, there are some impacts here that are staying. And that is really how we believe the consumer is viewing their home, that there will not be a 100% return to work. And the environment of the home is different. People are doing more things in their home, they're doing them differently, and they're spending more time in their home. So we think there's a couple lasting things here in that these are catalysts, and part of the reason why we're so robust and so happy with how we've positioned our portfolio with regards to our price point where we enjoy small projects, do it yourself, and we're clearly part of the large projects that are done by the professional. We're in markets in Europe that are falling off, and we're obviously well penetrated here in North America. So the home price appreciation is a very strong indicator of a robust DIY market, as is the changing view of the consumer as it relates to the purpose of their home.
Stephen Kim: Great. I appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut: Hi. Thanks. I appreciate you squeezing me in. Clearly an interesting quarter. I was curious, a lot of focus on the paint side. I was hoping to get a little bit more breakout of the North American plumbing business, if you could talk to -- and I apologize if I missed this earlier in the call, talk to the trends that you've seen in retail, maybe things closer to the DIY spectrum versus wholesale channels, and how the trends have progressed there, maybe comparing it to obviously the DIY and PRO in paint?
Keith Allman: Well, real strong trade business for us this past quarter and we expect that to continue. People are more comfortable with pros coming into their home for longer time. So we're in the throes of the pandemic. Maybe you'd let an appliance repair person in for a quick repair. But you certainly wouldn't want someone in for a major remodel. That's changing. And that principally, not totally, but principally flows through our trade channels. So we're seeing a nice pickup in the trade channel. Having said that, the dynamic -- more and more pros buying in retail is very real. Certainly seen good foot traffic in retail and our e-commerce business continues to do very well. And our acquisition, as John spoke about of Kraus is really going well. We've continued to invest in that. For example, we just launched Delta branded sinks online, utilizing the Kraus' offering with the Delta brand. That's real leverage. And that's going well. So as I said in my prepared remarks, we are seeing broad-based solid market demand in growth; international, domestic, trade, retail, e-commerce. We're really hitting on all cylinders.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. I appreciate that. Maybe just for the second question to take a step back, I was hoping maybe you could just give us a sense of the e-commerce as possibly as a percent of revenue across your two different segments. Obviously, it lends itself a lot more to the plumbing side, decorative and in particular, paint, a heavier product, maybe more difficult to ship. But maybe just give us a state of where you are in both segments, and where you think you might be able to take the business over the next two or three years.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Michael, it's John. And youre right. E-commerce has been a good growth vehicle for us over the course of last several years. And actually it's grown quite significantly. So if you think about 2019, our e-commerce sales as a percent of our total sales were roughly 5%. And in 2020, that grew nicely. We finished 2020 at about 9%. And if you break that down by segment, our plumbing product sales were roughly 12% on e-commerce platform or channel. And as you might expect, and you kind of alluded to in your question, a little bit lower than that in the decorative architectural segment, about 4%, because of all the things you cited. Color selections a challenge for people still to order paint online, though we do have I would say -- the Behr team has done a nice job of investing in shipping and distribution and fulfillment. And so that's not going to be a limiter to our ability to transact online. It's more of the consumer choosing to select the color online than anything else. And as we look forward, we think -- we're well positioned to continue to grow our e-commerce presence, because if you consider selling products, they're packaged perfectly to ship onesie-twosie [ph] to consumers as they order their faucets or showerheads online. And so we think we're in a great position to do that. The folks down at Delta have done a great job of adding the capability to Jackson distribution center to fulfill online. So we feel really good about how we were set to serve plumbing growth going forward. And to the extent that the paint continues to become more sought online, we're well positioned to continue to fulfill there as well. So we really like how we're set up as this trend continues to grow here in North America.
Michael Rehaut: Great. Thank you.
David Chaika: Id like to thank all of you for joining us on the call today and for your continued interest in Masco. This concludes today's call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. My name is Michelle, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for playback purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2021 first quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our first earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question, one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at (313) 792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties and our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy. While we are well over a year into this pandemic, the effects are still being felt. We are encouraged by the rollout of vaccines, but many areas around the globe continue to experience a surge in cases. The safety of our employees remains our number one priority, and I would like to thank all our employees for keeping each other safe and for serving our customers. Through the efforts of our employees and the robust demand we continue to experience for our products, we delivered another outstanding quarter. Please turn to Slide 5. We had a strong start to 2021, and our ability to effectively navigate this highly dynamic environment resulted in exceptional top and bottom line growth. For the quarter, sales increased 25%, excluding acquisitions and currency sales increased 19%. Operating profit increased 61% to $366 million principally due to strong volume leverage and reduced spending in the form of lower travel, entertainment and marketing expenses across our segments. Earnings per share increased an outstanding 89%. Turning to our Plumbing segment, sales grew 27% excluding currency driven by strong volume growth at Hansgrohe, Delta and Watkins. Our two recent plumbing acquisitions performed well in the quarter and contributed 5% to plumbing's growth. North American plumbing grew 28% led by our wellness business, which continued to experience strong demand and begin to comp their March shutdown of 2020. Delta faucet delivered another quarter of double-digit growth with strength across all channels, particularly e-commerce which showed exceptional strength as consumers continue to shift their buying patterns to online. International plumbing grew 37% in the quarter as many of our markets return to strong growth with particular strength in Central Europe and China. In our Decorative Architectural segment sales grew 15% against a healthy 9% comp from Q1 of 2020  acquisitions contributed 2% to our decorative growth. Our lighting bath and cabinet hardware and paint businesses each posted double-digit growth during the quarter. DIY paint grew high teens in the quarter, which is impressive considering it was facing a strong double-digit comp in Q1 of 2020. While propane was down low single digits for the quarter, as it faced a tough comp in Q1 of 2020, we did see a return to positive growth in the back half of the quarter and we're encouraged by the momentum we are now seeing in this business as we move into Q2. Lastly, we actively continued our share repurchases during the quarter by repurchasing 5.5 million shares for $303 million. We anticipate deploying approximately $800 million towards share repurchases or acquisitions for the full year as we guided on our fourth quarter call. In addition, we anticipate receiving approximately $160 million for our preferred stock in cabinet works resulting from their recently announced transaction assuming it closes as expected. We intend to deploy these funds towards share repurchases or acquisitions, which would be in addition to the $800 million that I just mentioned. Now let me discuss two issues that are top of mind right now, inflation and supply chain tightness. We have seen significant inflation in raw materials, namely copper, zinc and resin used in both our paint and plumbing businesses as well as increases in freight costs. All in we expect our raw material and freight costs to be up in the mid single-digit range for the full year for both our plumbing and decorative segments with inflation likely reaching high single-digit levels in both segments in the third and fourth quarters. To mitigate these impacts, we have secured price increases across both statements to begin offsetting these costs. We have further actions planned including additional price increases and productivity improvements while continuing to work with our customers and suppliers to offset these rising costs. Timing again, we have demonstrated that our strong brands, innovation pipelines and channel relationships gives us the ability to offset rising costs. We expect to continue this track record and achieve price cost neutrality by year end and we are maintaining our full year margin expectations in both segments that we provided on our fourth quarter call. With respect to supply chain tightness, in addition to the strain caused by robust demand, we have been impacted by significant disruption in the supply of resins and  products in both our plumbing and paint businesses due to the severe weather that Texas experienced in February. Additionally, ocean container availability and timeliness continues to be constraint. This has temporarily reduced output of certain spot products during the month of April and limited our ability to build inventory of certain architectural coatings and other products. However, the availability of resins is improving and our teams have done an outstanding job utilizing Masco size, scale and agility to countermeasure these issues by working with our key suppliers to increase availability of certain materials by leveraging our purchasing power to increase container availability for our products and by working around the clock to adjust production to meet the needs of our customers. This once again shows the competitive advantage that comes from being part of Masco's portfolio. With our stronger performance, the actions we have taken and will take to offset persistent inflation, the interest savings from our recent bond transaction and the continued strong demand for our products and innovative  products and brands, we are increasing our full year expectations of earnings per share to be in the range of $3.50 to $3.70 per share. This is up from our previous expectations of $3.25 to $3.45. With that, I'll now turn it over to John for additional detail on our first quarter results. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning to Slide 7, we delivered a very strong start to the year as first quarter sales increased 25%. Currency increased sales by 2% in the quarter and the three recently completed acquisitions contributed an additional 4% to growth. In local currency, North American sales increased 21% or 17% excluding acquisitions. This outstanding performance was driven by strong volume growth in North American faucets, showers and spas, as well as DIY paint. In local currency, international sales increased 27% or 23% excluding acquisitions. Gross margin was 35.6% in the quarter, up 80 basis points as we leveraged the increased volume. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales improved 340 basis points, the 17% in the quarter. This was primarily due to operating leverage, decreases in certain costs such as travel and entertainment and trade shows and the deferral certain marketing and other spend. We expect SG&A as a percent of sales to increase throughout the year to a more normalized 18%; a certain costs come back along with additional investments in our brands, service and innovation to fuel future growth. We delivered outstanding first quarter operating profit of $366 million, up $138 million or 61% from last year with operating margins expanding 420 basis points to 18.6%. Our EPS was $0.89 in the quarter and increased 89% compared to the first quarter of 2020. Turning to Slide 8, Plumbing grew 31% in the quarter. Currency contributed 4% to this growth and acquisitions contributed another 5%. North American sales increased 27% in local currency or 22% excluding acquisitions. This was led by DELTA's double-digit growth in the quarter, and they continue to drive strong consumer demand across all their product categories and channels. Walkins, our wellness business was also a significant contributor to growth in the quarter is both demand in our backlog remains strong. Walkins performance also benefited from a softer comp in the first quarter of last year. And as government mandated COVID lockdowns resulted in two of their manufacturing plants being temporarily shut in 2020. International plumbing sales increased 27% in local currency or 23% excluding acquisitions. HANSGROHE delivered year-over-year increases across most of their markets with continued double-digit growth in both Germany and China. Demand remain strong in Central Europe despite continued COVID restrictions, we are starting to see improvement in the UK. Operating profit was $253 million in the quarter, up $94 million or 59% with operating margins expanding 370 basis points to 28.3%. This performance was driven by incremental volume, cost productivity initiatives and lower spend on items such as travel and entertainment, trade shows and marketing. This favorability was partially offset by an unfavorable price cost relationship. We expect raw material inflation in this segment to peak in the third quarter. During the quarter, we entered into an agreement to divest our HUPPE business, a small shower enclosure business based in Germany, as we determined it did not align with our strategic direction. HUPPE's sales were approximately EUR 70 million in 2020. Net proceeds will not be material. Given our first quarter results in the current demand trends we now expect plumbing segment sales growth for 2021 to be in the 15% to 18% range with 10% to 13% organic growth, another 3% net growth from the recent acquisitions and then the divestiture of HUPPE. And given current exchange rates, we anticipate foreign currency to favorably benefit plumbing revenue by approximately 2% or $70 million. We continued to anticipate full year margins will be approximately 18%. Turning to Slide 9. Decorative Architectural grew 15% for the first quarter, a 13% excluding acquisitions. This exceptional performance was driven by low-teens growth in our paint business. Our DIY paint business grew high-teens against a strong double-digit comp in the first quarter of 2020. A pro-business also faced strong cap and declined low-single-digits in the quarter. Despite this decline in our pro paint business, delivered positive year-over-year pro growth in the back half of the first quarter and anticipate high-single-digit growth for the pro paint business for the full year as consumers continue to become more comfortable with paint contractors in their homes. Our builders, hardware and lighting businesses each delivering double-digit growth as their new products and programs capitalized on increased consumer demand. Operating profit in the quarter was $142 million, up $46 million or 48%. This outstanding performance was driven by incremental volume, cost productivity initiatives and lower spend partially offset by an unfavorable price costs relationship. For 2021, we are raising our outlook and now expect architectural segment sales growth will be in the range of 4% to 9% with 3% to 7% organic growth and another 1.5% from acquisitions. We continue to expect segment operating margins of approximately 19%. Turning to Slide 10. Our balance sheet remains strong with net debt-to-EBITDA at 1.3 times. And we ended the quarter with approximately $1.8 billion of balance sheet liquidity, which includes full availability of our $1 billion revolver. Working capital as a percent of sales, including our recent acquisitions was 17.5%. During the first quarter, we continue to focus on shareholder value creation by deploying approximately $103 million to repurchase 5.5 million shares. In mid-February, we completed a significant bond refinancing. In this transaction we called our 2022, our 2025 and our 2026 debt maturities, which aggregated $1.3 billion refinance these the combination of new seven-year, 10-year and 30-year notes totaling $1.5 billion. This refinancing accomplish two things. First, it lowered our interest expense, and secondly, extended the duration of our maturities. From an interest perspective the net effect is at $35 million annualized interest savings. Due to the timing of this transaction interest expense will be approximately $110 million compared to our previous guidance of $135 million for 2021. It'll be approximately $100 million in 2022. From a maturity perspective this transaction also means we have taken out all our near-term maturities and our next debt maturity is not until 2027. And two reminders for everyone; first, we will be terminating and annuitizing our U.S. defined benefit plans in the second quarter. And we all have an approximate, $140 million final cash contribution to these plans to complete this activity. And second, our board previously announced its intention to increase our annual dividend by 68% to $0.94 per share, starting in the second quarter of 2021. This will increase our targeted dividend payout ratio from 20% to 30%. We have summarized our updated expectations for 2021 on Slide 13 in the earning deck. Based on Q1 performance and current robust demand for our products, now anticipate overall sales growth of 10% to 14% up from 7% to 11% with operating margins of approximately 17%. Lastly, as Keith mentioned earlier our updated 2021 EPS estimate of $3.50 to $3.70 represents 15% EPS growth at the midpoint of the range. This assumes a 254 million average diluted share count for the year. Additional modeling assumptions for 2021 can be found on Slide 14 of earnings deck. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. Our markets remain strong and housing fundamentals are supportive of continued long-term growth. Year-over-year home price appreciation increased to over 17% in March and existing home sales were up over 12%. Both of these metrics have a strong correlation with our sales on a lag basis. Furthermore, the U.S. consumer is healthy with estimated built-up savings of nearly $2 trillion even before the new stimulus money, and consumers continue to invest in their homes. We believe these factors along with the increased demand from the large millennial demographic will lead to continued growth in the repair and remodel markets. With our market leading brands, history of innovation and strong management teams we are well-positioned to capitalize on these growth drivers, serve our customers and deliver value to the shareholders. With that I'll now open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: Okay. [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Matthew Bouley from Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew Bouley: Good morning. Congrats on the results. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to start out on the full year margin guide, which is unchanged at 17%. Would you say that I guess Q1 margins, did they come in better than planned or was it in line? I'm trying to understand if you tempered expectations for the balance of the year reflecting all that cost inflation you mentioned. I heard you say peak cost headwind I guess for plumbing in Q3 specifically. Again I'm just trying to understand how the cadence of 2Q to 4Q may have changed versus your prior expectations. Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Matthew, very good morning. It's John. I think there are a couple of things that we experienced through the year. So as you expect the first quarter probably came in a little bit better than we initially expected. But as we look out to the back half of the year and think about margins, I guide you to think about two things. One, I do think because we raised our top line guidance, we now are anticipating a little bit better volume than we anticipated. At the same time, what we are seeing is a little bit more inflation. And so what  I think the two kind of offset each other. And that's what's causing us to maintain our margin guidance at 17% as we called out on our Q4 call.
Matthew Bouley: Okay, thank you for that John. And second one on the lifting, to your point, the organic growth guidance for the year, I guess it was a similar question with how much of that is driven by Q1 itself. But more broadly, you guys have talked about North American R&R, for example, up low single digits this year. You talked about tougher comps in the second half. And my question is, as we do get further into the year, late April now, is it becoming clear that the backlog of home improvement activity and what consumers are doing may not exactly shift overnight? And maybe that tough comps in the second half you guys had previously spoken to might have a little bit better outlook? Just a similar kind of question there on the organic side. Thank you.
Keith Allman: Matthew, there is a couple of things going on. One is the real strong  continued strong demand that we've seen in Q1. So the Q1 demand is certainly a factor. When we look at how we exited the quarter and how things are starting this quarter, we continue to see strong demand, a little bit more than what we had initially planned. So nothing is going to move those tough comps in the back half. They're still there, and we have to face them. But when we look at how demand is shaping up both in the quarter and then what we expect going forward and the fundamentals, that really was the rationale for us lifting our guide on the revenue side.
Operator: And your next question will come from Stephen Kim from Everscore. Your line is open.
Stephen Kim: Yes, thanks very much guys. Strong results. Just following up on Matt's question about the margins. I just want to throw in that you also had the refinancing of the debt, probably adds about $0.09 for the full year. I just wanted to get an idea whether that had previously been contemplated in your guide? And then if I heard your answer, John, it sounds like it's higher inputs, which is totally understandable. But you had said, I think, that you're expecting neutrality on input costs by year-end, which I think is pretty much what you thought before. So just to get a sense for the arc of margins through the quarter relative to your previous expectations, are we looking at kind of maybe lower margins in 2Q and 3Q than you had previously thought but then higher in 4Q as you get the neutrality back? And then, of course, you did better in 1Q as well. Is that the kind of the way we should be thinking about the trajectory of margins relative to your previous expectation?
John Sznewajs: Yes, so a couple of questions there, Steve. Let me try to address those. So first of all, with respect to the interest savings, I think for this year, given the timing of that transaction, it's probably about a $0.05, $0.06 benefit in 2021. Now that said, you may have heard in Keith's remarks, we talked about receiving some proceeds from the sale of cabinet works. That also then contemplates  we need to update our guidance to reflect the fact that we will not be getting interest income from that investment. So I think the net benefit there is, call it, $0.02, $0.03. So  well, I just want to make sure we're clear on that. So as you think about our rate, it's both the first quarter B+, the net impact of interest for the year. Now with respect to your second part of your question about price/cost neutrality, yes, you're correct. What we're committing to is exiting the year at being price/cost neutral. In terms of how that actually plays out through the course of the year, we're having pricing conversations with our customers. And so can't really give you a good clear signal as to when those are all going to flow through and hit the P&L. So I don't want to  I'm not going to give  we're not going to give clear guidance on Q2, Q3 or Q4, exactly how that flows through because those conversations are fluid.
Stephen Kim: Great, that's very helpful. Thanks, John. Second question just relates to the massive beat in plumbing sales. It sounds like it was very broad-based. It certainly came as a welcome surprise to us. And it sounds like it kind of came as a bit of a surprise to you. I just want to make sure that that's correct. Does that mean that things really intensified in February and March? And if you could just provide a little bit of color as you sort of look at it. It sounds like strength is continuing here in April. Exactly what would you attribute that to? Because I'm inclined to think that it's probably going to persist. So if you could just provide a little bit more context around that that would be great.
Keith Allman: Yes, good morning, Stephen. This is Keith. We are seeing demand stronger than we expected in the quarter. And we're also feeling better about the back half of the year. And when you look across the Plumbing segment, we have strong North American growth, as we talked about, and that really is across all channels. We continue to do very well in retail. Obviously, the DIY component is strong. Our trade plumbing business continues to be strong, and we believe we're maintaining our leadership and growing quite nicely in e-commerce, so strong across the board growth in North America. And then we're seeing a nice recovery in Europe, as we talked about, particularly in Central Europe. The U.K. is starting to get better, and China is really performing nicely. So it's been very broad-based, and it gives us confidence both now as we look at what we're seeing coming into the quarter, but also into the second half.
Operator: And your next question will come from John Lovallo from Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: Good morning guys and thank you for taking my questions. And the first one is, I think that you had previously outlined about $40 million of delayed investments that kind of accumulated during COVID. I'm curious, what is sort of the cadence that you're expecting of the spend coming back in? And if, in fact, this is contemplated in that 18% SG&A that you're expecting through the remainder of the year?
John Sznewajs: Yes, John, that $40 million is still contemplated and it's probably more back half loaded. And again, it's all going to depend  the rate of that investment will depend on what we're seeing out in the market. If all of a sudden the market start to contract, we'll be  we'll temper that investment to ensure that it aligns with the growth that we're  that we expect to see.
John Lovallo: Understood, okay. And then maybe just on the raw mats freight headwind. I think you guys talked about mid-single-digit range for the full year and high single digits in 3Q and 4Q. Can you just help kind of parse out the difference between the freight inflation versus the actual raw mat inflation?
John Sznewajs: So
Keith Allman: Maybe I will start John and you can get into some of the specifics. In terms of  while we don't normally see this kind of significant commodity changes occurring this quickly, we certainly are no strangers to commodity changes. And this is really part of our business of our business. And we've consistently communicated, John, and more importantly, I think, demonstrated our ability to reach price/cost neutrality through cycles. And this is included garden-variety sort of changes in costs related to the relationship between supply and demand. It's included force majeure kind of spikes in cost and as well as tariffs, which was quite a spike that we were able to cover. So our price/cost neutrality capability is really underpinned by this consistent investment that we've had in our brands and innovation and customer programs and the like, as well as our well-developed ability to drive total cost productivity and to ultimately deliver value to our customers and consumers that they recognize. So we're going to continue with this commitment, and we will reach price/cost neutrality as we exit this year. Now in terms of specifics, John, maybe you want to hit a little bit on some of the commodities and the relative spikes that we're seeing?
John Sznewajs: Yes, sure. So John, as you referenced, we're seeing both inflation in our raw material baskets, really across the enterprise as well as transportation and logistics. And if you think about this  how we're being impacted, obviously, copper, zinc and the resins that go into paint and packaging have been up pretty significantly. As you  to get to your question specifically, as you break apart the impacts on the financial statements from either raw materials or transportation and logistics, the vast majority of impact comes from the raw material basket. If you think about distribution and logistics, it's a relatively small part of our overall cost structure. That said  and I guess I can repeat your statement. We do continue to expect inflation to be up kind of mid-single digits for the full year in both segments and up high single digits in the second half of the year. And as Keith alluded to, we've secured price increases across our product categories. We do have plans for further price increases to offset the persistent inflation that we've been experiencing. That said, we're not going to shy away. We're going to continue to implement cost productivity improvements across the enterprise as well and then work with both our customers and suppliers to continue to try to offset this inflation. So as we said earlier in response to Stephen's question, we do expect to be price/cost neutral as we exit 2021.
John Lovallo: Okay, thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question will come from Michael Rehaut from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to make sure we're thinking about the  and I'm sorry to beat a dead horse here, but I think it's top of mind with investors. And just trying to appreciate the timing differences around price/cost and make sure we're thinking about it right. Are you basically saying  because earlier, you said, okay, the higher volume  from the margin side, you have higher volumes that are offset by higher inflation? Are we to take that as kind of net inflation, net of your incrementally expected cost increase  I'm sorry, price increases? In other words, it seems like in a perfect world, if you had higher inflation, but you're putting through price increases to offset that, that should be a wash. So are we going to take this that there's this continued lag in price/cost that you're still  maybe chasing is the wrong word? And then potentially, to the extent that you get a fuller benefit of the price increases in 2022, that in and of itself, to the extent that the inflation backdrop remains stable, that could actually turn into an incremental tailwind as you fully catch up to the inflation? Is that a right way to think about it?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, I think you're thinking about it the right way.
Michael Rehaut: All right, perfect. And then just more on the overall top line environment. If you could kind of go into a little bit around point-of-sale and inventory levels, what we've heard so far is that from competitors or just broadly in the industry that the demand backdrop has been so robust or continue to be so robust that inventory levels have remained constrained. Has that been the case for your businesses in the first quarter that you haven't been able to necessarily restock at any point? And is this something that you would expect to perhaps happen in the coming quarters to the extent that you're able to increase  continue to increase production?
Keith Allman: Yes, Michael, the POS is strong. And as I mentioned, it's strong through the quarter and exiting the quarter, and we feel really good about the POS. And that's across really, most, if not all of our categories. With regards to the inventory position, the supply chain has been tight. There's no question about it. We've had disruptions. And hats off, frankly, to our operation team and teams really across the world to be able to leverage our strengths and also our relationships to be  and to work around the clock to move production around and to match production to specific demand and those sorts of things. So they've done a phenomenal job. Having said that, we're still working through some tightness. And I would say, probably and think about it from a Q3 sort of perspective that we will catch up and then start to replenish the inventories because our inventories in the channel aren't where we'd like them to be. So yes, I think upside to some inventory fill in the back half is the right way to think about it.
Michael Rehaut: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Ken Zener from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Ken Zener: Good morning everybody.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Ken.
John Sznewajs: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zener: Wonder if we could talk about demand a little bit in the plumbing business relative to what you're seeing at retail versus the wholesale versus the new construction. If you could kind of parse that out, trying to think about DIY plumbing as opposed to  and this is for the U.S. please. Trying to think about DIY plumbing and price points as opposed to the pro, which I think will benefit more as people are able professionals  able to get in the house and do larger renovation projects?
Keith Allman: When you think about teasing out the market in terms of DIY and pro of our two segments, that's hardest to do in plumbing because of the nature of the channels and the fact that plumbing wholesale does have some DIY component to it, and that we just  it's not possible to get that kind of accurate data in terms of that. But we do know that we have a strong mix of DIY  excuse me, of, call it, retail and wholesale in plumbing. Over half of our business is in wholesale, and wholesale certainly skews more towards the pro than DIY. So we feel real good about the mix of that business, in terms of being there to catch improvements in demand, be it on the pro side or on the DIY side. We all know about the strength of DIY. And we expect the pro to start to come back as people are more comfortable having pros in their homes as vaccinations roll out. Specifically to your question of demand, it really has been broad-based across all channels. Real good strength in e-commerce and continued strength in both plumbing wholesale as well as the retail, where we lead in terms of share of shelf position. So that's been really good for us. And international is a nice story. International, we talked about the strong growth rate there, our position in Central Europe. China is doing very well, understanding that there was a relatively easy comp there. But all in, it's been pretty broad-based, and that all feeds into why we've raised our confidence level in our guide.
Ken Zener: Right. Yes, it's nice and it's  to me, you guys mentioned home prices, which is really homeowners equity. It seems as though your sales are tracking with a very high rate of appreciation of homes.
Keith Allman: Real strong correlation between home price and existing home sales, no question about it.
Ken Zener: Right. And it seems to me that  could you maybe give us a little context, Keith, for  demand is high because prices are up. Assuming your guidance holds, which is that you'll be cost-neutral by the end of the year, it certainly seems as some of these input costs related to the Texas storm might be abating next year. Yet prices are high, and we all know there's a lag on demand from prices. What happens usually when this type of context sets out because it seems like it could be bullish for you  I'm not asking for FY 2022. But if you're able to pass-through the cost, do you usually give back costs? Otherwise, it seems the higher volume growth perhaps lead to a margin adjustment as we look down the road higher.
Keith Allman: Yes, when you look longer-term through cycles of commodity increases and commodity decreases  and it varies depending on the nature of the cost. And we have inventory that needs to flow through before we get any sort of price change up or down to hit the P&L. But fundamentally, we've maintained and demonstrated neutrality as it relates to those fluctuations in raw material cost inputs and that neutrality comes from real solid total cost productivity improvements. It comes from us really watching our spend very closely. And of course, price is part of that. Now, in terms of the impact of how this could play out, in future quarters or into next year, it's a real volatile environment. What we're focused on is delivering on what we say we're going to deliver on and ensuring that we continue to drive on the exit of next year or this year rather to price cost neutrality and that's what we're committing to.
Ken Zener: Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Ken, one thing I would point out is, given our international business, I'd say, over time, that we're probably slightly price favorable in plumbing, just because HANSGROHE does a good job of going out annually with price increases.
Ken Zener: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Keith Hughes from Truist. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Question is on propane. I know it was weak in the quarter. If you could talk about what you think was going on and what's caused something in the quarter acceleration? And then any kind of April view on that would be helpful as well?
John Sznewajs: Yes. So Keith, sorry about that, it's John. So yes, you're right propane was a little bit weak in the first part of the quarter. We did talk about the difficult comp we had faced  the fact that we saw some positive growth in the back half of the quarter  I'm getting a little feedback. So we do believe there there's a pent-up demand, and the fact that people are getting more comfortable with pro contracts, we do think there was probably a little bit of a weather impact as well in the quarter. As the storm moved through Texas and much of the country in mid-February, and so as soon as we saw that passed, we started to see better growth in that business. And so as we look at to the full, the back half of the year, we do continue to believe that we should see high single digit growth as consumers are really getting more and more comfortable having these contractors coming to home and do larger paint jobs.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you. And then final question. We talked a lot about cost. If we look at price/cost, you're talking about your cost peaking in the third quarter. If we look at price/cost, when do you think that negative will peak as you head towards parity in the years, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter? Any view would help.
Keith Allman: My guests, Keith, and again, it all depends on some of the pricing conversations that we have, probably peaks in the third quarter, and we'll continue to update it that on our subsequent calls.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from Phil Ng from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Phil Ng: Hey, good morning everyone. Congrats on a very strong quarter. Given the supply chain dynamics you called out, great to say that it really didn't impact you much at all from a revenue perspective in 1Q. But, will that have more of an impact in the second quarter as you kind of worked down, so that inventory you have, I'm particularly curious on any of your exposure where you're importing products from Asia and any of that impact that you may be seeing on shortages from resin?
Keith Allman: Putting comps aside and just talking about output and disruptions in terms of what we expect, we think it's getting better. It really feels like it's getting better. We're not through it all yet in terms of the hard work that we need to do in terms of matching inventory to demand matching production, to demand and those sorts of things. Still a little bit of tightness and timeliness and containers as we talked about, but it's getting better.
Phil Ng: Okay. That's great. And then from a pricing standpoint, we all have an appreciation with the pricing power you have in your core plumbing and paint business. But curious if you're seeing price traction for your Kichler product and if your competitors have matched, just because in 2018, there was a little more challenge in that front. And do you anticipate price/cost neutrality as well as you kind of exit 2021 in Kichler?
Keith Allman: Yes. Yes, we're driving that and that's something that we believe in across the board of Masco. Yes, that would be true with Kichler as well. Kichler is doing well. The team is  we committed to working that business and positioning it to return to growth to 2021. We're ahead of that plan, the team's doing well. We're seeing good continued solid demand. Our new products are doing well, and the structural cost alignments that we've talked about in past calls are bearing fruit and the team is doing a nice job.
Phil Ng: Okay. Super that's really helpful.
Operator: And your next question will come from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning. My first question is, you highlighted the strength that you saw in your e-commerce channels in plumbing in the quarter. Can you give us a little more color on what exactly you're seeing there? And how you're positioned there? And anything that you're taking to kind of increase your exposure to that channel and kind of drive those sales going forward?
Keith Allman: Sure. We expect to continue to grow, obviously, as consumers become more and more comfortable with online purchases in our space. And we also continue to expect rather to continue to gain share. We believe that we're the leader in plumbing in the e-com market. And we've worked on a number of things to build and maintain that leadership, Susan. Product offering, obviously, is one. We have put our best and brightest talent on this. We are working very hard across our business unit to leverage learnings quickly, to leverage platform like product data management and IT space, to leverage the sharing of ratings and reviews to really understand what it takes to be on that first page and to get that second and third click. We're working hard to understand how to drive digital content and 360-degree spends. We're doing a ton of stuff there. And also, we're investing capital. We made an acquisition of one of the leading digitally-native brands in Kraus. And Kraus is a company that makes, I would say, more modern design sinks and faucets and the like. And we're learning a lot from them, and we're helping them be all they can be as well. So a combination of capital deployment, talent, products, IT, leverage, et cetera. This is important for us, and it's paying off. And we've been working at this hard now for five years.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thats helpful color. My next question is, when we think about the business, you're obviously operating at margins that are ahead of those targets that you gave us at the Investor Day. Can you talk to just the longer-term sustainability of some of these trends that you're seeing? And how you think about the longer-term margin potential of the business?
Keith Allman: Yes. We're really not changing our margin outlook for the long term. There's a lot of variability in these dynamic times. We think that our normal SG&A spend of around 18% to 19% is where this business should be for maximizing value creation and continuing to invest in growth and our brands, et cetera. So no change to our margin outlook at this point. But certainly, we have demonstrated and will continue to demonstrate solid drop down on our incremental volume.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Susan, and I would remind you that, that our  the information that we gave out in our 2019 Investor Day had a lot of very different assumptions related to it. It was a very different environment. We assumed much lower growth for the period. So it was  I would not consider those as our current guide for the long-term of the business.
Keith Allman: I'm sorry if I missed that, too. I was talking about our margin guide this year.
John Sznewajs: Yes. We  I think the way we think about it now, Susan, again, we articulated this on our Q4 call is that, continue to challenge our businesses to grow above market and continue to have our businesses expand margin every year. And again, it's not hundreds of basis points of margin expansion, but rather tens of basis points of margin expansion.
Susan Maklari: Yes. Okay. John, thank you. Thats helpful. Good luck.
Operator: And your next question will come from Truman Patterson from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Truman Patterson: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking my questions. First, I just wanted to dig in on the Decorative Architectural side, especially the DIY demand. Could you give an April update? Are you seeing any deceleration or pretty much in line with what you'd expect seasonally? And if I'm kind of parsing out the guidance, it looks like you all are expecting DIY to be down the remainder of the year. But the commentary on the call so far has been  I'll just put it pretty optimistic, just trying to understand some of the moving parts there and whether or not there is maybe a little bit of conservatism built in?
Keith Allman: Well, the DIY demand continues to be strong. Obviously, we've got tough comps coming up in the back half of the year. But in terms of the demand, the actual demand that we're seeing, it continues to be strong. There's no question about it. Certainly, the pandemic has increased the interest in people's homes. And we don't view the vaccine of the rollout as being necessarily a switch that is flipped as it relates from the work from home  relates to the work-from-home environment or the amount of time that people are spending in their homes. And clearly, the millennial demographic and cohort has shown interest as we look at first time DIYers, and we look at that cohort, and we expect that to continue. So yes, we have some tough comps coming up; no question about it, but the demand remains strong.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Okay. Thanks for that. And then also in the spa business, I believe you all said it was growing double digits, so nice improvement there. But could you just discuss how the backlog  the order backlog is looking? And you all have mentioned supply chain constraints throughout Mexico. Could you just give us a time line when you somewhat expect that to be operating close or at full capacity?
Keith Allman: Yes. We're getting better, and we were starting to approach that capacity  that full capacity, if you will, as we were bringing in our Mexican labor force to a greater degree and getting more output from that. But then we had these issues around resin, and there's tightness there. And we've missed some production on some selected units that require certain type of blended resins. But the demand there continues to be extremely robust, and we have a very solid backlog. That has not changed. And as we get through this short-term blip here from the polar vortex in Texas and the resin tightness, this business will start to quickly approach stated production.
Truman Patterson: Alright. Thank you all and good luck on that quarter.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Steven Ramsey from Thompson Research. Your line is open.
Steven Ramsey: Hi. Good morning. One quick follow-up on the spa business. In the full year guide, do you have spas operating at full production and generating full margins for the year?
Keith Allman: We're expecting strong double-digit growth for Watkins in 2021.
Steven Ramsey: Okay. Great. And then thinking about price/cost and getting to neutral. I guess, are surcharges a part of that? Is that being contemplated for pricing such as resins? And then for price/cost by product, do you expect to be price/cost neutral on all products?
Keith Allman: So we have a number of levers that we can and do pull to drive cost improvements and price/cost neutrality. We've used surcharges in the past, and we're certainly contemplating in using some of those here as we sit today. In terms of saying that every product will be price/cost neutral, there's just such variability in cost inputs, depending on the type of specific product, and I won't say that. But when you look across our business, we will exit this year in price/cost neutrality.
Steven Ramsey: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: And your question will come from Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard: Good morning.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Bosshard: Two things. First of all, can you give us a little bit more insight? The deferred marketing spend, I think, $40 million you've talked about. What is that made up of? And also curious, related to that or maybe a part of that is promotional investment on your part. And what you're seeing go on this year? What you're doing across your business, so the retailers are asking for in regards to promotional activity?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Eric. So it's a big basket of things that go into marketing. So things like trade shows that we obviously would have been pulled back and some of them are now beginning to come back online as people get back and some of it is advertising. Some of it is personnel. Some of it is investment in e-commerce that Keith referenced in response to an earlier question. So there's a variety of things that go into. And there's also some growth initiatives. To your point, there's some promotional activity that goes into that bucket as well. So it's a big basket of things that go across the entire segment.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. And then just a follow-up. Your clarity on the propane path from here was helpful. On DIY, I appreciate that the business is continuing to be very strong, and  which is great to hear. But in terms of the growth of the DIY business, now that you're running against these tough comparisons, what should we be expecting in terms of the growth out of that business as we move forward?
Keith Allman: I'll probably think of it in that flattish range to the last year for the year  for the year.
Eric Bosshard: Thank you.
Operator: And your final question for the day will be Mike Dahl, RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mike Dahl: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. One more question on price productivity. I appreciate the sensitivity around the pricing side, but anything around just qualitatively at a high level when you think about covering the cost. How much is price versus productivity? Is it a pretty balance? Is it steered more towards price? Just any color there. And the second part would be, you've already talked about some of the ways you've continued to generate cost productivity, but some costs are also eventually going through returns. So just  you've mentioned the levers that are left. Could you elaborate a little bit more on  you've obviously done a great job on productivity. Just where is the incremental productivity coming from?
John Sznewajs: Sure. So Mike, a couple of questions. As you think about the weighting of price versus productivity and offsetting inflation, just given the nature of  and the rapid increase in the amount of inflation that we're seeing, it's naturally going to be more price than productivity to offset that or to get to price/cost neutrality. In terms of our productivity measures, I'll start and maybe kick it over to Keith to clarify. But our teams have done a great job over multiple years of driving productivity within our operations. And it's not just on the plant floor. It's also in the administrative part of the operations. And we challenge our teams every year to get more efficient in a variety of ways. And so we do have TCP goals for every  total cost productivity goals for each of our businesses. Keith, do you want to give some examples?
Keith Allman: Yes. I think from a dollars and cents perspective, the greatest productivity comes from volume leverage. And when you look at our consistent and steady and repeatable drop down, say it's 30%-ish in incremental volume for Plumbing and maybe closer to 25% in the Deco segment. That conversion efficiency is very helpful to us. Obviously, there's direct labor productivity. We have hired a lot of people. And as those people become more familiar with our systems and how to work, that naturally drives productivity. We're consistently and constantly looking for material substitution and value engineering where we can take a four-part assembly and make it a two- part machine or injection molding, that sort of thing. So it's really a combination of shop floor and labor productivity, working with our suppliers and making sure that we have the most cost-effective way to meet customer requirements, so we don't want to mess or miss any customer requirements. So it's really all part and parcel of the Masco operating system with a good dose of volume leverage.
Mike Dahl: Thats great. Very helpful. Ill leave it there. Thanks.
David Chaika: That concludes today's call. We'd like to thank all you for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in Masco. As always, please feel free to contact me at (313) 792-5500 if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone for joining us today. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporations Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Conference Call. My name is Michelle and I will be your operator for todays call. As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded for playback purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer of Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Michelle and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2020 fourth quarter and full year conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco and John Sznewajs, Mascos Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we cant take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties and our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I hope you and your families are safe and healthy. 2020 was a challenging year for all of us. As the virus started reshaping our lives, our economy and our business, we established three priorities to guide us throughout the year. Number one, keep our employees safe; two, meet the needs of our customers; and three, position Masco to outperform the recovery. Our employees across our business units did a tremendous job to deliver on all of these priorities. Our performance in 2020 was a testament to Mascos culture of solving problems, serving customers and delivering better solutions. I want to thank all our 18,000 employees across the globe for their outstanding efforts throughout 2020. Now, let me provide you with some brief comments on our fourth quarter before I turn to our full year results and conclude with our thoughts on 2021. Turning to Slide 4, our top line increased 12%, excluding the impact of currency in the fourth quarter. We saw growth across our entire portfolio, led by strong growth in North American plumbing, international plumbing and our paint business. Operating profit increased 20% and our operating margin expanded 90 basis points to 16.6% in the quarter as we leveraged our strong volume growth. Our earnings per share for the quarter increased an outstanding 36%. Turning to our segments, plumbing grew 12%, excluding currency, with 14% growth in North American plumbing and 8% growth in international plumbing. North American plumbing was led by Delta Faucet Company, with 18% growth. Our spa business also achieved growth in the fourth quarter as we continued to effectively manage COVID-related restrictions. Hansgrohe drove strong growth in Germany and China, as those markets have recovered nicely from earlier in the year. In our Decorative Architectural segment, Bayer continued its tremendous year with high-teens DIY paint growth and mid single-digit Pro Paint growth in the fourth quarter. Our lighting and our bath and cabinet hardware businesses also contributed nicely to growth in the quarter. In regards to capital allocation, we resumed our share repurchase program by repurchasing 2.3 million shares for $125 million during the quarter and we executed three bolt-on acquisitions, which we expect to contribute approximately 3% top line growth in 2021. The largest was the acquisition of Kraus, an online plumbing fixture company focused on modern, high-quality sinks faucets and related products. Kraus will operate as an affiliate of Delta Faucet Company. This leading digitally native brand will complement our online capabilities in the fast growing e-commerce channel. Also in our plumbing segment, Hansgrohe, in January, acquired a 75% interest in Easy Sanitary Solutions, or ESS, a Netherlands based developer and manufacturer of high style, linear drain solutions. ESS shares Hansgrohes focus on innovation, design and responsibility and will further expand our strong presence in the shower space. In our Decorative Architectural segment, we acquired Work Tools International, a leading manufacturer of high-quality precision paint tools and accessories, including brushes, rollers and mini rollers for both DIY and professional painters under the WHIZZ and Elder & Jenks brand names. These acquisitions are consistent with our M&A criteria in that they are leaders in their respective categories, have a strong fit with our existing strategy, increase our market share in complementary or adjacent product categories, and meet our bolt-on acquisition return criteria, which is to exceed our risk-adjusted cost of capital within a 3-year timeframe. Now, lets review our full year performance. Please turn to Slide 5. For the full year, sales grew 7%, led by double-digit growth from Delta Faucet, Bayer Paint and Liberty Hardware. Delta gained share with double-digit growth across its retail, trade and e-commerce channels. Hansgrohe gained share in its two largest markets of Germany and China. And our spa business, which was the most impacted by shutdown orders and limits on employees in its Mexican facilities, overcame significant obstacles to end the year down only mid single-digits and enters 2021 with a record backlog due to the tremendous demand for its products. In our Decorative Architectural segment, we were well positioned with our leading brands, Bayer and KILZ and are strong channel partners to capitalize on the powerful resurgence in DIY paint. This resulted in full year growth of over 20% in DIY paint. Pro Paint demand was soft in Q2 and Q3, but returned to growth in the fourth quarter and is accelerating into 2021. While total company sales grew 7%, operating profit increased 18%, as we leveraged the strong volume growth and enacted significant cost reduction across the organization, including a hiring and wage freeze for part of the year, significantly lower brand and marketing spend, a freeze on certain growth investments for part of the year, and obviously drastically reduced travel and entertainment expense. These actions, coupled with our strong volume leverage, resulted in significant operating margin expansion of 170 basis points in 2020. Our strong cash generation allowed us to deploy nearly $1.1 billion in capital during the year. We repurchased $727 million of our stock at an average price of approximately $30 per share  excuse me $39 per share. We returned approximately $145 million in dividends to shareholders. We completed four bolt-on acquisitions for $227 million and we finished the year with over $1.3 billion in cash on hand and net leverage of 1x. This strong operating profit growth, combined with our significant capital deployment, resulted in exceptional financial results, 37% earnings per share growth to $3.12 per share, exceeding our 2019 Investor Day guidance for 2021 a full year earlier than planned, free cash flow of over $1 billion with a conversion rate of 118%, and a return on invested capital of approximately 42%. Now, turning to 21, while precise forecasting is a significant challenge in this dynamic environment, Id like to share with you our view of the markets where we compete. For the North American repair and remodel market, we expect market growth to be in the low to mid single-digit range, with strong growth in the first half, followed by difficult comps in the second half. For the paint market, a subset of the repair and remodel market for us, we expect the DIY paint market to be down low to mid single-digits and the Pro Paint market to grow mid single-digits. And for our international markets, principally Europe, we expect a low single-digit growth environment. While the U.S. market will face challenging comps in the back half of 21, leading indicators remain robust. Home price appreciation was up nearly 13% in December and existing home sales were up over 22% compared to prior year. Each of these metrics has a strong correlation with our sales on a lag basis. Based on these assumptions and our expectation that we will continue to gain share and outperform the market, we anticipate Mascos growth to be in the range of 5% to 9%, excluding currency for 2021 and 7% to 11%, including currency. This is based on expected organic growth of 2% to 6%, excluding currency, growth from our completed acquisitions of approximately 3% and growth from foreign currency translation of approximately 2%. We expect margins to be approximately 17% and earnings per share to be in the range of $3.25 to $3.45 for 2021. Turning to capital allocation, our Board announced its intention to increase our annual dividend to $0.94 per share, beginning in the second quarter of 2021, a 68% increase as we have raised our targeted dividend payout ratio from 20% to 30% based on the strength of our business model and cash generation capabilities. In addition to announcing its intention to increase our annual dividend, our Board also approved a new $2 billion share repurchase authorization. Our strategy remains unchanged to deploy our free cash flow after dividends to share repurchase or acquisitions and based on our strong liquidity position of over $1.3 billion in cash at year end and our projected free cash flow, we expect to deploy approximately $800 million to share repurchases or acquisitions in 2021. Now, I will turn the call over to John to go over our fourth quarter, full year and 2021 outlook in more detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith and good morning everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance from continuing operations, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning to Slide 7, we delivered a strong finish to a record year. Fourth quarter sales increased a robust 12%, excluding currency. In local currency, North American sales increased 13%. This outstanding performance was mainly driven by strong volume growth in North American faucets and showers as well as DIY paint. In local currency, international sales increased 8%. Gross margin was 35.6% in the quarter, up 100 basis points as we leverage increased volume partially offset by higher rebates and program costs. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales was 19% in the quarter. This was primarily due to increases in certain variable costs such as incentive compensation, program costs, advertising and legal accruals. We delivered strong fourth quarter operating profit of $309 million, up $52 million or 20% from last year, with operating margins expanding 90 basis points to 16.6%. Our fourth quarter EPS increased 36% to $0.75. Please note that this performance is based on a normalized tax rate of 25% versus the previously guided 26% tax rate. Changes to IRS guidance in late 2020 and how certain foreign income is taxed in the U.S. lowered our normalized tax rate to 25%. As this change was retroactive, restated adjusted EPS numbers for 2019 and the first three quarters of 2020 can be found in the appendix on Slide 28. Turning to the full year 2020, sales increased 7%, excluding currency. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted the full year by $13 million. In local currency, North American sales increased 9% and the international sales decreased 1%, as many European markets were slower to recover from the impacts of COVID-19. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales decreased 100 basis points to 17.9% for the full year as a result of our rapid pandemic-related cost containment. For the full year, operating profit increased $196 million or 18%, with operating margins expanding 170 basis points to 18.2%. Lastly, our EPS increased 37% to $3.12 for the full year. I want to thank our employees across the globe for their hard work, dedication and commitment to safety that enabled us to achieve record results in an extremely challenging year. Turning to Slide 8, plumbing grew 12% in the quarter, excluding the impact of currency. North American sales increased 14% in local currency, led by Deltas 18% growth in the quarter. Delta continues to drive robust consumer demand across our wholesale, retail and e-commerce customers. As Keith mentioned, Watkins, our spa business, delivered high single-digit growth in the quarter as they continued to experience strong demand for their products. They have a record backlog despite operating at less than 100% capacity due to ongoing government-mandated employee limitations in our Mexican facilities. International plumbing sales in the fourth quarter increased 8% in local currency. Hansgrohe once again led growth, driving double-digit growth in both Germany and China. Operating profit was $224 million in the quarter, up $44 million or 24%, with margins expanding 160 basis points to 19.1%. The strong performance was driven by incremental volume and cost containment initiatives, partially offset by higher year end program costs, marketing and other increased variable expenses. Turning to the full year 2020, sales increased 3%, excluding currency. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted full year sales by approximately $15 million. In local currency, North American plumbing sales grew 6% and international plumbing sales decreased 1%. Full year operating profit was $813 million, up $92 million or 13%, with margins expanding an outstanding 160 basis points to 19.7%. Turning to 2021, we expect plumbing segment sales growth to be in the range of 11% to 14%, with 4% to 7% organic growth, another 4% growth from the recent acquisitions, and given current exchange rates, foreign currency that favorably benefit plumbing revenue by approximately 3% or $112 million. We anticipate full year margins will be approximately 18%, given that in 2020, we delayed approximately $40 million in costs and investments due to COVID. We expect a significant portion of this to return in 2021 in the form of investments in our brands, service and innovation to fuel future growth. We will also have increased amortization expense of approximately $11 million due to purchase accounting. Segment operating margins will decline by approximately 60 basis points due to this incremental amortization in the two recent acquisitions. Turning to Slide 9, Decorative Architectural grew 12% in the fourth quarter, driven by mid-teens growth in our paint business. Our DIY paint business continued its strong year with high-teens growth and our Pro Paint business rebounded nicely in the quarter with mid single-digit growth. Our builders hardware and lighting business also benefited from increased consumer demand and each contributed to the segments results by delivering solid growth. Operating profit in the quarter increased 9%, driven by incremental volume, partially offset by an unfavorable price cost relationship as well as higher variable compensation and legal accruals of approximately $10 million. Turning to full year 2020, sales increased 12%, driven by the resurgence in DIY paint in the year. While Pro business declined slightly over the prior year, we saw solid improvement in demand in the fourth quarter. Full year operating income increased $98 million or 20%, with operating margins expanding 120 basis points to 19.2%. In 2021, we expect Decorative Architectural segment sales to grow in the range of 2% to 7%, with 0% to 5% organic growth, another 1.5% from the acquisition. We also expect segment operating margins of approximately 19%. Looking specifically at paint growth for 2021, we currently anticipate our DIY business to be approximately flat with 2020 and our Pro business to increase high single-digits. In addition, the 2020 will add approximately $3 million of incremental amortization expense due to purchase accounting. And turning to Slide 10, our year end balance sheet was strong with net debt-to-EBITDA at 1x and we ended the year with approximately $2.3 billion of balance sheet liquidity, which includes full availability of our $1 billion revolver. Working capital as a percentage of sales finished the year at 15.2%, excluding acquisitions, an improvement of 50 basis points over prior year. This performance was excellent. As we entered 2021, our inventory levels will require some reinvestment to sustain our outstanding delivery performance. With our strong operating and working capital performance and lower the normal CapEx, adjusted free cash flow was extremely strong at $1 billion, representing 118% of adjusted net income from continuing operations. During 2020, we repurchased 18.8 million outstanding shares for approximately $727 million and we increased our annual dividend by 4% to $0.56 per share. Finally, I am pleased to report that Moodys recently upgraded our credit rating to BAA2 based on our improved credit metrics and strong financial performance. We have summarized our expectations for 2021 on Slide 11. We expect overall sales growth of 7% to 11%, with operating margins in the range of approximately 17%. We currently expect that growth will be more heavily weighted towards the first half of the year as we will obviously face our impressive 2020 comps in the second half of 2021. One thing to keep in mind is that in 2021, we expect to annuitize and terminate certain of our U.S. defined benefit plans in either the second or third quarter. As a result, we will incur a non-cash settlement charge of approximately $450 million when we terminate the plans. We will adjust out this charge for purposes of our adjusted EPS calculation. Additionally, we will make a final one-time cash pension contribution of approximately $140 million to settle these plans. This amount will reduce our cash from operations similar to the approximate $50 million of defined benefit contributions made to these plans in the past several years. This also means that beginning in 2022, cash from operations will increase by approximately $15 million as compared to prior years, improving our already strong free cash flow conversion. Lastly, as Keith mentioned earlier, our 2021 EPS estimate of $3.25 to $3.45 represents 7% EPS growth at the midpoint of the range. This assumes a 255 million average diluted share count for the year. Additional modeling assumptions for 2021 can be found on Slide 17 in our earnings deck. With that, I will now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. 2020 was a disruptive year on many fronts and these uncertain times are far from over. While there is clearly much focus on these short-term dynamics, let me share with you how we are thinking about Masco for the long-term. Please turn to Slide 12. The repair and remodel industry is attractive with favorable fundamentals. Growth on average is approximately GDP plus 1% to 2% and is less cyclical than the new home construction market. Favorable demographics will help drive repair and remodel demand and we are on the leading edge of the large millennial cohort forming households. Older homes require more repair and remodel spending and the average age of housing has increased due to significant under-building of homes since the downturn of 2008 and the COVID-19 pandemic has clearly increased the desire for more enjoyable living space, which has led to increased home demand and remodeling expenditures. Masco is a low ticket repair and remodel focused business with market leading brands with product and geographic diversification, which provides growth and stability through an economic cycle. We leverage our customer insights, broad channel relationships, scale, diversification and our Masco operating system to drive innovation and make our businesses better. With our market leading brands, history of innovation, strong management teams and focus on serving our customers in this attractive industry, combined with our strong free cash flow and capital deployment, our long-term expectation is to grow earnings per share on average by approximately 10% each year. This is comprised of above market organic growth in the range of 3% to 5% annually, growth from acquisitions in the range of 1% to 3%, and margin expansion each year through cost productivity and volume leverage, and continued capital deployment in the form of share buybacks, which should contribute approximately 2% to 4% EPS growth, and dividends which should add approximately 1% to 2% return on top of the EPS growth. While 2020 was an extremely challenging year, we responded exceptionally well and are poised to continue to drive shareholder value creation in the future. Now with that, we will turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Matthew Bouley from Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew Bouley: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. The first one I will ask on the plumbing margin guide of 18%, it sounded like between that additional investment spending and the purchase amortization that mostly bridges us to there from 2020. I guess my question is what else might be contemplated in that margin guide, thinking about metals inflation, pricing in this environment and all that? Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Good morning, Matthew. Its John. I think you hit the nail on the head with your analysis. You are right, the two big things that are causing the decline in year-over-year plumbing margins are some of the spend thats coming back in as well as the impacts of the two acquisitions in the segment for 2021. What else could impact it to bridge the difference? There might be  there is probably a little bit of headwind from commodity inflation, because as you know we dont always perfectly match the timing of any pricing or any other actions we may take to offset commodity inflation with actually feeling the inflation through our P&L. So, thats probably, but I would say thats a pretty small impact overall.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Thanks for that, John. Second one, the long-term guide of 10% annual EPS growth, you are talking to, it sounds like annual margin expansion. My question is to the extent you are guiding 21% to 17% in total, are you conceptually saying that, that can continue to move higher? And the reason I ask is specifically because of Decorative at 19%, its still kind of above the older range you once gave. So, should we assume that I am not looking for specific 22 guidance, but conceptually, your expectation is that a 17% margin can continue to move higher?
Keith Allman: Thats right, Matthew. We have our Masco operating system that has proven itself in terms of productivity and total cost productivity across our business units. We obviously expect continued good solid drop-down on incremental volume. So yes, our expectation would be that we would continue to expand margins. I think one point I would like to make, Matthew, is if you look at our margin and you factor out, lets say, from  obviously 2020 was a very unique year. But if you look at how we performed 19 and our estimated guide in 2021 and you factor out some of that investment accounting for acquisition  or excuse me purchase accounting that John talked about, when you look at, say the middle of our of our guide, the drop-down that we are anticipating on this incremental volume is right in there in that 25%, 30% range that we have talked about. So clearly, 2020 was a unique kind of perfect storm for margin if you will, where we had good leverage on our incremental volume. We cut way back on some costs that we  as I have talked about before, we know that those cutbacks werent going to continue and that we need to continue to invest in areas like channel penetration, e-commerce, long-term connected home and those sorts of things. And we are going to continue to do that and we are going to continue to invest in our brands because it works. But yes, you are exactly right, we expect continued margin expansion.
John Sznewajs: And Matthew, maybe one thing I will add to Keiths comments is  well, maybe two things. One is that as you think about the continued margin expansion, I think about it in the context of tens of basis points, not hundreds of basis points of continued margin expansion. And then second specifically with respect to your thoughts around the Decorative Architectural segment, recall that our Kichler business we have indicated that, that business we are turning around in a lot of the good work that the team has done over the course of the last year, year and a half there, will start to bear fruit in 2021. And supplementing that good work will also be some reduced amortization from the acquisition of that in the range of $7 million or $8 million on an annual basis. So, I think that also helps explain a little bit of the higher margins in Decorative Architectural.
Matthew Bouley: Great. Thank you for all the color. Very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Lovallo from Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my questions as well. Maybe just starting with Decorative Architectural and the 0% to 5% organic outlook for top line, can you help us understand maybe some of the drivers that could get us to the higher end of that range?
John Sznewajs: Well, I am sorry, you broke up a little bit, John, you had asked for some of the drivers that would get...
John Lovallo: I apologize, yes. So yes, I was wondering, its a fairly wide range. Just curious what realizing that the comps are tough, what could get you to the higher end of that 5% organic range?
Keith Allman: Really, its about the consumer and continued demand driving the desire to freshen their homes, to spend more time in their homes and to have their homes look better and the fact that we are hitting that sweet spot with a relatively low price point. So fundamentally, the high end of that range would come from DIY paint and continued growth there.
John Lovallo: Got it. And then on Watkins, it sounds like the backlog is very encouraging. Curious though, how close to 100% cap are you guys now and whats your ability to sort of execute on that backlog in 2021?
Keith Allman: We are doing pretty well. We are getting better and better at dialing in our factories given some of the restrictions. Who knows where these restrictions will go. I suspect that they will start to ease as globally the pandemic starts to wane, but we dont know that for sure. But fundamentally, we are doing a good job. We are looking at growth in this business. And we had growth in the fourth quarter. So its  we are really happy with how the business and our spa business in general, has responded.
John Sznewajs: Yes, John. The one thing I would add to Keiths comments is that to his point, Mike and the team down there have reacted just tremendously to the conditions that have been dealt or the conditions dealt to them. That said, because of the strong backlog, we do expect double-digit growth from that unit in here in 21 compared to 20, so very optimistic about how that business unit should perform.
John Lovallo: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question will come from Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen Kim: Yes. Thanks very much. I just wanted to follow-up on Johns question there on that 0 to 5 organic for Dec Arc. Just wanted to make sure that we got a sense for how that might flow quarterly? I mean, Dec Arc basically, obviously, benefited from the pandemic on DIY. But you had pretty strong organic growth pretty much throughout the year in almost every quarter. So just want to get a sense for like how big of a Delta are we talking about in terms of growth rates from, lets say, the front half of the year to the back half of the year? Or any other kind of help you can give us about the quarterly trajectory.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, its John. And youre right. I mean, we did experience very strong growth in the Decorative Architectural segment and specifically in 2020. In most quarters, I mean, if you think about  even in the first quarter of 2020, the segment was up 9% and our paint sales were up kind of high-teens percent. And what were expecting now, Stephen, is on a run rate basis, kind of the strong growth that the paint has been enjoying in the last couple of quarters to extend in the first half of the year. And then, obviously, as we get up against the tough comps of Q3 and Q4, that growth dials back a bit. And really, Keiths point, what drives us to the higher end of the range is consumer demand. If we see continued strength from the consumer and repayment activity, that could push us to the very high end of the range. If it doesnt materialize, it could kind of in the midpoint to the lower end of that range.
Stephen Kim: Got it. Yes, okay. That helps in understanding the degree of conservatism in there. Second question, Keith, I believe you made a comment about  maybe it was you, John, about the $800 million in share repurchases. I believe you said in $800 million in share repurchase or acquisition. So I just want to clarify are you saying that you intend to do $800 million in buybacks and then any acquisitions that you do would be incremental to that or is the $800 million going to be like all that you are allocating for both and you will sort of see how the acquisition shape up over the course of the year?
Keith Allman: No change in how weve talked about it, Steve. Thats for both. So we view those funds as fungible. And that if theres an acquisition that we see that meets our criteria, as I said we are focused more on bolt-ons and close to the core. I think what we talked about with these 3 acquisitions is a good indication of where were focused and what our strategy is. But fundamentally, its that $800 million thats fungible between acquisitions and share repurchases. And with our strong balance sheet, we have room. If there was something bigger from an acquisition standpoint that we wanted to go after, we certainly have the capability and the dry powder to do that. But fundamentally, we havent changed about how were thinking at it in terms of reallocating free cash flow.
Stephen Kim: Okay, great. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys. Congrats on a strong quarter. It sounds like you have pretty good line of sight in the first quarter and easier comps in 2Q. But if come in at the high end of your guide, do you see the opportunity for upside more back half weighted because youre assuming some moderation?
Keith Allman: Yes, Phil, I think thats the way to think about it. Like you said, we got better visibility in the first part of the year. Its going to be tough to see. Its a little tough to see right now how exactly things play out in the back half of the year. Theres a number of moving pieces, and it all depends on really how the pandemic and the vaccines unfold. And so  and then how that ultimately ends up driving consumer behavior and consumer demand. So you are right, more clarity in the first part of the year, less clarity in the second half.
Phil Ng: Got it. It sounds like you are not seeing any slowdown year-to-date, so thats pretty encouraging. And then implicit in your guide, what type of inflation are you assuming and how do you plan on tackling that? It looks like Behr Paint prices, based on some AR scrape have started to move up already. So, do you expect that price cost squeeze in DAP to kind of be more neutral in 1Q? And any handholding you can provide on the shape of the margin profile for plumbing because there is a lot of moving pieces there?
John Sznewajs: Yes. So I will start off maybe a little bit and then Keith can supplement my remarks. So first comment, maybe I will take a step back, Phil and talk more broadly about the commodity basket that we are facing and then talk about them in the shape of the plumbing margins. So you should take a look at the various raw materials that impact our financial statements, obviously, copper and zinc have started to inflate really in the back half of the year, but really have been pretty strong since the middle of the fourth quarter, kind of the November timeframe, really started to see copper and zinc inflate. And at the same time, if you think about the input costs or the input basket that goes into paint, which are really twofold, one is titanium dioxide and the other are the more of the petroleum linked engineered resins, we have started to see inflation in both, probably more so on the engineered resin side than in TiO2. But TiO2 recently is starting to inflate. And as a matter of fact, as I think about the inflation as it hits the raws and paint, engineered resins have probably even accelerated more in the last several weeks. And so the way we are going to approach this is the way weve historically approached our raw materials. One, obviously, we think, in total, Phil, that, that raw material inflation will be kind of a low-single digits range on us during the course of the year. But well go after it in the way we typically do. And that is, we negotiate with our suppliers. We work out our internal cost productivity. And then we also, to the extent thats required, we will take pricing actions. There is  I think you will recall we tend to be price cost-neutral over time. That said, we cant always perfectly time these things. So you might see a quarter or so of margin contraction because of us feeling the pricing impact or the cost impact of the raw material inflation before were able to implement price, but that should level out over time. So Keith, I dont know if there is anything else you want to add?
Keith Allman: No, I think you hit that. We are experiencing some commodity pressures and some cost pressures. If you think about it, lets say, mid-single-digit type inflation in our paint basket and probably lower than that. In our plumbing basket logistics, we are seeing some pressure there. But logistics is a low-single-digit cost for us, so thats not such a big impact. And this is nothing thats new to us. Ive been in the seat now going on 7 years, and we have seen this several different cycles of this kind of thing. And we go at it with productivity improvements through our Masco operating system. We go at it with supplier negotiations. And because of our consistent investment innovation in brands, we are able to when we need to, go after it with price. So over time, as weve talked about, we are neutral as it relates to price cost. And there are some leads and lags in that, and that can go both ways. But fundamentally, we dont view that as changing at all. We dont expect it to change going into 21.
Phil Ng: Okay. Super helpful.
John Sznewajs: So, with respect to your second question, related to kind of how we are thinking about plumbing margins through the year. Similar to a couple of the other answers weve already given in that probably a little bit better more of a benefit in the first part of the year because its just a way that margin shaped up in 2020. And then, obviously, we face much more significant margins in the second half of the year. And so that will  as a comp in the back half of 2020, I think our margins in Q3 last year were 23%, 24%. And so those tough margins will be tough to comp against and so probably not as good of margins in the back half of the year.
Phil Ng: Okay. Thanks a lot. Really helpful.
John Sznewajs: Yes.
Operator: And your next question will come from Nishu Sood from UBS. Your line is open.
Nishu Sood: Thanks. So first question I wanted to ask was about the guidance and the acquisitions. You mentioned that the acquisitions will contribute about, I think, you said 3% in revenue growth. Is there an EPS impact as well? I know theres some amortization, so maybe thats happen, nothing. But how will it  how is it a part of the EPS guidance for 21?
John Sznewajs: Yes. Its a relatively small piece of the overall EPS guide, Nishu, because if you think about circa $15 million of amortization on these businesses, its probably a couple of cents.
Nishu Sood: Got it. Thanks. And then the second question, on Decorative Architectural, in the  in your third quarter call with some visibility into price cost, etcetera, youd expected the margins to be 17%. Obviously, they came in somewhat short of that. What drove that? I mean you highlighted price cost, but its obviously notable that youre expecting very strong margins in your Decorative Architectural division in 21. So I just wanted to understand what drove the downside that will reverse and still allow margins to be pretty nice in 21?
John Sznewajs: Yes. Nishu, I think its pretty straightforward answer. I think what drove the margin down in the fourth quarter was kind of a couple of things. One was we had higher variable costs, just a higher incentive compensation cost, I should say, due to just the outstanding performance that the segment enjoyed. And then the other piece of it is we trued up some legal accruals. The two of those in aggregate, kind of came in at about $10 million. So if you have kind of view those as onetime in nature, youre kind of right there as to where you would expect us to be.
Nishu Sood: Got it. Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning everyone. First, I wanted to go into the pain outlook for 2021. And if I heard it right, youre expecting your own DIY business to be flat versus the market to be down low to mid-single digits, Pro to be up high-single digits versus your outlook for the market to be up mid-single. So I was wondering if you could just give us a little more detail in terms of whats driving your outlook for the share gains in both of those businesses in 21?
Keith Allman: Really, its demonstrated performance. Weve got our strong brand  brands really when you think about kills as well as Behr. We have had and demonstrated that our investments in the Pro Paint area, is working and we are going to continue to make those investments. So, its really demonstrated performance on well our investments in brand innovation and Pro Paint growth, are working.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. I was just  I appreciate that, Keith. I guess I was just wondering if this is share gains by Home Depot or some new products. I mean, anything thats kind of more, lets say, specific to 2021 in terms of any catalysts or initiatives.
Keith Allman: Yes, absolutely. Its more of what youve seen in the past. So absolutely, new products and our new product rollout for 2021 is strong, and were going to continue to invest in that. The brand and the brand strength, as it relates to advertising and various programs that we are rolling out both on  in DIY as well as Pro. And then continued investment and feet on the street and driving growth specifically with Pro. So its more of the same recipe of brand service and innovation.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. No, I appreciate that. I guess, secondly, I just wanted to circle back to the comments around the operating margins for the businesses. And if you go back to the Analyst Day, at that time, youre kind of looking at long-term margin targets that were plus or minus right in line with the performance the margins that you were achieving at that time. So in other words, youre looking at a margin outlook that was roughly in parity with the level of probability you are generating. Now it sounds like youre saying something a little different that youre expecting some amount of margin improvement going forward. And John, I appreciate your comments saying maybe in the tens of basis points, not the hundreds. And  but talking about an incremental margin being above the margin that youre currently generating. So I just wanted to understand maybe what changed between then and now? It was my understanding that the outlook given at the last Analyst Day was more driven by the fact that you certainly have kind of a level of reinvestment in the business and investment for growth, investment in your channel partners, and that was what was more keeping it at the range that it was. So just trying to get a better sense of whats different in the margin outlook today versus back then?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike. Ill kick this one-off and then Keith might add some other color to this one. But I think the principal difference between what you heard from us at our 2019 Investor Day and what were talking about now in terms of both growth and margin profile has to do with our underlying assumptions for the market. We  and in 2019, outlined fairly muted market growth going forward, through the period of 21, which is really what we outlined. And obviously, things have played out much different than that. And even if you consider what were laying out for 2021 today, its better growth than we would have forecasted back in the fall of 2019. And so I think thats the principal difference. Have  our business is doing everything else that we would expect to do. Yes, the driving innovation? Absolutely. Are they pushing for share gains? Yes. Are they doing all the right things in terms of their service and delivery capability? Yes. So, all those good things are happening, but I think fundamentally, the big difference is our perspective on market growth. Keith, I dont know if theres anything else you want to add?
Keith Allman: Yes. I think you hit it, John. We had a different perspective on top line growth as the main driver when you compare the difference between our Investor Day in 19 and where we sit today, but its also a combination of continuing our total cost productivity and leveraging our Masco operating system. So, long-term, a little bit different outlook 19 versus where we sit today. Were committed to organic growth in that 3% to 5% range. I think we can add another 1% to 3% in acquisitions, buyback in that 2% to 4% range, and thats how we see that long-term 10% growth in EPS. And then, of course, the 1% to 2% dividend yield on top of that. So thats fundamentally how we are looking at it.
Michael Rehaut: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question will come from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning. My first question is, you talked a little bit in your prepared comments about the trends between DIY and Pro and the fact that you saw a little bit of a pickup in Pro in the fourth quarter, and thats expected to continue this year. Can you just give us a bit more color on that? Exactly how thats starting to come together and how you expect that ramp to come through over the next couple of quarters?
Keith Allman: We certainly saw the growth pick up in the fourth quarter, and Im not going to get into specific month-by-month here. But its continuing into 2021 here. And I think, by and large, it has to do with residential repaint and consumers being more comfortable with contractors and pros inside their house. And I think thats the fundamental driver. Were seeing it mainly in the interior side, and we would expect that from a seasonality perspective. But I think thats, Susan, fundamentally the driver.
Susan Maklari: Got it. Okay. And then in my next question is, when we do think about the mix shift coming through, it feels like in 2020, the mix shift was incredibly favorable as we think about that mix between DIY and Pro. As we think about things normalizing as we go forward, how should we think about the impact that has on the margin profile and how youre kind of thinking about and maybe incorporating that into the guide?
John Sznewajs: So Susan, maybe taking a step back and talking about mix broadly across our business.
Susan Maklari: Yes.
John Sznewajs: So we did see favorable mix across many of our businesses in 2020. But it was a relatively modest impact overall. We saw favorable mix, obviously, in some of our plumbing fixtures. We saw some of it in our spa business, as we saw some of our higher-end spa sale. And to your point, we saw it in paint with a little bit better mix of DI  more DIY and a little bit less Pro. As we think about that as we go into 2021, again, I dont think mix is going to have a significant impact. Could there be a modest headwind from mix in our paint business? Yes, but itd be relatively modest. And I would say that the negative mix that weve been experiencing in plumbing in Europe will probably likely continue into 2021. Thats been something weve been experiencing probably for about 24 months now, and we dont see that changing too much. But again, overall, I want to make sure you take away that its not going to be an overall significant impact to the business.
Susan Maklari: Got it. Okay, thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question will come from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mike Dahl: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First question, I wanted to go back to kind of the plumbing outlook from a top line standpoint. And John, I think you mentioned during the remarks that international would be low single-digits, which I presume is mostly plumbing. But I was hoping to get more of a breakdown of kind of how you see the composition of the organic growth of 4% to 7% presumably, the Watkins business is up north of that. But could you give us any sense of kind of how you are seeing Watkins, what the core North American faucet business is doing? And then if that international comment was reflective of what you expect specifically for international plumbing? That would be great.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think you nailed it, Mike. Watkins, we are expecting really solid double-digit growth from them in 2021. As I mentioned before, the team is doing an outstanding job of maintaining our high-quality and getting our units out and obviously, thats a good mix for us, as we have talked about. So yes, good  leading the growth story in plumbing would be Watkins for sure. You are right, in terms of international and that low single-digit guide, thats primarily our European business and thats a mixed bag, as you might expect. We are continuing to see strong growth in our home markets of Central Europe and China and we continue to be challenged as you might expect as is everybody in England and Italy and some other locations. So, its a mixed bag, but you are right on in terms of the low single-digits. When we look across North American plumbing, we will expect to see really solid continued share gains across all of our channels, but a higher growth rate in e-commerce. And I think our acquisition of Kraus, the leading digitally native brand in the space, feeds right into that and gives us a lot of flexibility and capabilities to continue to outgrow that. On the retail front, we have been the leader in share of shelf on the faucet aisle for many, many years and thats continuing and we are continuing to invest to keep that lead. So, we expect good growth there. And obviously, between our BrassCraft and Delta, very solid brands in the plumbing wholesale trade. So we continue  we expect to continue to outgrow the market there. So youve hit it on the head with regards to how we are thinking about international, Watkins leading the way. Obviously, e-commerce as a channel will grow faster than others and we are going to continue to gain share across the board.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thanks, Keith. And that kind of dovetails into my second question, which is around some of the long-term strategy, specifically with respect to M&A and e-commerce. And so its  I mean, picked up a couple of good tuck-ins here and you are now kind of formally guiding to some contribution from M&A going forward. So two-part question is really kind of a), what are you seeing in the markets in your pipeline with respect to M&A thats kind of giving you the confidence that this will continue to be a steady stream that you can incorporate into a long-term framework? And then second, specifically with respect to plumbing and the push and acceleration in e-commerce, how should we think about using your  using the Kraus acquisition as kind of a starting point or an acceleration point to further scale your other brands versus there being significant other acquisition opportunities, specifically within kind of the plumbing, digital or e-commerce channel?
Keith Allman: Mike, on the M&A component and to your direct question why it gives me the confidence, its a couple of things. First and foremost, its the team, the deal team. John is leading it and the people that he has on his team are outstanding. And they have demonstrated it by what they were able to do in 2020. As you know, even though these were smallish acquisitions, the workload and the work on cultivating these isnt any less than a big acquisition and they were able to do it exceedingly well. So I am confident in the team. Secondly, its the actual pipeline and our MOS process of cultivation and looking at whats available. So, its still a challenge as valuations really havent softened that much and that informs the need to stay close to the core and thats our strategy. As I said before, we will look at bigger ones. But fundamentally, we are looking at tuck-ins where we can bring synergies to make our return work and we are going to stay disciplined, but that combination of a good team, a good pipeline, together with the discipline is what gives us the confidence. I am sorry, Mike, your other question was on e-commerce? Go ahead.
Mike Dahl: Yes. It was e-commerce and how much we should think about is going to come from additional M&A versus using the platform you have already built and now accelerated through Kraus to scale your existing brands?.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think there maybe opportunities for further acquisitions. And if we can acquire capabilities, where we can acquire brands in certain spaces that make sense, we will do that. But fundamentally, its about our existing brands and continuing to drive with the outstanding teams that we have developed and the investments that we have made as it relates to partnership with pure-play as well as the more building products associated hooked up with bricks and mortar. So we are going to continue to drive that. Thats where the lions share will be, but we will be opportunistic for other opportunities.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thanks, Keith.
Operator: And your next question will come from Adam Baumgarten from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just sticking with paint, just if we think about promotions given sort of a more normalized growth year, should we expect those  and is that embedded in your guidance for promotions to be up in 2021 versus 2020?
John Sznewajs: Yes. Adam, we are expecting a more normalized year this year. As you may recall, we and our channel partners have pulled back on some of the promotions, particularly in some of the major summer holidays in 2020 as a result of not wanting to drive too many consumers into their stores and preventing the spread of the virus. And so what we believe now will take place in and we will see how this ultimately plays out is that 2021 reverts to a more normalized year at least at this point.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay, great. And then just on the Work Tools International acquisition, it looks like those brands are actually sold at Lowes not at Home Depot. Do you see an opportunity, just given your presence obviously in the paint isle at depot to move those brands into Home Depot over time?
Keith Allman: I am not going to talk specifically about our plans as we roll this out. You will see them as we begin to grow. But I would say its consistent with what we have done in the past in terms of looking for expansion, in terms of adjacent products as well as adjacent channels and thats something that we bring to many of these acquisitions. So, our focus is on bringing the power of our channel presence and our innovation to acquisitions and then learning from them, be it on online capabilities like with Kraus or with certain brands. So, its a combination.
Adam Baumgarten: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And your final question from today will come from Keith Hughes from Truist. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Most of my question have been answered. But just switching back to international plumbing, have you seen the sales pace rate decline significantly last 6 to 8 weeks versus the fourth quarter given some of the shutdowns and things going on, particularly in Western Europe is my question?
Keith Allman: So Keith, no, just looking at the first couple of weeks of the new year, we have seen continued strong demand in Western Europe. Obviously, some of the markets are different. But in core Central Europe, Germany and China ahead of Chinese New Year, sales have been very strong. The UK, to your point, because of the lockdown has been a little slower, but we like the performance the first couple of weeks of the new year.
Keith Hughes: Okay, thank you.
David Chaika: And that concludes todays call. We would like to thank all of you for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in Masco. As always, please feel free to contact me, David Chaika, at 313-792-5500, if you have any further questions. Thank you and stay safe.
Operator: Thank you everyone. This will conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. My name is Maria, and I'll be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Maria, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2020 third quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risk and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope you and your families are staying healthy and safe in these difficult times. Please turn to slide four. During the third quarter, demand for our products was extremely strong as consumers continued to reevaluate how they use their homes in the face of ever-changing responses to the pandemic. With more time at home and more disposable income due to reduced discretionary spending on leisure travel, entertainment, and gas for commuting, to name a few, consumers are investing in their homes. I'm very proud of our strong execution as we met this increased demand and served our customers, while maintaining our top priority of employee safety. This resulted in tremendous performance on both our top and bottom lines. Sales for the quarter increased 15%, excluding the impact of currency. Operating profit increased $127 million or 43%, and operating margins expanded 400 basis points to 21.4%. We delivered strong incremental margins of 48%, as a result of our ability to profitably leverage the robust volume growth, and to pull the right cost reduction levers. Earnings per share grew 73% to $1.04 per share. Turning to our segments, excluding currency. Plumbing sales increased 12%. North American Plumbing sales grew 14%, led by extremely strong performance at Delta, which drove greater than 20% growth across each of its retail, e-commerce and trade channels. Trade sales in North America were particularly strong in the second half of the quarter, with Delta achieving record trade sales in both August and September. Delta was recently recognized as The Home Depot marketing partner of the year. This is an annual award across all of Home Depot suppliers, and speaks to our commitment to partner with our customers to drive growth through innovation, omnichannel expertise and strategic thought partnership. Our Spa business also rebounded nicely in the third quarter and achieved growth, despite still dealing with government limitations on the number of employees in its factories. Record levels of demand and backlog for our Spas continued, as consumers look for ways to enhance their at-home living and backyard experience. Our International Plumbing business also posted strong growth of 9%, excluding currency, led by growth in Germany and China. While Europe, as a whole, rebounded in the third quarter, certain markets remain challenged, such as the UK and Spain. In our Decorative Architectural segment, sales grew an exceptional 19% as we drove growth in all product categories, including Paint, Bath & Cabinet Hardware and Lighting. Our DIY paint sales remained very strong in the quarter with growth in the upper 20% range. PRO Paint declined mid single digits, a significant improvement from last quarter. Paint demand has remained robust as it is a simple, economical project that homeowners can do themselves to improve the appearance of their home. Across all of our business units, it was an exceptional quarter. I would like to again thank all of our employees for their tremendous efforts in serving our customers and keeping each other safe. Now moving into our fourth quarter outlook. We anticipate demand to remain strong and expect fourth quarter sales growth, excluding currency to be approximately 8% to 10% in both segments. Additionally, we expect fourth quarter operating margins for our Plumbing segment to be approximately 19% and operating margins for our Decorative segment to be approximately 17%. Together, this would put Masco's operating margin at over 17% for the quarter, a year-over-year expansion of approximately 150 basis points. As it relates to SG&A as a percent of sales, we anticipate further investment in our brands, innovation and service to ensure we continue to deliver a long-term sustainable value creation. This outlook assumes no further shutdowns in facilities or points of distribution, which is obviously a concern as COVID cases spike in many parts of the United States and the world. Lastly, I'd like to update you on our capital allocation. While there remains uncertainty in the incurrent environment, based on our strong balance sheet and liquidity, we do plan on resuming our share repurchase program in the fourth quarter. While the amount of repurchases will be subject to many variables, our initial plan is to deploy approximately $100 million towards repurchases in the quarter. And finally, there is no change to our thoughts on M&A. We remain active in the M&A market and have the balance sheet and liquidity to execute transactions with the right strategic fit and return during these uncertain times. With that, I'll now turn it over to John for additional details on our fourth quarter - excuse me, on our third quarter results. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith. And good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning to slide six. We had an outstanding quarter, as sales increased a robust 15%, excluding currency. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted our third quarter revenue by approximately $13 million. In local currency, North American sales in the third quarter increased 16%. This exceptional performance was mainly driven by strong volume growth in our DIY Paint and North American Plumbing businesses. In local currency, international sales rebounded nicely from last quarter and increased 9% over prior year, driven by increased volume. Gross margin was 38% in the quarter, up 210 basis points, driven by increased volume and cost leverage. Our SG&A as a percent of sales decreased 200 basis points to 16.5% as a result of fixed cost leverage and our continued focus on cost containment. Operating income was $425 million, up $127 million or 43% from last year, with operating margins expanding 400 basis points to 21.4%. Our EPS was a $1.04, an increase of 73% compared to the third quarter of 2019. Company-wide incremental margins for the quarter were a strong 48% due to operating leverage on the exceptional volume, our continued focus on cost control and a relatively benign commodity environment. While this tremendous performance is a testament to Masco's operating leverage and commitment to cost control, we also recognize the need to invest in our brands, service and innovation to fuel our growth and plan to fund such investments in future quarters. While uncertainty remains and precise forecasting is a challenge, we do anticipate continued solid consumer demand in the fourth quarter. We expect sales growth, excluding currency of 8% to 10%, with approximately 150 basis points of margin expansion from Q4 of 2019. Uncertainties such as the effect of government stimulus programs and the impact of the virus on the overall health of the economy and consumer could impact demand in the market and our expected results. Additionally, it is important to note that our Q4 expectations assume no further closures of our manufacturing plants or points of distribution related to COVID-19. Turning to slide seven. Plumbing grew 12% excluding the impact of currency. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted this segment's sales by approximately $13 million in the quarter. North American sales increased 14% in local currency, led by Delta. The strong growth we experienced at the end of the second quarter in our trade, retail and e-commerce channels, continued in the third quarter, driven by robust consumer demand and some inventory restocking. While manufacturing in our Spa business improved compared to the second quarter, walk-ins continue to operate at less than 100% capacity due to ongoing government-mandated employee limitations in our Mexican facilities. Despite these challenges, walk-ins grew in the third quarter, and they continue to experience very strong demand for their products, resulting in a record backlog. International Plumbing sales increased 9% in local currency. Hansgrohe drove low double-digit growth in both Germany and China, with lower growth in other European countries. This growth was partially offset by continued declines in other countries, including the UK and Spain, where the economies have been slower to recover. Operating profit was $271 million, up $83 million or 44% from prior year, with margins expanding 510 basis points to 23.8%. The strong incremental margin of 61% was driven by higher volume, cost productivity initiatives and a favorable price cost relationship. Turning to the fourth quarter. We anticipate sales, excluding currency to be up 8% to 10%, with margins of approximately 19%, up 150 basis points from prior year. Turning to slide eight. Decorative Architectural grew 19% for the third quarter. This outstanding performance was driven by high-teens growth in our Paint business with strong high 20% growth in our DIY Paint, partially offset by a mid single digit decline in pro paint. The continued resurgence in DIY paint and some inventory restocking drove this performance. We remain well positioned with Behr's compelling quality and value proposition to capitalize on this shift in consumer behavior. While propane demand declined in the third quarter, we saw a nice improvement from Q2 and sequential improvement through the quarter. Our builder's hardware business also contributed to segment's results as they delivered exceptional growth across product categories and benefited from strong consumer demand and new program wins. Additionally, our Lighting business continued to improve, achieving growth over prior year. Operating profit increased in the quarter by 34%, driven by incremental volume and continued cost control, partially offset by an unfavorable price cost relationship. Turning to the fourth quarter, we expect a strong demand for paint to continue and anticipate segment sales growth of 8% to 10%, with operating margins of approximately 17%, up approximately 70 basis points from prior year. At the same time, we anticipate a price cost headwind in a more normalized level of investment in the fourth quarter. And turning to slide nine. We continue to strengthen our balance sheet with net debt-to-EBITDA at 1.1 times as we ended the quarter, with approximately $2.3 billion of balance sheet liquidity which includes full availability of our $1 billion revolver. Working capital as a percent of sales improved 70 basis points versus prior year to 16.4% due to lower inventory levels and an improvement in accounts payable, largely resulting from working capital improvements at Kichler. It is important to note that our GAAP reported net cash from operations of $573 million to the 9 months ended September 30 reflects the cash taxes paid on the sale of our Cabinetry business. Excluding the impact of approximately $192 million of cash taxes paid on the gain on the sale of our Cabinetry business, our year-to-date adjusted net cash from operations is approximately $765 million, with free cash flow of approximately $690 million. This is consistent with our expectation of a 100% free cash flow conversion this year. A reconciliation can be found in the appendix of this deck. During the third quarter, we also successfully refinanced our 2021 debt maturity at historically low rates, which will result in approximately $4 million of annualized interest expense savings. Lastly, as Keith mentioned, we plan to reinstate our share buyback activity in the fourth quarter. We currently intend to deploy approximately $100 million to share repurchases in the fourth quarter, subject to market conditions. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our business as consumers reevaluate their living environments. The house is no longer just a place for shelter. It has become the office, the restaurant, the classroom, the gym and the entertainment center. And we are capitalizing on these changing needs with our leading products by providing an affordable way for homeowners to discover better living possibilities and to enhance how they interact with their homes. At our Investor Day a little more than a year ago, we committed to between $2.80 and $3 earnings per share in 2021. I'm very proud of the entire Masco team. I'm pleased to say that we will achieve and likely exceed this range a full year earlier than planned. And while it is a bit early to provide a definitive outlook for 2021, we believe that the strong consumer trend of an increased investment in their homes will continue in 2021 and support growth for our products. The changes we have made to Masco over the past few years, our culture of execution and our commitment to continue to invest in brand, innovation and service to support our customer's positions us well to drive long-term growth and value creation in this ever-changing market. With that, I'll now open up the call for questions. Maria?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley of Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: Good morning. Congrats on the results. And thank you for taking the questions. Wanted to start out with a question around the, I guess, longer-term margin. Keith, you just mentioned the Investor Day and thinking about how to guide this year is kind of setting up. On the margin side, to come in above the ranges you had given in both segments. And I also hear you around some intentions around investing for growth. So, as we think about 2021, is the idea that you're going to sort of intentionally bring those margins back into the long-term range? Or is there a potential that you can kind of remain above those long-term ranges, for an extended period here? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Matthew, when you think about our margin targets for 2021 that we setup at the Investor Day, we need to remember that, that was based on a significantly lower volume expectations, for 2021. I think we had Plumbing, in that 18% to 18.5% range, Deco was 17.5% to 18% and overall Masco, just shy of 17%. And as I said, this guidance was based on a low volume outlook. And as we've talked along in this call and in other calls, we leverage volume very nicely. So there is lots of variables. And we'll continue to invest in our brands, innovation and service, like we talked about. And that will certainly be somewhat of a headwind, if you would, to margin expansion. But with strong R&R fundamentals and increased volume, I would think that we would be able to exceed those targets and margins that we talk about, at our Investor Day in 2021.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Understood. Secondly, maybe zeroing on the 4Q margin guide in Plumbing, just given where you kind of ended Q3, complying a bit of a step down sequentially that's larger than typical for Q4. So is there anything in that Q3 Plumbing margin that is, I don't know, I guess, unsustainable or one-time in nature that might drive that type of step down? Thank you.
Keith Allman: There is a couple of things that are interacting, as we think about Plumbing in the fourth quarter. Recall that, once the pandemic hit, we very swiftly enacted significant cost-cutting measures, as we are in the throes of assessing what exactly the impact was going to be on liquidity, on cash flow, et cetera, and on demand. And we demonstrated I believe, with our third quarter results, that our demand has remained robust. So, now as we move into the fourth quarter, we do expect to see some increased production costs. Certainly, overtime, higher bonuses, higher volume rebates, probably we'll have some additional - a little bit of additional air freight, as we continue to balance out inventories in our supply chain. And keep up with strong demand. Commodities will be a little bit less favorable, as we look forward. And we do anticipate, as I talked about, bringing back some additional investment spend, to make sure that we are going to win in the recovery. We talked about investment in brands, and advertising and marketing, continued and increased investment in innovation. So that's the dynamic that we're looking at as we think about margins. Q4, really, pretty similar for the other segment as well, but definitely for Plumbing.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo of Bank of America.
John Lovallo: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my questions as well. Maybe starting off just, with Kichler, just wondering, if you can give us an update on, how the performance was in the quarter, with a very strong segment performance?
Keith Allman: They did a great job, really impressed with the team down there. Continue to execute, I would say, better than planned, at or better than planned. So we achieved growth. That was very solid. And the team is doing a good job or on plan.
John Lovallo: Okay. And then, maybe just going back to the Plumbing margins, the 23.8% in the quarter, it sounds like there's going to be some increased investment coming forward which makes a lot of sense. But how much of that was constrained investment in the quarter? Was that a factor? Or was it just the other factors that you talked about?
Keith Allman: You say constrained investments, John, how much did we have a reduction of the investment in Q2? Is that what you're asking?
John Sznewajs: Yes, John, maybe I'll take this one. In terms of - yes, I mean, if you think about our performance in the third quarter in plumbing, yeah, as we exited Q2, one of the things that Keith mentioned, we really clamped down on expenses at the start of the pandemic and we kept them constrained going into the third quarter. And so as you think about typical expenses that we might be running, particularly in the SG&A area, like a lot less travel and entertainment, right? Because virtually, we're not having our teams travel very much. Things like promotional expense were down significantly in the quarter. Things like trade shows that we would typically attend all down in the quarter. And so that led probably to a little bit better margin expansion on top of the benefits we enjoyed put the operating leverage in Q3. And so as Keith mentioned, as we roll from Q3 into Q4, we're watching, we're trying to contain our expenses as best we can, but we have to appropriately reinvest to grow the business. And so we are viewing the fact that we may need to layer some of those costs back in as we go into Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl of RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Dahl: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Nice results. Keith, John, you mentioned in remarks and in response to one of the questions, some of the input costs potentially creeping up and also freight, I think, as we think about global recovery and also potential vaccine distribution next year. There's certainly some thought that we could see further acceleration in some of the freight pressures and also some reacceleration in inputs. I guess, can you give us any more color when you're thinking about that 4Q margin? How much of an impact are you already seeing? And what are your thoughts as we head into '21 around inputs and freight?
John Sznewajs: Yes, sure, Mike. It's John. In terms of commodity costs, yes - and certainly, in Q3, you have some benefit. All of the drivers of our margin expansion in Q3, I'd say volume and cost productivity were much bigger drivers of our Q3 performance and obviously, commodity inputs. Looking forward, as you think in our Plumbing and you think about the base metals, copper and zinc, they did help us and gave us - provided us a little bit of tailwind in the third quarter. But recall that we've seen copper and zinc start to increase particularly in the second quarter. And as I think - as we've said before on other calls, I think it's about two quarters for raw material inflation to flow through, particularly the base - the copper and zinc before it hits our P&L. And so that will be a little bit less of a tailwind, a little bit more of a headwind as we go into Q4. As it relates to the input costs for paint, our price commodity relationship was a bit of a headwind in the quarter. And we expect that to increase a little bit as we go into the fourth quarter if present prices have started to rise up a little bit because oil has risen over the course of the year. So that's where we're looking. TiO2, I would say, has remained relatively stable, not a lot of up or down movements there. So as we go into the fourth quarter, we expect that to continue to be stable. As part of your question, I think, Mike, you also mentioned freight. We haven't seen a lot of freight cost pressure yet. And I would remind everyone that distribution and logistics costs as a percent of sales for us is relatively low. So even though if we saw significant spikes in distribution logistics, that wouldn't be much of an impact. So what we are seeing a little bit of tightness is on just supply of freight in trucks. And so that's something we're keeping an eye on. That said, I think we and our teams have always done a great job of handling inflation, whether it's our general inflation that we experience or commodity-based inflation. And so we'll handle those accordingly. We'll do it like we've always done. We'll continue to drive our cost productivity initiatives. We'll continue to work with our suppliers to push back on them, and we'll also enact pricing if that's required.
Mike Dahl: Great. Thanks for that. That's really helpful. My second question, it's clearly a great recovery in plumbing, both in North America and in international. Just wondering, I think with Europe, some of the rising cases have probably been at least a few weeks ahead of what we've seen in the US, and there have been some local restrictions that have probably gotten a little bit tighter there. Can you talk about just whether you're seeing any of those impact to your European plumbing business at this point in the fourth quarter relative to the recovery in the third quarter?
Keith Allman: Well, I'll take this one, Mike. Germany, which, as you know, is Hansgrohe's largest market and China which is also a very large market for us, each drove below double-digit growth in the third quarter. So we did see good growth. We also saw growth but to a lesser extent in other European countries, Italy, the Netherlands, for example. But as I said in my remarks, there were also other countries such as the UK and Spain that have been slower to recover. So when we think about Europe in the third quarter, it was good. It was robust for us. As it relates to the fourth quarter, we're watching very closely what happens. And yes, you're right, there has been some tightening, and they're doing it in a little bit different way than we are here. They tend to be more metropolitan area focused, meaning they're being more pinpointed in the types of restrictions that they're employing, whether it's cutting the time in certain cities that restaurants can be open or closing certain types of venues like cinemas, movie theaters, et cetera, on a city-by-city basis. So they're being more surgical. And I think just like around the world, there's more experience on how to work through this. So it remains to be seen what the ultimate impact will be. But I think what we've demonstrated is that we have the ability to be agile, if you will, and to very closely monitor the situations and pull the cost levers appropriately if needed. So right now, we're really watching, particularly over in Europe.
Mike Dahl: Thank you. Good luck in the quarter.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten of Credit Suisse.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you give us a sense for how much customer restocking added to growth across both businesses? You did mention that in both segments.
Keith Allman: Yes, Adam, as you might expect, as we exited this second quarter because of the strong demand that we were experiencing at the end of Q2, inventories were relatively low in the channels. And as you think about the growth drivers for the third quarter being volume and inventory restocking, I would tell you that volume was, by far, the much more significant driver of growth. Inventory restocking was a relatively light impact in the quarter.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then, just looking at 4Q Paint or Decorative guidance, what are you assuming for DIY and Pro growth in that guidance?
John Sznewajs: We think demand for Paint will continue to be strong as we go into the fourth quarter. We indicated we're forecasting 8% to 10% sales growth in Q4. And again, I think we are going to see continued strong demand on the DIY side, and muted but more an improving demand on the Pro side of our business. So I would remind everyone, though, we've got a bit of a tough comp going - in Paint as we go into the fourth quarter is. As you may recall, in the fourth quarter of last year, we experienced about $20 million of sales pulled forward in the fourth quarter of last year. And so that will be a bit of a comp headwind for us as we go into Q4.
Adam Baumgarten: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari of Goldman Sachs.
David Chaika: Susan, you may be on mute.
John Sznewajs: Susan, are you there? Hi, Susan.
Susan Maklari: Yeah. I'm sorry about that. That was my fault, sorry. My first question is just talking about you obviously mentioned you're restarting the share repurchase program, which I think is a good sign of your confidence in the outlook and what you're seeing. Can you talk a little bit about maybe any potential to exceed that $100 million? Or how we should think about this starting to kind of layer back in and you getting back to the levels that you've seen in the past couple of years?
John Sznewajs: Sure, Susan. As we indicated, both Keith and I indicated in our prepared remarks, we're right now targeting around $100 million for share repurchases in the quarter. And I think as we both indicated, there's a lot of variables that go into the decision to what drives our share repurchase activity. It's going to be subject to market conditions to the extent that we see pullback in the shares. We'll be probably a little bit more opportunistic like we were earlier this year, when we repurchased $600 million worth of our shares for less than $40 per share. So to the extent we see greater share pullback, we'll probably be a little bit more aggressive to the extent we see the share price run high. We'll probably continue to devote that $100 million, but probably not much more than that. Again, it's going to be a bit of a judgment call as we work our way through the quarter.
Susan Maklari: Okay. All right. That sounds good. And then, just following up there, can you give us a little color on Kichler and perhaps some of the trends that you're seeing there? And especially given some of those cost cutting efforts, how we should expect that to start to come through as we look to 2021?
Keith Allman: Lighting is a relatively less expensive purchase that you can create some pop and a new look in your house. So much like of many of our products, which are in that sweet spot of the price point and bang for the buck, if you will, we also saw that in Lighting. So we saw good growth across our channels, and Kichler participated in that growth. As we said, Kichler grew. And as I mentioned before to an earlier question, we're on plan, maybe even a little bit ahead of plan, and I'm pleased with how the team is performing. And our objective was to position Kichler for growth next year, and we had growth this past quarter. So, I like what I'm seeing.
Susan Maklari: Okay, great. Thank you, both.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Truman Patterson of Wells Fargo.
Truman Patterson: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking my question. First, among the two segments, could you just go through how demand trended throughout the quarter? And how it either ended in September or October or even in - just for clarity, the exit rate? Seems like all of your businesses were positive on a year-over-year basis in 3Q, but are they still trending that way?
John Sznewajs: As we spoke a little bit timing in the prepared remarks, Delta had a record last couple of months of the quarter. So nice acceleration to the quarter, and that's fairly consistent with the Plumbing segment, in general, had good solid, somewhat consistent growth over in Europe, and Plumbing. In the DIY space in - excuse me, in Paint and in Decorative, in general, pretty consistent. It was strong going in and remain strong going through. So that gives you a little bit of color on the in-quarter kind of dynamics.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Thank you for that. And then, not necessarily in paint or faucets, but in other building product categories, we've heard of some supply chain issues or capacity issues in filling the robust demand. Are you all seeing that in paint and faucets specifically? Or you have any capacity issues? And then on the flip side, it seems like there's a little bit of inventory build in your channels. Do you think that there's more to come that your retailers especially need to build additional inventory? And how are you thinking about your own inventory levels over the winter? Are you looking to build up a little bit more than you normally do?
Keith Allman: Right now, Truman, we're managing through with our current capacity. Typically, we would use the slower months in the beginning of the year and early Q2 to build inventory. We didn't have that luxury due to restrictions and uncertainty and everything that was going on at that point. Now we do have plans to selectively add some capacity where we need it. We talked a little bit about the resurgence and the increase in demand of one gallon filling - one gallon paint due to paint due to the tremendous shift over to DIY, where they DIY or tend to buy more one than five. So we had to buy and purchase some additional capacity in one gallon filling lines, that sort of thing. So there's some spot capacity in certain types of machinery where we've had to add. But really, there's, then, no significant capacity issues. At some point, we're likely going to increase capacity in certain areas, but not in immediate horizon. In terms of the inventory position in the channels, I would say that inventory is probably a little bit light for where we would like to see it and where our channel partners would like to see it. So may see a little bit of inventory fill as we move through the year.
John Sznewajs: Yeah. And one thing I'd add to Keith's comments is that, I always like to take this time to acknowledge our supply chain teams. They have done just a fantastic job of reacting to the increased robust demand that we've been experiencing in the third quarter. And whether it's our supply chain teams internally, our folks and our plans across the portfolio or whether it's our suppliers, everyone has acted in a coordinated fashion to really drive this growth. And so we're really pleased with how the team has responded this quarter.
Truman Patterson: Thank you all and good luck on the upcoming quarter.
John Sznewajs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes of Truist.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. A question on Watkins, it sounds like you're still having some production issues. Do you have any sort of feel for when that will get back to full production and alleviate some of the backlog you discussed earlier?
John Sznewajs: Keith, again, Watkins team is working day and night to deliver and fulfill the demand. When the Mexican government releases the restrictions, it's tough to tell. I mean we don't have any good insight as to when that's going to take place. But the Watkins team is running hard and fulfilling as best they can. And like I said in my prepared remarks, they drove growth in the quarter despite some of these restrictions. And so we're really pleased with how the Watkins team is delivering here in Q3 and Q4.
Keith Hughes: And second question on PRO paint. You talked about - it sounds like in the fourth quarter, you expected to get a little bit better on what we saw on third. Why is that? Is that something to do with your retail partner or is that something more in the market?
John Sznewajs: I think, Keith, it's just continued progress in the trends that we've been seeing. As you might expect, in Q2, we saw a lot of pullback on consumers not allowing paint contractors to come in their homes, and we've seen a steady improvement since Q2, and actually through Q3, we saw sequential improvement each month through the quarter in our PRO paint sales. And so, based on what we're experiencing, we think that, that trend could continue here as we go into Q4.
Keith Hughes: Okay.
Keith Allman: A lot of variabilities there, Keith. What happens to the virus and what happens to the consumer psyche as it relates to pros being allowed in your home, the fact that in the late year, it moves more towards interior. So there is a lot of variables that we have to think about.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut of JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and congrats on the results.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Michael Rehaut: First question, I just wanted to circle back a little bit to understanding some of the sequential trends that you're expecting in the businesses on the top line, on the sales side in Plumbing and Decorative. And when you think about the expected, still very strong growth rates, but a little bit of a detail in Plumbing from roughly 13% to 8% to 9%. Just trying to get a sense of what's driving that if all of that is perhaps the absence of the inventory restocking that you referred to earlier or if there's other things at hand? And similarly, in Decorative, I believe you had said earlier that you observed relatively consistent trends during 3Q. So again, just trying to understand the decel into 4Q. And I know, John, you had referred to somewhat of a tougher comp, but I'm also looking at 3Q 2019 growing at 5%, 6% in 4Q 2019, down 3%. So I just wanted to try and better understand what's driving that as well.
John Sznewajs: Yeah, Mike, as you think about the transition of the growth from Q3, you feel that sequential. First of all, we had extremely strong demand in Q3 which drove really good results. We - and as you said, we expect demand to continue to be good as we go into Q4. But as you know, forecasting in this current environment is a little bit of a challenge. And it's hard to say what impact the virus might have on our Q4 results. And there may be a little bit of a dose of conservatism in that guide as we're trying to dial things into the third quarter - or the fourth quarter, I should say. So from our perspective, we had 12% growth in Plumbing in the third quarter. We're looking at 8% to 10% growth. I don't view that as significant deceleration as we go into to the fourth quarter. That said, third quarter did have some inventory restocking in it. And so we're probably thinking that there's probably a little less inventory restocking as we go into Q4. We'll see how that plays out. On the Decorative Architectural side, to the point you made in your question, the pull forward definitely has an impact we think, on our Q4 revenue growth rates because we're currently not expecting that type of activity to recur here in the fourth quarter of 2020. I'd also say that Liberty Hardware, which is a smaller - one of the smaller businesses in the segment had a terrific quarter, full stop. I mean they had a really, really strong quarter. And as we go - and they also had a load-in here in the third quarter due to a program win they had at one of their retail customers. And so we don't expect that activity to recur. And similarly to the Plumbing segment, Mike, we talked about a little bit of inventory restocking in Q3. We don't expect that same level of inventory restocking to take place in Q4. So as we pull it all together, yes, the transition or the growth rates from Q3 to Q4 are a little bit more muted in Q4. That said we think 8% to 10% growth in this environment is still quite strong and translates with 150 basis points of margin expansion that we think represents a very good quarter.
Michael Rehaut: Absolutely, and appreciate that. Thank you. I guess, secondly, on the margin side, obviously, it's great to see the reinvestment in the business. And when you're talking about the margins that you're generating, that strategy makes perfect sense in terms of trying to maintain those high margins and reinvest for the top-line. Obviously, that's baked into your 4Q guidance. How should we think about 2021 in this regard? And when Keith, you had talked about before perhaps being able to maintain a margin above your long-term targets, is that with reinvestment spend kind of kicking up? Or how do you see that factor impacting profitability? Is that something where it could be a 50 or 100 bps type of investment or the levels could still stay above those long-term targets with a higher reinvestment rate?
John Sznewajs: My comment - again, it's too early to call 2021, and we'll talk more about that next quarter. We do expect growth in 2021. We think that the fundamentals of the consumer when you look at what really drives our business, that is it's configured now, it significantly swings on home price appreciation, housing turnover. And if you look at those numbers, we're looking at, let's call it, 5% home price appreciation and $6.5 million of existing home sales. So those are big numbers. Now those aren't sustainable numbers, but that certainly gives us a lot of confidence going into 2021. So we - my comments about continuing to grow and driving margin expansion, we all - that's how we think here. We always want to grow above market. And we want to continue to expand margins. So, our increased investments were factored into my thinking and my comments that I made there. Now I will say that when you think about, the optimum spend for value creation, I'm not going to sit here and say that, 16.5% SG&A is the optimum. It's more than that. And we're going to continue to drive long-term, mid-and long-term value creation. So there will be an increase in SG& A. It's not sustainable at 16.5%, because that's not the right thing to do to drive value creation. So, we're going to increase those investments. But we also are very carefully watching these cost reduction levers we have. And how much we increase, because we don't know, no one knows, what's - where this virus is going to go over the coming months. But as we learn more, we're going to maintain our commitment to the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim of Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: Thanks very much guys. Yeah, I had two questions for you, both kind of related to the virus, because you're giving a lot of good information in other areas. And obviously, I'm not asking you to predict the future. But if we take it from a negative perspective, I'm curious as to, what you think - what you're anticipating the effects might be on your business, if we were to go through another way but shutdowns, kind of like we did earlier on? I would imagine, it's going to be a little bit different this time. And you talked about some differences between, the US and Europe, in the terms of the way that we handled its first time. What do you imagine - how do you imagine the effects may be a little different, in particular, as it relates to your business? I'm thinking - do you think inventories would hold more stable through a shutdown wave, for instance? And are there other impacts that are important for us to consider for your business, if we were to tighten up again?
Keith Allman: That's a crystal ball kind of question. And I wish I had one. The way we think about what could happen, either positive or negative, it kind of turns on a couple of things. One is the discretionary spend. So is the discretionary spend of the consumer going to continue to be, at a rather high level now, as it relates to reduction in spend in other areas, like entertainment and going out, et cetera. And what could potentially happen, if there was a reduction or no stimulus if the virus got worse, those sorts of more downside scenarios. So where does the discretionary spend go? Is there more or less discretionary spend? Then the second component is what share of wallet of the consumer is going to be spent on the home? Obviously, we've seen a significant spike in that share of wallet, being spent on the home. And will that continue. I don't think it's probably prudent to think that, this is going to stay, at these elevated levels in perpetuity. Probably would revert back to the mean. But at the same time, we do believe that there has been some structural changes, to the DIY market. And we talked about last quarter some of our own research, and I've certainly talked to other people in the industry and our channel partners in terms of some of their research, and you simply can't deny that the millennials have entered in and entered in big into DIY. And that is earlier than we expected. We expected it, but it's earlier. So that could represent a structural expanding of the DIY pie, if you will. So don't have a crystal ball answer for you, but those are three things that we're thinking about as we evaluate positive and potentially negative scenarios.
John Sznewajs: And Stephen, I guess, maybe my own color on that. I mean, I think, like Keith said, I think consumer demand will be there. I mean, as we saw what happened in the spring as we worked through the pandemic, the consumer was there and they were spending and they were investing in their home. And like Keith said, given the trends that we're seeing and given the research that we've seen, we think consumer demand will be there. The thing that we've got to keep our eye on, like because we're still contending with our Watkins operation is what happens to production, and if the shutdown affects any of our facilities. And so that's the one thing we've got to keep in the back of our mind as well.
Stephen Kim: Yeah. Thanks. Fair point. Next question relates - actually, it's kind of a flip scenario. Let's say, sometime in the next foreseeable future, we actually get a vaccine and we get a more rapid reopening or reopening that's on a more rapid side, let's say, a more positive like bullish outcome. One of the foreseeable things that a lot of folks are talking about now for your business, and of course, you've addressed it before, is that you might see a slowdown in DIY paint, because you had a little bit of pull forward, maybe. And so in particular, I suppose, with Dec Arc, I'm curious if you could address what areas you think you might - are there areas where you're doing some contingency planning today ahead of a potential slowdown in the event of a vaccine? And what are the operational challenges that you could reasonably foresee? And what would your action plan look like? I'm not asking for a lot of specifics here, but just generally, what are the areas of your business that you're anticipating you may need to pull a lever for? If you could give us some insight into how you're thinking about that.
Keith Allman: I think it would probably be mainly on discretionary spending. I really wouldn't see significant structural cost reductions. When you think about where our brick-and-mortar capacity is and how it's lined up, we're in pretty good shape there. We had good utilization going into the pandemic, and we have outstanding utilization now. So I think on the upside scenario, we could see a potential investment and some capacity down the road. We obviously work very hard to get more out of the assets that we have, do better with what we have sort of thing in terms of efficiency and how we use our assets. And then the downside, we would flex down on the discretionary. It's kind of how I would see it.
John Sznewajs: Yeah, Stephen, maybe the way I would approach it is, we've got a great investment in our Pro franchise. And if a vaccine to your little description were to come true or come through faster, I think we could double down on our pro investment and grow that business faster than we've been growing it in the last several years. I mean we've experienced double-digit growth in our PRO paint business historically. And if the consumer decides not to paint their homes anymore and they want PROs to do it, we'll be right there with our channel partner to meet that demand. So I think that's the way I would position a business going forward, if your scenario were to emerge.
Stephen Kim: Great. Thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois of Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to follow-up on the comment you just made just around capacity. Just with the step-up in demand, and it sounds like there's a pretty solid outlook into 2021. And how far away are you from having to perhaps add some capacity, whether it's in plumbing or paint?
Keith Allman: We've been - I'll talk first, maybe Keith can add some color afterwards. So our team have done a great job of driving efficiency within our facilities such that, Garik, we don't need to add any brick-and-mortar capacity in the near term. We are - as Keith mentioned earlier, we are investing a little bit - 1 gallon capacity in the pain side because that's where the demand has been the strongest over the course of the last couple of quarters. That said, if demand continues to go at the current pace at it is, I would estimate that we might need to expand some of our facilities probably in the 2022 or 2023 time frame. It's not going to definitely be a 2021 investment. But that might be the soonest that we have to do it. We'll have to see how the demand plays out over the course of the next couple of quarters.
Garik Shmois: Okay. And just had a quick question on Plumbing. You called out good growth across the board, retail e-commerce. It sounded particularly bullish just on what you're seeing in trade in August and September. So just kind of wondering what is driving the acceleration in the trade channel? And what the outlook is there? Thanks and congratulations.
Keith Allman: I think consumers were becoming more comfortable and feeling more safe to go into plumbing showrooms than to go into those areas of the trade channel that they really shut down for a while - literally shutdown and then we shut down in the sense of not being comfortable going in them. So I think the consumer engaging with that part of the channel as it relates to showrooms was a big plus. And we're very strong in the showroom. So that set right into our sweet spot. So I think that was a big component of it all. So to a degree, the consumer is a little bit more comfortable with having plumbers in their home, and there's a component of repair where when something like that breaks, it has to be fixed. So whether it's a washer or dryer or in our case, a faucet or a shower system. So I think those are the dynamics that drove the trade.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs of Baird.
Tim Wojs: Hi, guys. Nice job. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just had one question really about promotions and - just curious kind of what you're hearing as your customers think about 2021 around promotions at this point? Do you think things revert back to maybe a normal promotional type environment? Or do you think there's some incremental kind of investment or catch-up investment that your customers might ask maybe next year?
Keith Allman: Tim, it's a time of year where we're typically working through the promotional cadence for the subsequent year. And as we think about it right now, and it's - promotional cadence is driven by our retail partners. We don't necessarily try that. We work with them and how our participation will play out. But our guess at this point is they're going to be thoughtful about it like they were this year to the extent that the virus is more muted. I would - to your point, I would expect to see a more normal cadence of promotional activity to the extent that there's a more aggressive virus out there and they want to limit consumers going into their stores, they may pull back on that. So it's hard to determine right now exactly how it's going to play out for 2021. But we're going to work very closely with our channel partners to figure out how we can best and most effectively participate in whatever promotions they decide to run.
Tim Wojs: Okay. Okay, great, good luck. See you guys. Thanks.
Keith Allman: Okay. Operator, is there one more question?
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our final question will come from line of Phil Ng of Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hey guys. John thanks for the squeezing me in here. Just one, really quick one, good to see propane recover, when we look out to 2021, you've got some pretty tough comps, on the DIY side. So I'm just curious, do you have enough momentum on the pro side in Kichler? Or maybe we have just stronger growth across the board in DIY, where you see Deco actually being up next year from a growth standpoint?
Keith Allman: Phil, Keith here. It's too early to call '21. As I said, we do expect growth in 2021. And we have a strong consumer. We have a strong brand. We have the best service. When you talk about our DIY paint, we have a great channel partner. So we would, and we always do, invest and drive our teams for growth. And that's how we're thinking about it.
Phil Ng: Thanks a lot Keith.
Keith Allman: Okay. Thank you, Phil.
Keith Allman: Thank you to everyone for participating in the call. I really appreciate it. Please stay safe. And we will talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Masco Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. My name is Beverlin, and I will be your operator for todays call. As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you Beverlin, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2020 Second Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Mascos Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we cant take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risk and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope you and your families and loved ones are healthy and safe. This is certainly a difficult time for all of us. Despite the numerous challenges created by the COVID-19 pandemic, I'm proud that the Masco team has demonstrated support for one another, support for our customers and support for the thousands of communities we serve. Our team has risen to the challenge, and I'm grateful for their dedication.  Similar to the responsiveness that Masco has shown throughout the pandemic, we're not standing on the sidelines in the fight against racial injustice and inequality. We're concerned about systemic racism, passionate about creating lasting change, and committed to doing our part. Over the last five years, our enterprise-wide diversity and inclusion strategy has included actions within our company and our communities. We fully recognize that we have more work to do. But we've laid a solid foundation that will enable us to accelerate progress in the future. At Masco, we are committed to creating an environment where all employees are included, all employees are treated with dignity and respect, and all employees have an opportunity -- an equal opportunity to thrive. Now, turning to our quarterly results. Please refer to slide four. We executed extremely well in the second quarter and demand for our products improved as restrictions on production eased and our distribution channels reopened. This strong demand resulted in a record sales quarter for our paint business and along with our focus on cost control resulted in better than expected decrimental margins in our Plumbing segment and strong incremental margins in our Decorative segment. Combined, sales for the quarter decreased 3% excluding the impact of currency, significantly outperforming our expectations. Operating decrease just $5 million, while operating margins expanded 50 basis points to 19.5%. Net income from continuing operations increased 3%, and earnings per share grew 14% to $0.84 per share, highlighting the strength of our capital allocation and portfolio move. Turning to our segments, excluding currency, Plumbing sales declined 13%. Sales varied widely across our businesses in Plumbing, mainly driven by the extent of production facility and distribution closures. Our spa business experienced the largest sales decline in the segment due to facility closures. However, production resumed quicker than expected during the quarter, and we were able to achieve a sales decline of less than half of what we originally forecasted in this business. We continue to see record levels of demand and backlog for our spas, which speaks to our industry-leading brands and to the desire of consumers to enhance their at-home living experience. Our international Plumbing business saw significant improvement throughout the quarter. Germany, our largest market, saw positive sales growth in June, while other European countries, such as the U.K. and Italy, have been slower to reopen. Our North American Plumbing business also saw significant improvement throughout the quarter, with Delta achieving a record sales month in June, with strong strength in its trade, retail and e-commerce channels of distribution. Our stronger than anticipated sales performance in Plumbing, together with our disciplined cost control resulted in decrimental margins of 28%, significantly better than expected. In our Decorative Architectural segment, extremely strong paint volume drove both top and bottom line performance. DIY sales were up high teens for the quarter and even stronger in May and June. Sales declined low double-digits for the quarter, but we did see notable improvement in June. With our leading Behr brand, we are well-positioned to continue to capitalize on the strength of the DIY market, and we remain committed to invest, along with our partner the Home Depot in the large pro opportunity. As we discussed last quarter, we are in dynamic and uncertain times and accurately predicting the depth and duration of the impact of this pandemic is difficult at best. While we have withdrawn our full year guidance, here's how we are currently thinking about our expected third quarter performance. We anticipate third quarter, excluding currency to be in the range of flat to up 10%, with Plumbing sales in the range of down 5% to up 5%, and Decorative Architectural sales growth to be in the range of 17 -- excuse me -- 7% to 17%. Third quarter operating margins for both the company and each of our segments are expected to be similar to last year. Importantly, this outlook assumes no further shutdowns of facilities or points of distribution, which is obviously a concern as COVID cases spike in many parts of the country. While the third quarter appears to be robust based on the demand we are seeing and the backlog for our products, we have concerns that demand could lessen in the fourth quarter, if government stimulus reduces and if the economic impact of the pandemic worsens. Additionally, while we were focused on short-term cost control during this pandemic, we remain committed to driving long-term growth, and we will continue to invest in brand, innovation and service to ensure we win in the recovery. Lastly, I'd like to update you on our current thoughts on capital allocation. We have suspended our share repurchase activity indefinitely due to the uncertainty of the current environment. I'll remind you that we repurchased approximately $600 million of our shares prior to suspending our activity at an average price of $39.30 per share. There is no change to our thoughts on M&A. We remain active in the M&A market and have the balance sheet and liquidity to execute transactions during these uncertain times. Lastly, expressing confidence in our future prospects and the strength of our balance sheet. Our Board announced its intention to raise our annual dividend by 4% to $0.56 per share beginning in the fourth quarter. This marks our seventh consecutive year of an annual dividend increase. With that, I'll now turn it over to John for additional detail on our second quarter results. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning the slide six. Sales decreased 4% and 3% excluding currency. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted our second quarter revenue by approximately $13 million. In local currency, North American sales in the second quarter matched prior year. This performance was mainly due to lower volumes in our Plumbing business, which were offset by strong volume growth in our DIY paint business. In local currency, international sales decreased 17% in the quarter, driven by lower volumes. Gross margins was 35.8% down, 90 basis points. Our SG&A as the percent of sales decreased 140 basis points to 16.3% as a result of our focus cost containment in the quarter. We do, however, expect a portion of these costs to come back and impact the remainder of the year as demand improves. These costs are related to investments in advertising to further strengthen our brands, displays, support new program wins and additional funding to advance our e-commerce initiatives in the continued rapid growth of this channel. Operating income was $344 million in the quarter, down $5 million from last year. The operating margins expanding 50 basis points to 19.5% despite lower volumes. Our EPS was $0.84 in the quarter, an increase of 14% compared to the second quarter of 2019. While we do not normally provide monthly sales trends, in this environment we thought it would be helpful for you to understand the improvement we saw throughout the quarter. April was the low point, the sales down 22% due to numerous restrictions. Improving to down only 3% in May and turning to growth of 14% in June, the restrictions were eased and some of the pent-up demand was fulfilled. We anticipate continued solid demand in the third quarter, with sales expectations, excluding currency of approximately flat to 10% growth as this pent-up demand continues to get fulfilled with operating margins, similar to Q3 of 2019. Many uncertainties remain that can impact these results, such as the effect of government stimulus programs and the impact of virus on the overall health of the economy and consumer. Additionally, it is important to note that our expectations for Q3 assumes no further closures of our manufacturing plants or points of distribution related to COVID-19. Turning to slide seven. Plumbing decreased 13%, excluding the impact of currency, but improve sequentially during the quarter, with June sales up high single digits, resulting in better than expected segment performance. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted the segment sales by approximately $10 million in the quarter. North American sales decreased 11% in local currency. A solid growth in our retail and e-commerce channels was more than offset by declines in our wholesale and specialty dealer channels. The trade channel was more impacted by the closure of wholesale locations and plumbing showrooms. However, we saw a significant improvement and positive sales growth in the trade channel in the month of June. Our Delta sales in the quarter were down low single digit. We recover exceptionally well from a significant decline in April to a record sales month in June. North American sales in the quarter were also unfavorably impacted by approximately 7% as a result of facility closures at our spa business in California and Mexico due to government orders. Spa manufacturing did ramp up in May and June as restrictions were ease. However, Watkins continues to operate at less than 100% capacity due to ongoing employee limitations and labor constraints in our facilities, which we expect to continue throughout out the third quarter. International Plumbing sales decreased 17% in local currency. Hansgrohe experienced a low single digit decline in the quarter in its home market of Germany. However, sales improved in June with mid single-digit growth. Hansgrohe saw larger declines in the quarter in other European markets, including the U.K., France, Spain and Italy due to a slower easing of restrictions in those countries. Sales in China also declined low single digits for the quarter, a significant improvement from the approximately 20% decline experienced in the first quarter. Operating profit in the quarter was $159 million, and margins were 18.3%. Our decremental margin of 28% was better than expected due to improved volumes and solid execution on cost containment. In terms of monthly sales trends, Plumbing sales were down in April 33%, improved to down 17% in May, and rebounded to 8% growth in June. Turning to the third quarter. We expect sales, excluding currency, to be in the range of down 5% to up 5% as we currently see good demand for our products in North America, while international demand remains slower to recover. We anticipate margins will be similar to prior year margins of 18.7%. Turning to slide eight. Decorative Architectural grew 8% for the quarter. The strong performance was driven by low double-digit growth for our paint business with high teens growth in DIY paint, partially offset by low double-digit decline in pro paint, resulting in a record sales quarter for Behr. Our outstanding DIY paint results benefited from the continued resurgence in DIY painting. While it is still too early to call this a trend, we remained well-positioned with Behr's compelling quality and value proposition to capitalize on shifts in consumer behavior. While pro paint demand declined in the second quarter, we saw sequential improvement within the quarter, with June sales down only low single digits. Our builders hardware business also experienced growth in the quarter, driven by solid performance in their retail in e-commerce channels. Growth was partially offset by lower sales in our lighting business. As we mentioned on our first quarter earnings call, lighting sales were impacted by the loss as a portion of a private label program and inventory rebalancing it a customer, but results were better than anticipated. Sales were also negatively impacted by the closure of lighting showrooms due to state shelter-in-place orders. Lighting sales improve sequentially in the quarter, with year-over-year sales growth in June. Operating profit increase in the quarter by 17%, driven by incremental volume and focused cost containment, such as reduced marketing and advertising spending. In terms of monthly sales, Decorative sales were down approximately 9% in April, but were up 13% in May, and up an outstanding 23% in June. Turning to the third quarter. We expect the strong demand for paint to continue in anticipate segment sales growth to be in the range of 7% to 17%, and margins to approximately prior year margins of 18.9%. We also anticipate higher investment in the third quarter in advertising and marketing in the segment, and additional display expense in our builders hardware business related to a program win at a retail customer. And turning to slide nine. Our balance sheet remains very strong, with net debt to EBITDA at 1.3 times as we ended the quarter with approximately $2.1 billion of balance sheet liquidity, which includes full availability of our $1 billion revolver. Note that our quarter-end cash balance includes a $200 million benefit due to the deferral of taxes on the sale of our cabinetry business. This tax was paid on July 15. Working capital as a percent of sales was improved 50 basis points versus prior year to 18.1% due to lower inventory levels and an improvement in accounts payable. Lastly, during the second quarter, we received 2.3 million shares at no additional cost to complete our $350 million accelerated share repurchase agreement, and average share price of $36.62. As Keith mentioned, our share buyback activity remained suspended therefore, we continue to estimate our 2020 average diluted share count will be approximately 266 million shares. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. The COVID-19 pandemic may have lasting structural effects on the economy, consumer behavior and homeownership, all of which we will continue to assess. There could be increased interest in single-family housing with more space in the house and more distance from neighbors. Increased remote working could lead to higher remodeling spending. Homeowners may take on more do-it-yourself projects, especially easy-to-do projects, such as painting as opposed to having other people in their homes. And record low mortgage rates and lack of supply could lead to home price appreciation, which historically has a strong correlation with our sales. All of these factors bode well for our lower ticket repair and remodel products.  The changes we have made to Masco over the past few years, our culture of execution and our commitment to continue to invest in brand, innovation and service to support our customers, positions us well to drive long-term growth and value creation. With that, I'll now open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley of Barclays Capital.
Matthew Bouley: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Hope, everyone is doing well. I guess, I wanted to start perhaps on the sales guidance for Q3. It's a relatively wide range. And thanks for all the details around the monthly cadence. But I'd be curious if you could give some color on sort of the starting point for the quarter, and how July trended in both segments? And kind of what's keeping you a little more conservative on providing such a large range there? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Matthew, July was strong for us. And we are starting off the quarter confidently. However, when we think about the large range, I think, it's clear that there is volatility and variability as we look forward in terms of what can happen with the consumer. And that's fundamentally what's drived -- what's driven our thinking as it relates to the range on possible top line.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Understood. And secondly, just on DIY paint specifically. Obviously, very strong results and it seems like it's going to continue strong through the summer months at least. And I hear you on making some investments there into Q3. What are you doing, or what's kind of the intent around share through this? Is there an ability to kind of maintain or even -- or really grow your market share, while this underlying demand is the strong? Or does it make more sense to kind of limit the promotional investment and sort of ride the underlying wave there? Thank you.
Keith Allman: No question. There's an opportunity to gain share and we're doing just that. A significant change as we look at the performance from a demand perspective, DIY related to pro. And when you overlay that with our strong position with the leading DIY brand, we most definitely are gaining share here, and that's our intent to continue to do that. We -- as we've talked about consistently, Matthew, our focus has been on three things. Number one, is the safety of our employees, full stop. That's our focus. Number two, is to make sure we're ensuring business continuity and keeping a close eye on our liquidity and we have very strong liquidity as a result of the strong cash flow of our portfolio. So, that's strong. And number three, consistently we've talked about winning in the recovery. And part of that winning in the recovery is making sure that we're investing appropriately in brand and innovation. John talked a little bit about some new displays, particularly in this Decorative Architectural segment that we'll also be spending in. So, it's a judgment call. And it's a feel, if you will. But we are committed to ensuring that we spend appropriately to win in the recovery. And that's how we're thinking about it.
Matthew Bouley: Thanks, Keith. Congrats on results.
Keith Allman: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim of Evercore.
Stephen Kim: Yeah. Thanks very much, guys. Good quarter. I wanted to ask you a little bit about what you're seeing in the U.S. with respect to inventory levels and restocking. Wondering if it's happening yet, how long could it last? And I'd imagine that would probably be more impactful in maybe your wholesale/specialty dealer channel. Just want to confirm, was that like down as much as high teens in second quarter?
Keith Allman: I'm sorry, Steven. I didn't hear that last portion of your question.
Stephen Kim: I'm sorry. The wholesale and specialty dealer channel was in Plumbing, was that down as much as high teens in 2Q?
John Sznewajs: Yeah. Steven, it's John. No. I would say no. Actually -- a couple of points I like. Sell-through has been very good. It is probably better than sell-in across our channels. And we've seen -- once we saw the trade channel start to reopen, we saw a very good sales trends there. And so no. Our sales were not down -- the teams that you described, it was less than that.
Keith Allman: In terms of inventory, Steven, it really varies a lot business-to-business. As you know, we had some shutdowns in Q1, driven by government orders that certainly put a dent in our inventory levels as consumers continue to buy our products. And paint, for example, we're seeing an unprecedented amount of demand, particularly demand for the one gallon DIY friendly containers. So, there were some inventory fluctuations both from a business-to-business perspective, as well as within our businesses. But our facilities are ramping production back up. We're catching up on that backlog. And we believe we're in a good position to serve our customers as we go in here through the summer months.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Great. Thanks for that. Just to clarify, so are you saying that you feel like in 3Q, you can pretty much catch-up on whatever destocking occurred? Or do you think that this is something that we're going to be talking about through 4Q or even further?
Keith Allman: No. I think we're going to catch-up.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo of Bank of America.
John Lovallo: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. First one, maybe I'll just try Matt's question one more time. The June sales trend is obviously very strong, plus 14%. I mean, would you say July was comparable to that at least on a year-over-year basis?
John Sznewajs: Yeah. John, I think it was -- yeah, I think it's very similar. Yeah.
John Lovallo: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just turning to SG&A. The $39 million or so pulled out on a year-over-year basis is very significant. And I know you guys talked about some investment in displays and e-commerce and so forth. How should we think about absolute dollars of SG&A on a year-over-year basis in 3Q and 4Q? I mean, will they actually be down on a year-over-year basis, or do you think those trends upwards again?
John Sznewajs: I don't think they will be down year-over-year. I'm sorry, there'll be -- I'm sorry. I think, SG&A year-over-year, John, we'll have some additional investment that we're going to make in the things that we described, like advertising, some headcount coming back in. And as you might expect we really pulled back on headcount. We had a hiring freeze. We have wage freezes across the enterprise as we came in the second quarter. And as demand has come back, we're starting to look at putting some of those things back into the system. One of the things that goes through SG&A, as Keith mentioned, and I mentioned in my prepared remarks that some of the displays that will be going into to support Liberty in the program win that they had at retail. So, I think, we'll have some additional investments. Some advertising that we pulled back on pretty significantly will come back in the third quarter. So, I think, overall, I think, we'll be in good shape. I can tell you we are monitoring this very, very closely. And to the extent that we see any changes, we'll be very quick to react on our SG&A spend.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut of JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning everyone and congrats on all the hard work. Just -- again, kind of zeroing in on 3Q a little bit. And number one, I appreciate the additional color around July. If you're talking about the high end of the 3Q range being a few points below June and maybe July, are you seeing anything in your order book or anything from -- in terms of like a forward look into the last two months that puts you -- maybe 10 points at a midpoint below, what you're seeing in July? And then, I guess also on the operating margin side. When you look at operating margins being similar to a year ago, but down a bit sequentially, how much of that is maybe the coming back of some of those temporary cost measures, holding back on some advertising and other types of spend? How much of that is a function of some of those costs coming back rather than perhaps just seasonality?
Keith Allman: Well, certainly, seasonality is a part of that. If you look, Mike, at paint, Q2 is our heftiest quarter. And then it backs off a little bit in Q3. So, there's an element of seasonality when you look at volume, particularly in paint. The biggest driver would be costs that we are planning to put back into this business when we look at Q3. And I think we had a keen focus on business continuity, as I mentioned, in liquidity, and we did not know what this pandemic was going to deal with us in terms of overall demand. So, we were cautious. And we -- I think, it's favorable that we were able to demonstrate that we do have the levers to be able to control our spend, because this is an unpredictable environment. So, we're balancing that spend control with investment to win in the recovery. And we feel where we sit today that it's appropriate for us to start to layer that investment back in. We've talked about program wins and the displays, the costs that we need to put in to support that program. That's a good thing. We're going to continue to drive advertising, promotions those sorts of things in terms of continuing to build our brand and continuing to take share in this recovery. We also admittedly have some increased costs as we look into the third quarter, as it relates to hiring costs, over time, there will be a little bit of premium freight as we're continuing to smooth out our supply chain. So, when you roll all those in and you look at that variability, that's why we're making the call for Q3 margins to be similar to last year.
Michael Rehaut: And then, just on the sales question, again. I appreciate it.
John Sznewajs: On the order book, what are we seeing?
Keith Allman: We have a real solid order book. And we have -- as John mentioned, the sell-through has been very strong, stronger than the sell-in. So, we have some ability for us to continue to put some inventory back into the channel, and our order book is strong.
Michael Rehaut: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener of KeyBanc.
Ken Zener: Hello, everyone.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Ken.
John Sznewajs: Good morning. 
Ken Zener: What a quarter? Focused on Plumbing, I have two parts. First, what is the Plumbing SKU mix you're seeing? So, kind of rough gross fittings -- focused on the U.S. and then kind of the thoughts about if retail is picking up a lot of traffic from the trade. So, I mean, Stanley talked about record retail. So, are we just seeing people going to retail and it wasn't so bad in the trade? And then also just between the rough trends in the U.S. and fittings, is the first question.
Keith Allman: I think, generally speaking, the rough tends to have a little bit more new construction component to it than finish. As you can certainly do a remodel or -- repair and remodel job with a faucet, et cetera, versus going under the deck and working with stops or working with rough plumbing. So, there was a little bit of a tougher impact on rough as it relates to the temporary shift we saw earlier in the quarter away from new construction. Now, we're starting to see that build in the last month of June in the quarter, as it relates to rough. But to answer your question, I would say that finish fared a little bit better than rough for that demand mix. In terms of retail versus wholesale, I think a pretty consistent story to what us and others have been saying. When you have points of sale and points of distribution closed i.e. plumbing showrooms, that volume goes down. So, there was a shift to retail, a shift to e-commerce that we saw in the first, call it, two months of the quarter. And then, in June, we're seeing that start to come back. And we're seeing actually some very nice traction in showrooms as people are starting to interface with that channel more as they're reopened.
Ken Zener: And is there a big difference in the consumer behavior in Plumbing specifically in the U.S. versus Europe? If you could kind of contrast that if it might offer some insight? Thank you.
Keith Allman: I don't know that I'd say so much that it is consumer behavior so much. We really haven't seen that. And the best way to tell that really is to look at channels of -- and traffic and channels and look at mix. Really, what we're seeing, I would say, broadly speaking is that Europe has been slower to recover than our recovery here in the United States. And that may say something about our infection rates here in the United States versus Europe, frankly. But it's been a little slower in Europe. You look at the U.K. Just thinking here, Spain, Italy, I would say those countries approach to -- reopening has been significantly less aggressive than the United States. And that's where I would say there's a difference more so than say consumer behavior.
Ken Zener: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl of RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions, and that's quite good quarter against such a fluid backdrop. First question, I had just on Deck Arc and paint specifically. You kind of commented that pro paint got back to down low single digits in June. If I -- if we think about that business being I think roughly 20% of the total coating segment. It sounds like that was maybe like a two point drag in the quarter based on the overall trends. So, when you're looking at the guide for 3Q, up 7% to 17%. Any thoughts on just like how to frame what pro paint expectations are, and how much that could either contribute or continue to drag on the segment results?
John Sznewajs: Yeah. Mike, so, first of all, the pro business is about 25% of our paint sales. And as we look forward to Q3, we expect it to be just modest growth from here on. I mean, we don't expect significant -- slight improvement from where we're at today, but not a significant improvement is what we're counting on -- in the third quarter.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Got it. And then the second question just back on margins. I appreciate the -- certainly, the investment and some of the cost returning at the same time, if at the midpoint or back in a growth environment. And you normally lever on that and at least in Plumbing, not sure about on Deck Arc, but in Plumbing, you may also have some cost tailwinds from raw mats potentially. Is the reason for flat margins than overall? Just is it timing of when these investments come through on a year-on-year basis? Or is it -- I guess, trying to think about how to frame whether the investments are significantly larger in general, or whether it's truly just kind of catch-up from deferred 2Q into 3Q, so a little more stacked year-on-year than you'd normally be?
John Sznewajs: Yeah. Mike, I'd say it's more of the latter part. It's more just kind of a catch-up from some of the Q2 spend that we did not incur. And across all segments, it's pretty much the same story that we're putting the other displays for the builders hardware business. A lot of the investment that we're putting back into the business, as Keith mentioned a couple of minutes ago, it's similar, right? We're reinvesting in some of the headcount, because we're slowly loosening the headcount freeze that we had or the hiring freeze that we had on. We are starting to reinvest in the brands appropriately. We're not trying to get too far out there. But we think appropriate investment in the brand makes sense at this point to continue to support our brands and the brands with our retail partners. In terms of price cost, I'd say, as you think about the commodity basket that we're seeing, Mike, now -- break that apart, I guess, into the two segments. Zinc has been relatively flat, maybe up a touch. Copper has risen in the last month or so. And so, today, it's above where it was a year ago. So that could be potentially a little bit of a headwind in the future. Recall that, it takes about two quarters for raw material deflation to flow-through and hit our P&L. So, maybe a little bit of the tailwind that we'll enjoy on the commodity side will help offset some of the tariff impact. And we'll continue to feel as we go into the second half of the year on the Plumbing side of the business. Then if you turn into the -- and look at the raw material basket on the Decorative Architectural side, our TiO2 has been relatively stable through the year, and we expect it to be -- continue to be stable through really the balance of the year. The one area that we have seen a little bit of easing is on resins. And we do -- we are seeing a little bit of potential for that to maybe Q2 to be the bottom of that and to see a little bit of inflation as we go into the last half of the year. So, there's the potential for some price cost headwinds in the second half of the year on the Decorative Architectural side.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thanks. Thats really helpful.
John Sznewajs: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari of Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning. My first question is a bit higher level. It feels like from your commentary that what we've been seeing over the last couple of months is that some of the mix shift that we historically see in recessionary periods really has not come together to the same extent. Do you think that that's accurate? And I guess, how are you thinking about mix shift going forward and the sustainability of some of the trends that we've seen?
Keith Allman: I think, Susan, that is an accurate statement. In terms of the mix shift that maybe you would say is typical of, let's say, a recession that we haven't seen. And there's several different theories on why that is, perhaps is more affluent customers that would buy the higher level mix, haven't really been affected in terms of unemployment or haven't been affected by the pandemic so far. So, that's an aspect of it. But we are seeing good high quality mix at that high level and we're seeing it across our segments. We talked about record backlog in our spa business, and that's a high dollar discretionary purchase. And we have a very solid demand. So, I think that's a fair statement. In terms of where we think mix will go as we look through the rest of the year, we really don't think it's going to be much of a factor. We had a little, call it, channel mix early on in the quarter as retail was stronger than trade. And we have a little bit of a mix headwind in Europe as that economy has yet to really pullback through, but we anticipate that when we look at the full year impact that really isn't going to be that material as it relates to mix.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. Keith in your comments you talked about capital allocation. And it sounds like the M&A pipeline is perhaps ticked up a little bit for you. Can you just give us a little more color on what you are seeing there? And how you are thinking about perhaps M&A relative to shareholder returns and that kind of breakdown?
Keith Allman: The pipeline has really been about the same. We continue to work and to drive it. We have interesting targets. I think, probably in this type of an environment, there's less of a willingness to sell, clearly. But we're still talking to people. So, I wouldn't expect much activity or much difference in terms of how we think about M&A and shareholder return, and how that fits into our capital allocation. As I talked about, really no change. Our capital allocation strategy is to fund the good idea of our businesses and to support our core business, first and foremost. And we're going to maintain a respectable and healthy dividend and continue to grow that dividend. And then as it relates to share buybacks and M&A or acquisitions, we're going to be patient. And I think, we've demonstrated that. And we will take advantage of episodic times to buy our stock a little bit more heavily as we have in the past. And we'll also be patient and make sure that our M&A targets, our shareholder value creating and that there -- by and large, we're looking at bolt-on to our existing segments. And that hasn't changed.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Great. Thank you. Good luck.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seldon Clarke of Deutsche Bank.
Seldon Clarke: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. What's the right way to think about either incrementals or decrementals in either Plunging or Decorative if sales come in at the -- either book end of your guidance? Are there -- I know you talked about some temporary costs. But would those scale with revenue growth, if you come in Decorative, for example, at the higher end of the 7% to 17% range? Or should the fixed cost base stay fairly consistent?
John Sznewajs: Yeah. Seldon, I would tell you that our incrementals really haven't changed much. Overall, from a company perspective, we're in that 30% to 35% range. The Plumbing segment, should be an approximately that same range 30% to 35%, the Decorative Architectural segment will be a little bit less than that, closer to the 25% to 30% range. So, that should reflect some good leverage of our fixed cost. But really no significant change from what we've experienced historically.
Seldon Clarke: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a couple of quick ones on the spa business. First is just how much seasonality is there in that business? And you talked about seeing a significant amount of pent-up demand. But did you lose any market share in the second quarter, or all the major manufacturers constrained from a production standpoint?
Keith Allman: When you look at the industry, everybody is constrained at this point. So, you're right on that assertion for sure. There's no question about it. In terms of seasonality, typically, this is a very seasonal business. However, with our strong order book and our backlog, we anticipate that seasonality through the summer/fall and into the winter, frankly, to not be there this year. We've got a tremendous backlog and we're looking forward to filling it.
John Sznewajs: Yeah. Quite honest. So -- and this is clearly not a demand issue. This is a supply issue. I mean, this was -- we were not permitted to manufacture. And so, to Keith's point, we're seeing really good strength in this business.
Seldon Clarke: Okay. I appreciate your time. Thanks, guys.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten of Credit Suisse.
Adam Baumgarten: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just in paint, curious if you saw any meaningful difference in sales growth between exterior and interior, and maybe how that trended throughout the quarter?
John Sznewajs: Sure. Yeah. Given the nature of the season, generally in the second quarter, we saw stronger sales in next year paint than we did in the interior paint. During the second quarter, Adam -- and probably a little bit stronger than we would normally see versus historical second quarters, but I take it that's the nature of the current environment in the pandemic.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it. And then, just to confirm on the Decorative guidance for 3Q on sales. Are you assuming positive sales growth for the pro paint business? And also, will Kichler and Liberty be up in that guidance that you gave?
John Sznewajs: So, Kichler and Liberty will continue their growth, so it will be modest overall in the segment, because they are relatively small pieces of the segment. And then, we are expecting modest growth for the pro business in the third quarter.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois of Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Hi. Thanks. Just want to follow-up on the pro question. Do you think we're at a point just given the trends that you're seeing in July and expected in Q3, there were more -- levels for pro demand? I guess conversely, if not, do you think that over the next several quarters and years, potentially that you're going to see a secular shift in that category due to the resurgence of DIY interest?
Keith Allman: Garik, I'm going to ask you to repeat the question. There's a little bit of interference on the call when you were asking your question.
Garik Shmois: Sorry. No. Just wondering if you're starting to see pro paint sales normalize into July and in the third quarter. And then, possible, if not, do you worry that there could be a secular shift away from this category due to the resurgence in DIY interest?
Keith Allman: The -- we are seeing throughout the quarter, we are seeing pro pick up a little bit. It was strong in exterior, as I think people obviously are more comfortable having people on the outside of their home than inside. And we saw -- as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the lift up in the quarter. In terms of -- if we're concerned about that, the resurgence of -- or lack of resurgence of the pro, no, we're not. We have a solid plan and track record for share gain in the pro and we're going to continue to do that. But fundamentally, we have the leading DIY brand, and DIY is our sweet spot, for lack of a better word. And we're excited about this, particularly when we look at some of our research where we think a full, call it, 30% of the painters that have painted in the pandemic, were first time painters. And if you peel that back, about half of those first timers were millennials. Now, this is a thesis that we have been talking about for some time as it relates to the millennials coming into the market, forming households and that big cohort being able to be a tailwind for our DIY business. And we do think that this will be a structural shift. And we are poised and ready to take advantage of that. So, our -- having both a -- an incredibly strong brand in DIY and a growing and solid business in pro, I think it's a good spot to be.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thanks for that. A follow-up question is, are there any incremental costs associated with transitioning to one gallon paint production in a way maybe from five gallon? And how quickly -- or is there any sensitivity if you have to toggle between the two quickly in production?
John Sznewajs: Yeah. There's a little bit of inefficiency, obviously, because you are not running your plant smoothly with one gallon fill rates as over five. One of the things we will be doing is we will be investing in additional one gallon capacity here in the coming months and so -- in support of this trend. And so, we feel confident that we can improve our efficiency and get back on track there.
Garik Shmois: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Truman Patterson of Wells Fargo.
Truman Patterson: Hi. Good morning, guys. Nice results, and thanks for taking my questions. First on Kichler, there are some moving parts there, previously you had to push price pretty meaningfully to cover the increased tariff costs. It seems like demand is rebounding in that category in June. But can you just discuss has that continued into July? And are your margins starting to normalize in that business? Are you actually able to recapture the tariff costs in this environment?
Keith Allman: Yeah. We are seeing continued improvement in the demand throughout the quarter and then into July here. So, that's a good sign. We continue, as we've talked about, to work to strengthen this business. And we've worked on restructuring. We talked last quarter about closing a DC and some workforce rationalization. So, that's advancing well. And we're largely on track for our turnaround plan with this business. And we're continuing to drive it. So, we feel good about the team down there and the progress that they've made. We continue to advance our strategies, cost strategies, brand building strategies, 80-20 and assortment simplification so that we can invest in growth more, and it's on plan.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Okay. Thanks for that. And then, just following up on a few other questions. DIY has been very robust past few months, double-digit growth rates plus. I don't think anybody expects that to really continue forever. But more recently, in July, have you seen any sort of deceleration or consumer fatigue, or anything in the DIY category?
John Sznewajs: No. No, Truman. Not at this point. And July continue to be very strong.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng of Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hey, good morning, everyone. Appreciating how the pandemic is impacting the U.S. and your international business is having an impact on demand for plumbing this year. But if we zoom out to 2021, how are you thinking about the growth profile of your U.S. versus international Plumbing business? Any big delta out there?
Keith Allman: I think, we're equally positioned and well-positioned both -- on both sides of the Atlantic here. We've got the strong franchise of Behr. We've got both ores in the water, if you will, as it relates to DIY and pro in an effective way where we've worked to have -- significantly improved our margins in pro. So, we're very much in tune to growing both sides of that business. Leading brand in Delta in the United States that continues to grow well, and as we said, had a record quarter in June. So that momentum is continues to be strong. And then when we look over in Europe, we've got an outstanding brand with Hansgrohe. And because of the nature of that brand, we're able to operate really around the world, quite profitably and still have a significant amount of white space and share gain potential and opportunities. So, I think, we feel equally strong and feel good about our share gain and our growth opportunities, both here in North America, as well as abroad.
Phil Ng: Okay. That's really helpful. And then just given the strength you're seeing in Plumbing and things kind of firming up with Kichler in recent months. Any concerns that we should be mindful of in terms of logistics importing components from China due to the pandemic? And does that pose a risk on just kind of meeting that demand, whether it's on the plumbing and lighting side?
Keith Allman: I'd tell you I really have to hand it to our supply chain. And when I say supply chain, I mean the folks that work in our factories, the folks that plan our inventory and our suppliers. We have really leaned on that group. And manufacturing is not typically setup to go from 60 to 30 in a matter of a couple of weeks and then jump from 30 to 90 in the following month. And our supply base and our factory and the professionals that work there have done a phenomenal job in, particularly from a supply chain standpoint and a supply base and our big suppliers, they have been there to support us. And we're not going to forget that. We're very thankful for the supply chain that we have. And we do not -- things can change. Clearly, this is a dynamic environment. But we do not anticipate any significant or material issues as it relates to our supply chain.
Phil Ng: Okay. Thanks a lot. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes of SunTrust.
Keith Allman: Hey, Keith.
Operator: Mr. Hughes, your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Can you hear me now? 
Keith Allman: Yeah. We got you.
Keith Hughes: Sorry. I have connection issue. Let me start again. On the Watkins business, I know it played a role and the decline in the second quarter. Can you give us any sort of feel for how much that will be affecting the Plumbing business in the third quarter?
John Sznewajs: Yeah. Keith, I would say it would be a modest headwind in the third quarter, because there's still not up to 100% capacity even though they've got very strong demand, and the team there has done a terrific job at responding to that demand. Because of some of the capacity restrictions that are still in place, they -- it will still be a bit of a headwind, but not significant.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Ramsey of Thompson Research Group.
Steven Ramsey: Good morning. Just a quick question, high level, I guess, pontification. I mean, given that Q2 has come back strongly and the Q3 results are expected to be pretty solid. And you talked about the factor shaping up for single-family R&R being very positive. There's still a lot of macro uncertainty. But it's still -- I would just like to get your thoughts on bridging 2020 into your original, but now taking off 2021 guidance, given at the Investor Day, it seems achievable. But just curious if the factors are setting up now for 2021 to be a strong year?
Keith Allman: Yeah. I think so. We look at -- we're reviewing that original Investor Day targets, and we think it's very possible that we could be in there. As I recall, Plumbing at 18% to 18.5%, Deco in that 17.5% to 18%, Masco overall at 16.5% in terms of margin. Yeah, I think that is doable. We have, without a doubt, seeing the benefit of our portfolio reconfiguration. Certainly, the pandemic played into that. But when you look at our resilience, the fact that low ticket items and the DIY orientation are right in the sweet spot of where the consumer wants to be at this point where they want to spend their money. I think that bodes well for what 2021 could be for us. I will also say, Steven, that we're in a dynamic environment, and that we're not -- we are not giving guidance for the full year here in 2020. We're certainly not going to give specific guidance for 2021. But as we look at small ticket, DIY, the overall health of the consumer and how we're positioned against that, it feels pretty good.
Steven Ramsey: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Speer of Zelman & Associates.
Justin Speer: Good morning. Thank you, guys. Just a quick question on the spa disruption. Could you reiterate what that was to the growth in the Plumbing business? And then does that fall into North American or international, or both? Just curious if you could back out the small disruption for your North American international markets just to see the distinction between the two?
Keith Allman: The interruption or the headwind for spa was really driven by a California state order and by a Mexican national order, and that's where we have the majority of our manufacturing. So, we were down, couldn't produce for quite a period of time. In terms of the accounting, international, John?
John Sznewajs: Yeah. So, Justin, that's all in our North American Plumbing results.
Justin Speer: Okay. Okay. And so, I'll get that from the transcript. But as you look at the two geographies, the North American geography trending a little bit better obviously, than the international geography. Is there any major distinctions in terms of behavior as folks shelter-in-place in North America versus international markets as you see it? Or is there anything else that explains some of the disconnect in terms of the differences in growth?
Keith Allman: I think it's -- as I mentioned a little bit on a prior answer, I think it's more country and nationally oriented as it relates to closure and associated reopening cadence U.S. versus international than it is so much consumer behavior. We are -- our demand for spas which interestingly enough -- our spa business is one of the most global we have in Masco as it relates to percent of volume from outside North America and we have strong demand in Europe as well.
Justin Speer: Okay.
John Sznewajs: And Justin, just to save your some time, the North American impact of the spa business was 7%.
Justin Speer: Okay. That's perfect. And then the last question for me is just on the -- switching gears to the paint business, point of sale or the sell-through versus the sell-in, was it -- is it fair to say that the sell-through was stronger -- it sounds like it was, but stronger than what you reported in your results?
John Sznewajs: Yeah. That's correct.
Justin Speer: Is it -- I guess, from that standpoint, how does that work from a channel inventory standpoint? Is this going to throw off typical seasonality of a typical buy-in or sell-in trends for you as you think about the third, fourth quarter?
John Sznewajs: Not significantly, Justin. No.
Justin Speer: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our allotted time for questions. Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This concludes the call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by and welcome to the Masco First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. My name is Carmen and I will be your operator for todays call. As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Carmen and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2020 first quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Mascos Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we cant take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone out there is safe, healthy and managing through this difficult time. I will begin my comments by discussing the actions we are taking in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. I will then touch our strong first quarter results and conclude with how we are looking at our business through the remainder of the year and beyond. Please turn to Slide 4. Our top priority is the safety and well-being of our employees during this unprecedented time. In early March, we formed a cross-functional COVID-19 task force to coordinate our response across the organization. We have employed best practices and followed guidance from the World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, including working remotely, staggering shifts, modifying work areas to ensure proper social distancing enhancing cleaning practices and taking measures to ensure that sick employees stay home. We have also been focused on community outreach supporting the communities in which we live and work has always been at the foundation of Mascos culture. Several Masco business units have assisted local charities and frontline healthcare professionals by purchasing and donating protective equipment such as masks and sanitizers and by making in-kind by donations. In addition, we have committed $1 million to non-profit organizations that are helping to meet the urgent needs of our communities near our business units. Other efforts include exploring the manufacturer of face shields and coverings and certain valves and RAS components for ventilators and producing and delivering in a matter of days, watching units and the examinations in closures to protect medical personnel treating COVID-19 patients for 500-bed interim clinic in Germany. These were just a few of the many efforts and activities going on across our company. I am extremely proud of our employees. They have worked very hard to keep each other safe and to serve our communities. Our second priority has been to ensure we are meeting the needs of our customers and in consumers during this difficult time while maintaining the highest levels of employee safety. Our businesses continue to provide essential products though certain facilities have been shutdown for the month of April and will continue to be shutdown to some extent in May. Additionally, limits on the number of customers and big box retail stores restrictions on the sale of certain categories in various states and closures of distribution outlets will reduce sales for our products in Q2, but have limited impact in Q1. Let me briefly discuss our first quarter results. Please turn to Slide 5. For the quarter, sales increased 5%, excluding the impact of currency. Operating profit increased $22 million principally due to strong volume leverage in North American plumbing and in our paint business and earnings per share grew 24% to $0.46 per share. Turning to our segments, excluding currency, plumbing sales grew 3% driven by Deltas record sales quarter as they drove strong volume across all channels of distribution. During the quarter, we also invested in our connected home strategy that we spoke about at our Investor Day with a small acquisition of a technology company that has developed an interconnected showering system that monitors and controls the temperature and flow of water. This system is an adaptable solution for a wide range of showering products and is the featured technology in Hansgrohe Smart Shower System that debut at the ISH Show in Frankfurt last year. And our decorative architectural segment, strong paint volume drove both top and bottom line performance. As shelter-in-place orders were issued throughout March, we saw a significant acceleration in the sale of Behr paint as more and more do-it-yourselfers took advantage of the time at home to undertake painting projects. Recently, Behrs leading brand and quality position was reaffirmed by a third-party testing organization as we once again achieved the highest rating in two out of the top three spots with our Behr Marquee and Behr Ultra paint brands. Our leading paint quality and value along with our partnership with the Home Depot positions us well to continue to capitalize on this resurgence of DIY paint demand. We also completed the sale of our Cabinetry business unit in the quarter, delivering on our portfolio transformation that we announced just over a year ago. We actively deployed the proceeds on that divestiture through open market share repurchases and an accelerated share repurchase transaction for a combined total of just over $600 million at an expected average price of between $39 and $40 per share depending on how many incremental shares we receive at no additional cost to us when the ASR concludes. So, lets now discuss how we are approaching the current environment and how it impacts our outlook. Please turn to Slide 6. From a business standpoint, in addition to our commitment to safety of our employees, we are focused on two things: maintaining our strong liquidity and ensuring we are positioned to win in the recovery. Our liquidity remains strong at $1.8 billion at the end of the first quarter. We are actively reducing our costs and conserving liquidity by cutting discretionary spending, implementing a hiring and wage fees, delaying discretionary capital expenditures and suspending our share buyback activity indefinitely. Our goal is to ensure we are able to support our customers in any scenario in the most cost efficient way possible. While we are focused on short-term cost control during this pandemic, we remain committed to driving a long-term growth and will continue to invest in brand, innovation and service to ensure we win in the recovery. We are in dynamic and uncertain times and accurately predicting the depth and duration of the impact of this pandemic, it is difficult at best. However, I would like to share with you how we are currently thinking about the second quarter, understanding that we have withdrawn our formal guidance for 2020 and 2021. With the numerous shutdown and shelter-in-place orders, we anticipate second quarter sales to be down in the rage of 20% to 25%. This assumes that in the United States and Europe, our closed facilities began reopening throughout the month of May and that there are no further restrictions enacted in additional states or geographies. With the sudden nature of the shutdowns and restrictions and distribution, our decremental margins will likely be in the 40% to 45% range in the second quarter and will improve throughout the year to a full year decremental of roughly 35%. These decremental margins are a result of the inefficiencies of the rapid shutdown and operating in reconfigured plants due to the safety precautions we have enacted. Additionally, we anticipate healthy demand upon reopening. Transitioning now to our supply chain, at the beginning of the quarter, the main concern about COVID-19 was its impact on our Asian supply chain. While our factory and third-party suppliers in China were shutdown for the majority of the first quarter, our factory and nearly all of our third-party suppliers are now operating at or close to 100% which we hope is a good sign for the rest of the world. As we managed through the near-term ever-changing environment, we are working closely with our leaders across the organization to assess the impact on 2021 and we are determining how to best position Masco to win as we move through the recovery. We believe our work over the past few years to refocus our portfolio on lower ticket, less cyclical, repair and remodel oriented products and our strong position in DIY oriented products positions Masco particularly well to weather this storm and to outperform during the recovery. With that, I will now turn the call over to John for additional detail on how our first quarter and the trends we are seeing so far in Q2. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith and good morning everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning to Slide 8, we had a solid first quarter and sales increased 4% and grew 5% in local currency. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted our first quarter revenue by approximately $9 million. In local currency, North American sales increased 8% in the quarter. This performance was driven by strong volume growth in our paint and plumbing businesses. This is partially offset by lower volumes in our lighting and hardware businesses. In local currency, international sales decreased 3% in the quarter driven by lower volumes in unfavorable mix partially offset by pricing actions. Gross margins were 34.8%, up 30 basis points. Our SG&A as a percent of sales decreased 50 basis points to 20.4%. We delivered solid bottom line performance as operating income increased 11% to $228 million, with operating margins expanding 80 basis points to 14.4% despite the increased tariff costs that we discussed last quarter. Our EPS was $0.46 in the quarter, an increase of 24% compared to the first quarter of 2019. Turning to the reminder of the year, as Keith mentioned, we have withdrawn our guidance for 2020 and 2021. However, to be as transparent as possible given these dynamic times, we have provided our key assumptions such as our normalized tax rate, general corporate expense and share count, along with other items on Slide 22 of the earnings call deck posted on our website. More importantly, to help you better understand the status of our business I will provide additional color on the sales trends we are seeing in April as I walk through each segment and wrap up with more detail on our liquidity position before I turn the call back over to Keith. Turning to Slide 9, plumbing sales increased 3%, excluding the impact of currency. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted this segment sales, by approximately $9 million in the quarter. North American sales increased 6% in local currency as we experienced strong demand across our wholesale retail and e-commerce channels. As Keith mentioned, Delta delivered another record sales quarter with low double digit growth their increased volumes in their Faucet showering and bathing products North American sales growth in the quarter was unfavorably impacted by approximately 2% as a result of facility closures at our spa business in California due to the state order. International plumbing sales decreased 3% in local currency Hansgrohe mid single-digit growth in its home market of Germany. This growth was more than offset by an approximately 20% decline in China declines in other European markets, including the UK, France, Spain and Austria as a result of the impact from COVID-19. Operating profit in the quarter increased 4% driven by incremental volume in a lower stand partially offset by the full impact of tariffs. Lets turn to the trends we have recently seen in our plumbing markets. While we typically do not discuss inter quarter trends as results from only a few weeks in a quarter can be misleading due to short-term sale fluctuations, we feel that any data points in this unprecedented situation are helpful. In aggregate our expectation is that plumbing segments sales in the second quarter excluding currency will be down between 30% and 35% over prior year and segment sales in April will be down approximately 35%. This decline is being driven by closure orders affecting our spa business, lower demand in several other businesses in this segment. We anticipate our spa sales will decline by approximately $100 million in the second quarter as Mexico and California are principle spa manufacturing locations issued shelter-in-place orders in late March in early April. These orders caused us to seize production. Our expectation is that we will begin limited production by the end of May and ramp up thereafter. Interestingly enough demand for spa both through our specialty dealer channel and through our online customers, remains robust. Additionally, our international business is being impacted by shelter-in-place orders in many European countries, including the shutdown of our UK operation. In April, we are seeing high double digit sales declines in the UK, Italy and France and approximately 20% declines in Germany, our largest market. China appears to be rebounding nicely from both the supply chain and demand perspective as their economy begins to reopen. To illustrate this, China sales were down approximately 20% year over year in the first quarter but we currently expect April to be flat to up slightly from last year. Due to shelter-in-place orders in many states in the U.S. and Canada many plumbing wholesalers and plumbing showrooms remain closed impacting our North American plumbing sales. Some of this demand has shifted to the e-commerce channel and based on what we are hearing from customers we believe there will be additional pent up demand as the economy reopens. Turning to Slide 10, Decorative Architectural grew 9% for the first quarter. This performance was driven by high-teens percentage growth in our paint business with strong double-digit growth in DIY and mid single-digit growth in Pro. Our outstanding DIY paint results benefited from resurgence in DIY painting as Steve issued shelter-in-place orders beginning in March. While it is too early to call this a trend, we are well positioned with Behrs compelling quality and value proposition and a strong partner with the Home Depot to capitalize on any potential shifts in consumer behavior. In addition, we remain committed to our investments in the Pro and are pleased with the performance in the quarter. Strong paint sales were partially offset by lower sales in our lighting and builders hardware businesses as we mentioned on our fourth quarter earning call. Lighting sales were impacted by approximately $50 million due to the loss of a portion of a private label program and inventory rebalancing at a customer. Similar to our plumbing segment, we experienced strong increase in online orders in all three businesses in this segment. As consumers shifted their purchasing habits, operating profit in the quarter increased by 17% driven by incremental volume partially offset by the tariff impact on lighting and builders hardware. We took steps to strengthen our lighting business during the quarter by closing the East Coast Distribution Center and consolidating that activity into our other facilities. Turning to April trends, we expect segment sales in April will be down approximately 10% over prior year and anticipate segment sales in the second quarter will be down in the range of 5% to 10%. As a reminder, second quarter lighting sales will also be negatively impacted by approximately $15 million due to the loss of a portion of a private label program in inventory rebalancing at a customer. Turning to Slide 11, our balance sheet remains strong with net debt to EBITDA at 1.6x and we ended the quarter with approximately $1.8 billion of balance sheet liquidity, which includes full availability of our $1 billion revolver. Borrowing on our revolver is subject to two main covenants. Both of which have plenty of cushion. The first covenant is a net debt leverage covenant of less than 4x and at the end of the quarter, we are at 1.6x. The second covenant is an interest coverage covenant of no less than 2.5x. At the end of the quarter, we are at 8.5x. Turning to our debt maturities, we are in good shape as our next maturity of $400 million is not due until April of 2021. In the past month, both Moodys and Fitch reaffirmed their investment grade ratings with Fitch reaffirming its positive outlook on our improved  due to our improved portfolio of businesses following the divestitures of our Cabinetry and Windows segments. We are pleased that we closed the Cabinetry sale in February for $1 billion. As a reminder, we received $850 million of cash proceeds, approximately $630 million in net cash after taxes and expenses. We also received preferred stock of the buyer with a liquidation preference of $150 million. Working capital as a percent of sales improved 130 basis points versus prior year at 17%. We now expect full year working capital as a percent of sales will be in the range of 16% to 17%. Lastly, during the quarter, we continue that focus on shareholder value by deploying approximately $600 million to repurchase roughly 14.2 million shares. Keith mentioned we are suspending our share buyback activity indefinitely therefore estimate our 2020 average diluted share count will be approximately 266 million shares. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. The COVID-19 pandemic may have lasting effects on the economy, consumer behavior and homeownership, all of which we will continue to assess. There could be increased interest in single-family housing with more space in the house and more distance from neighbors, increased remote working could lead to lower home turnover, but also increased remodeling spending. Homeowners may take on more do-it-yourself projects themselves, especially easy to do projects such as painting as opposed to having other people in their homes. And consumers could increase their preference for trusted brands, particularly in products such as ours that touch water. What we do know is that our actions over the past 6 years to create a less cyclical, more resilient portfolio, together with our strong brands and innovation pipeline positions Masco extremely well to outperform the competition, the outstanding partners to our customers and create shareholder value through a recovery. Our lower ticket repair and remodel products performed well in the downturn and only declined 15% peak to trough in the 2008 to 2009 housing led recession. Many of our products are DIY-focused, particularly paint. And we have invested in and are well-positioned in all channels of distribution, including the rapidly growing e-commerce channel. We have strong liquidity and generate significant cash flow in good times and bad allowing us to gain share by investing in new products and programs even in slower times. We have positioned our balance sheet to be a tool that will allow us to take advantage of opportunities that may arise such as share buyback or attractive M&A. With that, I will now open the call up for questions. Carmen?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim: Thanks very much guys and yes, congratulations on doing extremely well in a tough environment. Hope you guys are all doing well. I wanted to ask a question regarding your outlook, particularly on the decremental margins, you had suggested that you are assuming a reopening in May, no resumption of second wave effects that might result in significant shutdowns. And you suggested that the decremental margin would be 40% to 45% in 2Q and then improve I think you said the 35% for full year just want to make sure I heard that right? And if you could give us a sense for how those decrementals may look in between the two divisions whether there is just to make sure that we are thinking about it clearly? And then also when you eventually go to incremental margins, when that happy day arise, can you give us a sense of where you think the incremental margins will be as a result of your comments with the decrementals in the near-term?
Keith Allman: Stephen thanks for the question. I talked in my prepared remarks a little bit about the sudden nature of the shutdown and some efficiencies that we are experiencing operating our plants as we improve social distancing and take on  and address our number one priority which is the safety of our employees. So there are some inefficiencies there that are affecting the decrementals. We are holding on to some cost at this point to be able to be better prepared to serve our customers in the rebound if you will. Keep in mind that prior to the pandemic, we were guiding towards low incremental margins lower than we typically would in plumbing through the high tariff headwinds and even lower incrementals in decorative architecture due to tariff headwinds and some loss of the private label business and lighting that we called out last quarter as it relates to Q1, Q2 and Q3 volume losses. So our decrementals will be higher in Q2 and we do expect to improve them throughout the year. You are right in terms of full year decrementals in that 35% range. When we anticipate how our cost take-outs will flow and the way we will look at  looking at our comps we would expect to see strong incrementals, excuse me, strong improvement in our decrementals in Q4 to get to that full year range of roughly 35%. Admittedly, there is lot of variables in there, but thats the more color in terms of how we are thinking about the decrementals. In terms of incrementals, John, you want to talk about?
John Sznewajs: Yes. In terms of incrementals, yes, I would expect them to be materially different from our decrementals, I mean, I think as volume comes back, I would think that you would see them in that 30% to 35% range which we have traditionally enjoyed on volume as we have grown our business over the years.
Operator: Your next question will be from Mike Wood with Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead with your question.
Mike Wood: Hi, good morning. Thanks for all the data that you have provided. You gave the impact of the spot business shutdown on sales in 2Q, are you able to give us any information in terms of the profit impact that that will have?
Keith Allman: Well, I think if you think about those, our typical decrementals, I think thats a good way to look at it.
John Sznewajs: Yes. And to Keiths point, because those plants are shutdown, we are carrying some extra costs. So it is probably thats one of the reasons we are driving higher income decrementals in the second quarter because we do view the short-term  the shutdowns are short-term in nature. And so we have the fair number of employees around. So we are able to produce when that plant comes back, those plants come back up online.
Mike Wood: And in terms of the
Keith Allman: Go ahead.
Mike Wood: I am sorry, go ahead.
Keith Allman: I was just going to highlight a comment we made which is really a testament to the strength of that business in that what we are seeing in our demand patterns for our spa business and this is definitely an ecommerce channel and most definitely in our specialty retail channel is a continued demand strong demand for our products and that this issues that we are facing in this particular part of our business relate to shut down of our manufacturing capabilities in our plants because of shutdown orders in Mexico and in California I think thats an important nuance to point than a nuance I think its an important fact that this is more of a supply related short-term issue that we are addressing and we will come out it as these state orders and in the case of Mexico country order left.
Mike Wood: Understood. Thank you. And in terms of the 2Q guidance that you provided I understand how you try to incorporate when facilities may reopen and that no additional shelter in place orders could go into affect how are you thinking about the impact that this has in terms of paint gallon sales. In terms of you called out consumers increasingly paining because they are at home and they are pulling forward may be some of those honey to-do list projects are you expecting that that continues if you can just talk about what you might think is temporary or permanent in terms of consumer behavioral trends related to this? Thank you.
Keith Allman: When we think about the impact of COVID-19 buying patterns on psyche of our consumers it is difficult to say what will be a structural change and what will stay and what may be as a change that is more fleeting for sure we are seeing a move to online and we are seeing that even in our rough plumbing business where pros buy how much of that sticks remains to be seen with respect to our paint business while we worked really hard form a mixed prospective to more or less neutralize the mixed impact of pro to DIY there is a little bit but we have worked hard and we are leveraging the volume on our pro business so that those are both good businesses for us but we are definitely led about 75% mix skewed towards DIY and there is no question that we are seeing a resurgence of DIY demand for those reasons that we all know and that I talked about in my comments so do we anticipate that this to stack I think thats going to stick through Q2 if that is a longer term structural change I think realistically that remains to be seen but we like our positioning definitely with our strong partner and a strong brands and our quality and DIY and we also like our positioning and how we have been able to manage the profitability business on the pro so not sure of this trend towards DIY we will stick indefinitely but we are the way I see it is going to stay through Q2.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Please go ahead
Matthew Bouley: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question and hope everyone is doing well. I wanted to ask back on the 2Q revenue guide sort of what you are seeing out of end consumer demand it sounded like your seeing something perhaps better there relative to the discrete impact of the shutdowns which you attributed somewhat severe particularly in the spa business are you able to sort of quantify or ballpark where the end demand feels like it is tracking relative to the discrete impact of the shutdowns across the business? Thank you.
Keith Allman: When you say in demand, Matthew, what do you  can you help me understand your question a little bit better?
Matthew Bouley: Certainly. So were consumer demand relative to your selling demand for the customers and then speaking really specifically about the plants that were shut down which is a little bit different than what the consumer demand is of course?
Keith Allman: So in terms of how our demand from the consumer relates to lets say a change in inventory position in our channel we are definitely seeing this is consumer demand we are not due to some of the issues as it relates to some of the intermittent shutdowns of our facilities for employee safety and some of the longer shutdowns due to state orders. We have seen a little bit of our inventory and I think in the channel, its safe to say there is little bit of inventory reduction in the channel. So, this is POS. This is good demand, particularly as we see it in paint. John, I dont know
John Sznewajs: Yes. The other thing I would point to is just, Matthew, is Keith comments on the demand we are experiencing spas right. Its a high ticket item, the fact that demand for spas in both online channel and our specialty dealer channel remains very healthy. We think that it is a good sign that the higher end consumer is out there shopping and looking to continue to improve their homes. So I think both paints, as Keith just mentioned, spas is a pretty good indicative sign of where the consumer is.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Good morning, gentlemen. Thank you. Appreciate your comments on the quarter, can you perhaps discuss obviously the spa you called that out specifically as its related to a supply issue, but can you maybe talk about how different markets are responding in terms of demand, so obviously, plumbing is down a lot, but there is big variances within America. Northern California, where I am, is very severe in terms of being shutdown. But other places like Denver or Dallas, could you give us a feel for how state home orders is affecting and what you are seeing in both plumbing, which is less I guess DIY perhaps than paint? If you could just explain some of that, the differences that you are seeing that would be very much appreciated? Thank you in terms of demand.
Keith Allman: Sure, Ken. Thanks for the question. I will talk to demand as is relates to a couple of parameters, geographical and then maybe talk a little bit about channel, which maybe helpful for you. Lets just start east to west here in China we talked about that a little bit. The demand appears to be rebounding quite nicely. We were down as we mentioned about 21% in Q1. And we think in Q1, we should be flat to maybe even up a little bit, in Germany, down in that 20% range in April, but we are seeing that starting to improve, seeing in Europe, we do see significant sale decline in UK, Italy, Spain and France. Those are due mainly to shelter-in-place and temporary closures of some of our distribution outlets or our customers outlets for plumbing. Obviously, in the U.S. and Canada, we have been impacted by shelter-in-place across many states. I dont really have a lot different to offer beyond what we all know that and Florida has been  and Texas has been hit a little bit less and up in the New England and the Northeast has been hit a little bit harder. In terms of channels, many large retailers remained open and sales is only up modestly in those stores. Retail tends to skew a little bit towards DIY as we have said and thats helping it out a little bit. Paint sales as I talked about and retail have been very nicely positive year-over-year. Plumbing wholesale continuing here with the channels, by and large, plumbing wholesalers have closed their showrooms, but kept their counter, their back-end open. Sales are impacted a little bit more since many homeowners are reluctant to have someone in their house. And sometimes that tends to be more of a Pro install and we do see some construction being limited by states here in Michigan. And then from a channel perspective, e-commerce category is performing quite well and is up year-over-year really across the board. So, I think our diversification both in terms of geographies and channels is helping the situation out and we are positioned to win really as these channels changes.
John Sznewajs: Ken, what I would add to the Keiths comments, yes, we do think consumer demand is good. But the question that we are very closely watching is, how long does this last? As you well aware, stimulus checks hit a lot of consumers kind of mid-April and that could temporarily boost things. And thats why we are kind of reluctant to get too far out there how strong demand is until we really get a good sense over the longer term and short term over a couple of weeks how demand is and consumers are going to react to things. So I just want to keep that in the back of your mind as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your questions.
John Lovallo: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Questions on CapEx, I think you mentioned that maintenance is about $75 million, so it seems like there is about $40 million or $45 million sort of non-essential spend in your outlook, can you just help us understand what that non-essential relates to and how quickly you could pullback on that if needed?
John Sznewajs: Sure, John. As Keith mentioned and I mentioned, one of the things that we, I think continuing to invest in even through the recession is innovation. And a lot of that of the non-maintenance CapEx goes to tooling for new products, so jigs and fixtures and things for new plumbing products and shower products, some new things that we are delivering in the paint area. So thats generally where that capital is going, because we think its important to continue to drive the consumer to our retail partners, our showroom partners, even though at times maybe tougher having new product out there, continues to give us good shelf space with our partners and draws consumer footsteps into their locations. And so whether thats their online locations or whether thats on their physical locations, we think its important to continue to drive innovation across the entire portfolio.
Keith Allman: John, in terms of some of those projects that we will look at cutting sometimes there is information technology upgrades and those sorts of things that we can delay a little bit, so those sorts of things and some are related to equipment that we can delay a little bit. Thats really what we are talking about.
John Lovallo: Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question and helpful information so far. Its good to get so much of this detail out there. I had one follow-up on the plumbing business and you have given some of the components and channel commentary. When I think about the impact of the spa business, in particular, it looks like that to the prior question, it looks like that impact alone is a 10% year-on-year Delta in plumbing sales and you highlighted some fairly severe declines in Europe. So I guess if I am  I guess the question is really can you breakout then your core U.S. business expectations for plumbing ex the spa business, because it seems like they assumed 30% to 35% for the segment with some of those other components would imply that core U.S. plumbing may or maybe down something in the teens or so?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, its John. In terms of the math, you have done on most of it, thats right. I would say as we look at North American plumbing, we are probably down a little bit better higher than that, but probably down closer to that 20% range or so would be the way I would characterize how we are currently viewing North American plumbing.
Mike Dahl: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone and also just want to extend my wishes. Hope everyone is healthy and safe out there across your organization. First question, I just wanted to circle back if I could to an earlier question around decrementals and very much appreciate the commentary there and obviously in the initial stages makes complete sense that you would have a higher than normal decremental. As you look towards the full year at 35% that would then certainly point to something better than that by the time you get to the fourth quarter. Initially or over time, we had thought of decrementals in a kind of a normalized basis, perhaps of 30% to 35% of the business where decorative was a little bit lower, plumbing was a little bit higher within that range. Just wanted to kind of circle back on those assumptions and if given the full year trend is it correct to assume certainly that you be at a better position in that 35% or so by the end of the year and that decorative would be a little bit lower than plumbing?
John Sznewajs: First, I think just to make sure we are clear I think decrementals by segment or incrementals by segment however you want to look at it, they're approximately the same. I don't think there's a material difference between how you look at the incrementals or decrementals between plumbing and decorative architecture they are both in at 30% to 35% range the one thing that I would mention and because of the nature of these circumstances we are finding ourselves through if that always a straight line quarter to quarter right and so what Keith was and I were trying to point out is obviously we have got high decrementals here the first part of things but if things begin to normalize then they tend to revert back to a more typical incremental/decremental margins and so thats how we are seeing it for the full year so if you think about the way that we see the progression through the year I think that should help if things through how that should work.
Michael Rehaut: Okay, I appreciate that. I guess secondly, I just wanted to circle back a little bit on paint and there has been obviously a decent amount of press and coverage around room-by-room DIY projects as you have alluded to in the shelter-in-place backdrop and we also have the strong U.S. census retail sales out of home improvement for March I was hoping to get a sense if possible around how the monthly trends occurred for the paint business in the U.S. it is an overall 9% segment growth for the quarter I am assuming that there was a perhaps a particularly strong March and then you are expecting a 10% decline in April any sense of how strong March was and if there was any if you have any type of sense of triangulation standpoint around perhaps what might have been put forward or a certain jump in activity around those proceeding week or two as people lined up projects before shelter-in-place.
Keith Allman: Mike you are exactly right on the inside the quarter monthly trends. That's what we saw. We saw a nice, call it, a single-digit pickup in January and we got near to 20% range in March so that is where we saw come in in terms of if thats full head volume or if there is more volume if thats consistent thats not the same really dont know at this point I think the key for us and the team that John said I dont know I trying to communicate across this broad geographies broad channels with a lot of uncertainty is that we certainly are thinking about our estimation of where this overall market will end as we move through this pandemic what is more important for us is in so much precision of our forecast whats important for us is flexibility and having the capacity and the appropriate costs to get through this as effectively as we can while being ready to win and position to win and recovery and that includes capacity and it includes investment in technology and R&D and brand so thats the way we are thinking about it. But specifically to that, inside the quarter, you hit it in what was on 
Michael Rehaut: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Phil Ng: Hey guys. I guess one more question on the decremental margin, I am just curious how much of that  does that account for any raw mat deflation particularly in your paint business with oil down pretty dramatically? And any potential lift from any cost pick initiatives that you might be pursuing down the road?
Keith Allman: Yes Phil I mean the decremental margins are all inclusive of what we see and what we anticipate in our business across the board. So in terms of raw materials, let me just  I think you touched on that, let me just give you a sense of how we are looking at raw materials now across the portfolio. So, copper and zinc are down more than 20% year-over-year and most of that decline took place here in the first quarter. So, we will, but that will probably help offset some of the tariff impact that we have been feeling, particularly in the second half of the year. To your point, oil prices have declined here recently. Clearly, that will help our freight cost out, but as I think you are pretty well aware, freight is a relatively small piece of our overall cost structure. In terms of the commodity basket for paints, the TiO2 producers have announced price increases. And obviously in this environment, you will see how that plays out. Though there has been strong demand across the paint industry so that those could stay in place and oil prices do impact the raw material basket in paint. Specifically, resin prices follow oil to some extent, but to-date, we have not yet seen a material movement in our resin costs or other costs as a result of the decline in oil prices. Propylene is a fairly downstream from crude and its held up pretty well so far. And so oil and resins are definitely a one-for-one relationship by any means, but if oil stays at these levels for a sustained period of time, our guess is that we would anticipate some easing on resin prices, particularly in the back half of the year.
Phil Ng: Perfect. And then just one more for me, Keith and John, you guys have seen a few cycles, can you guys give us a sense how you are thinking about the depth and perhaps the duration of this downturn, how you are positioned coming out of it? It seems like its more of a shock rather than any real long-term you have seen it pretty upbeat about the outlook, but just kind of walk us through how you are thinking about this cycle versus the last? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think its a little bit of a re-price of a prior comment I made and that is that the depth and duration of the impact of this pandemic is unknowable. And that while we certainly are working hard to understand and to look at both trailing and leading indices and metrics that give us the best color that we can, most importantly, we are talking to our customers and our consumers to try to understand how they feel about the nature of demand, but its unknowable. So, our focus is on flexibility. And being able to win in any shape recovery and any length of duration and that goes back to managing our cost structure in the short-term. And then when we move into the recovery period to focus on winning and taking market share through our leading brands and it continued investment in those brands and innovation in having the capacity to support and thats exactly what we are going do.
Phil Ng: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on the capital allocation side of things recognizing that the uncertainty has caused you to pullback on your repurchase activity, but given the liquidity position and your cash balances and things, what would you need to see to start getting back in the market again and any updates that you can give us along with that on the M&A pipeline and any changes there?
John Sznewajs: Yes, sure, Susan. As we said in our prepared remarks, we are watching the situation closely, but fundamentally, our long-term capital allocation objectives have not changed, right. We want to be disciplined and balanced into how we approach it. And as we discussed, we are going to be conservative on our liquidity here in the near-term. We have suspended our share repurchase activity and we will continue to evaluate our liquidity and market conditions before we resume it. So we have got some sense of things that are starting to get a little better. With respect to M&A, the situation may produce some attractive opportunities in the near-term. Dont know as oftentimes, it takes sellers some time to readjust their expectations to market conditions. And so you might not see as many, but we continue to evaluate M&A that will be highly selective. Its got to be the right strategic fit, right return and then we are committed to our dividend. We do view our current payout as reasonable considering our level of liquidity in our cash generation. So given our strong cash flow it will be conservative in the near term but then continue to evaluate market conditions and continually reevaluate how we want to proceed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
Justin Speer: Hi, good morning guys. Thank you for hosting this call. I know it is not an easy time but just a few more questions what is the typical incremental volume or incremental margins on volumes for your business in a normal type of environment?
Keith Allman: Typically be 30% or 35% Justin.
Justin Speer: So for the most of the disruption associated with like discontinuing efforts and supply chain disruptions sort of things you explained I guess the Delta there?
John Sznewajs: Correct yes here in the near-term yes.
Justin Speer: Okay. And then in terms of the raw material basket in general has been favorable and I know that you mentioned some, some partial offsets to the negative but in terms of price dynamics across your portfolio including your coatings business paint business as well as your plumbing business across your portfolio how do you expect price trends to hold up in this kind of air pocket kind of environment where you do have raw material tailwind but recognizing all sort of volume?
Keith Allman: I think pricing dynamics across the portfolio I know varies our European business is different and they generally have put in  have put price in earlier this year, maybe different by channel here from time to time we may put some price bonus in the trade or wholesale channel with respect to paint just given the nature of our relationship with one customer we dont discuss pricing conversations with that individual customer.
Justin Speer: Okay. And then last question for me is just the cash conversion of the model. Just thinking of maybe the way we can kind of think about it as  look at the free cash flow as a percentage of revenues or free cash flows a percentage of net income how do you think that holds up in these types of  type of environment as you sensitize your model?
John Sznewajs: Yes. I think it holds up reasonably well, Justin. I mean we were  at the beginning of the year before anything of this really emerged we are talking about a 100% free cash flow conversion and net income and given the way our CapEx comes down our working capital can come in we believe we can maintain that 100% free cash flow conversion on net income to this period of time.
Justin Speer: Excellent. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks/ Thanks for scooping me in. Just want to follow-up on the spa business your commentary just on the demand pretty encouraging just wondering if you look back on how that business performed in past recessions how did that hold up given the more and fluent nature of the target market just trying to get a sense of the how sustainable some of that point of demand could be right now if there is any lag-affected downturn?
John Sznewajs: Yes in past cycles Garik as you can expect in particularly in the last cycle because of the housing lever session this unit saw some pretty significant volume declines in the 08 or 09 recession and so I would not certainly this is an apples-to-apples comparison today versus what we have experienced last time. We do we would expect that there will be some softening just given the impact of the broader economy that we feel pretty good about how this company is positioned because you may recall in the last recession a fair number of their competition fell by the way side and went bankrupt and so they think of a fair amount of share as them as the market leader we expect them to maintain that position even through the cycle and I think an important piece to know Garik is this company never lost money even in the worst of the 08 09 recession we like the fundamental of this space as well when we think about wellness health benefits spas it is pretty incredible I mean new spa or relatively new about a year and I can count on one hand the time is right then home and havent taken the spa it is great for the social aspect of the family that is great for health particularly for aging people it helps you sleep better it is a great product that is positioned well for the demographics of the United States and it is almost international or second most international business so I think that geographic dispersion is real strong and we have a thousand plus of the best dealers out there and we have a leadership that is very strong and developing those leaders. So, all-in-all we like this business very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Seldon Clarke with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Seldon Clarke: Hey, thanks for the question. Appreciate the color on quarter-to-date trends and sales guidance, but can you just give us a sense of what this assumes as it relates to volume growth and price mix and whether the current environment has changed your pricing strategy at all just given the impact of tariffs on the second quarter?
John Sznewajs: So, Seldon, you may remember that we put most of our pricing related to the tariffs in early 2019. And so we really cover that and feel we are covered off on that last year. The balance of the pricing dynamics, yes, we are really not going to talk about future pricing actions on this call.
Operator: Your next question will be from Truman Patterson with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Truman Patterson: Hi, good morning guys and thanks for taking my question. Glad to hear all of you guys are safe. So big picture, you have $1.8 billion in liquidity defensively positioned businesses that drive a lot of cash flow, could you just discuss your thoughts on maybe pulling forward some of the investments in your hub stores for the Behr contractor, maybe go out get a little bit more offensive try and gain more share in that channel during this downturn?
Keith Allman: We are committed to the growth in the Pro. Its a segment as I talked about that with the leverage we are getting has improved in profitability over the years. So its a good business for us and we have a good sales picture, if you will. We have a good value proposition for the Pro there, particularly the Pro thats already shopping at the Home Depot. So we like that business. We are going to continue to invest in it. We are going to invest in both people, technology hub stores. We are going to continue to work and understand where that best investment is to make at any given time. In terms of the specifics, we are not going to talk about that, but in a more general sense, we are going to continue to divest in that and we think we have a very good reason to do that, both in terms of value and ability to win.
Truman Patterson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from Steven Ramsey with Thompson Research. Please go ahead with your questions.
Steven Ramsey: Good morning. Just wanted to discuss Kichler for a minute, can you maybe discuss how the current impact the adjustments you have to make in the near-term impacts the longer term cost structure reductions and changes you are making to that unit?
Keith Allman: We are continuing to work as we are across our entire portfolio to optimize our cost structure understanding that there is a short-term hit that we are taking as we are in what I am  I would call the crisis, but we want to have our capacity and product development capabilities etcetera in place for when we have the recovery. So we are looking individually across our portfolio at what that means and we are continuing to evaluate it. And I think we are going to learn a lot over the next quarter or two as we really see what happens as states open up. So we are looking across the business at our cost footprint at all of our business units.
Keith Allman: Okay. I think we are going to conclude the call. We tried to make this a little bit of a different call giving the fact that this is a different situation to delve in to as much as detail and with as much transparency as we can as it relates to how we are thinking about this business. I want to encourage everyone to stay safe and be healthy and I hope that you and your families are getting along as well as you can in this crisis. Thank you very much for giving us your time. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This concludes the call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-11 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2019 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Conference Call. My name is Regina, and I will be your operator for todays call. As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Regina, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2019 fourth quarter and full year conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Mascos Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we cant take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. Finally, please note that we have accounted for our Windows and Cabinetry businesses as discontinued operations for all periods presented. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. Ill begin with some brief comments on our fourth quarter, before I turn to our full year results, and conclude with our thoughts on 2020. As Dave mentioned, our financial results have been restated to reflect Cabinetry and Windows as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Turning to slide four. In the fourth quarter, our topline increased 1%, excluding the impact of currency, driven by solid growth in North American plumbing and paint. In line with our expectations, operating profit was down and our operating margin was 15.7% in the quarter. As weve previously communicated, this was due to higher input costs due to the full impact of tariffs and an increase in variable cost as compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. Our earnings per share for the quarter matched prior year at $0.54 per share. Turning to our segments. Plumbing growth in the fourth quarter was led by our North American plumbing business which grew 5%. This was driven by record sales for both Delta and Watkins. Delta experienced growth in trade, retail and e-commerce in the fourth quarter, and Watkins continued to outperform the market with its industry-leading portfolio of products across price points and channels. In our Decorative Architectural segment, Behr continued to perform well with mid-single-digit pro paint growth and low-single-digit DIY growth. This was aided by increased year-end ordering that pulled forward sales from Q1 of 2020, similar to what we experienced last year. We saw good results from the recently reset Color Solution Centers, as well as other new innovations such as our easy-pour paint can and our new Behr Ultra Scuff Defense paint. Our paint growth was offset by lower sales in our lighting business, an industry that has been significantly impacted by tariffs. Lastly, for the fourth quarter, we made significant progress on our strategic plan by completing the sale of our Milgard Windows business for after tax net proceeds of approximately $560 million and signing an agreement to sell our Cabinetry business for $850 million in cash at closing and preferred stock with a liquidation value of $150 million. We now expect the Cabinetry sale to close by the end of February. With the proceeds from the sale of Milgard and our strong free cash flow, we executed share repurchases of $456 million in the quarter, and retired approximately $200 million of debt that was scheduled to mature in early 2020, further strengthening our balance sheet and reducing our interest expense. We were pleased with our fourth quarter performance, and it concluded a transformational year for Masco. Please turn to slide five. As we look back on the full year, we effectively navigated this challenging year while executing our strategy to transform Masco into a stronger, more stable, less cyclical and higher return building products company. For the full year, sales grew 2% excluding the impact of currency, largely driven by pricing actions as we mitigated the impact of tariffs and other inflation. Despite the challenges of increased tariff costs and slower end markets, Delta, Hansgrohe, Behr and Watkins each achieved record sales for the year. Delta gained share with bath fixtures at retail, and its Brizo brand in showrooms, while also expanding its line of voice-enabled faucets. Hansgrohe launched several new products early in 2019, helping to drive solid growth, particularly in Germany and China. Our innovation excellence was demonstrated at the recent kitchen and bath industry trade show or KBIS, as we earned two of the best of KBIS awards. Our Brizo brand won the KBIS Best of Show award for its new Kintsu bath collection, and our Hansgrohe brand won the KBIS Impact award for its Rainfinity shower system. Watkins, our leading spa business also had another outstanding year, driven in part by innovations such as its FreshWater salt system. This unique water care system provides a maintenance-free, disposable cartridge that uses less chemicals to provide a simpler and cleaner spa experience. Behr continued to perform well in 2019, driving high-single-digit growth in pro paint. Pro paint is a large growth opportunity for us. And we will continue to invest in people and capabilities, along with our partner, the Home Depot, to gain share in the pro paint market. While we were pleased with our paint performance in 2019, the lighting category was one of the hardest hit by tariffs, and this impacted our results. The headwinds we experienced in lighting in the quarter will continue for the next three quarters as we exit certain private label skews and expect some inventory reduction to occur in the retail channel. As we outlined at our Investor Day, we believe that our performance in lighting will stabilize by the end of 2020 and we will be positioned to return to growth at that point. Wrapping up our 2019 performance, we delivered on our commitment to drive shareholder value, as we increased earnings per share by 6%, executed our strategy to make Masco a better company for the long term by completing the divestitures of our Windows businesses, and signing an agreement to divest our Cabinetry business. And we deployed over $1.2 billion of capital by returning approximately $900 million to shareholders through share repurchases, increasing our dividend for the 6th consecutive year, and reducing our outstanding debt by approximately $200 million to finish the year at a net debt to EBITDA of 1.7 times. With our effective capital allocation strategy and strong operational performance, we achieved a return on invested capital from continuing operations of 29% in 2019. Before closing the book on 2019, Id like to thank all of our employees, especially those that are Cabinetry and former Windows businesses, for all of their hard work and perseverance that made 2019 another successful year for Masco. Now, turning to 2020. Id like to share with you our view of our markets. For the repair and remodel market, which is approximately 90% of our revenue. We expect market growth to be in the range of 3% to 4% in 2020 with growth accelerating in the second half of the year. For the paint market, a subset of the repair and remodel market for us, we expect the DIY paint market to be flat and the pro paint market to grow low to mid-single-digits. For the new construction market, which is approximately 10% of our revenue, we expect id-single-digit growth as we have seen an improvement in both starts and permits, particularly in the single family sector. As for our international markets, principally Europe, we expect a flat to low single digit growth environment. Based on these assumptions, we expect full year sales growth to be in the range of 2% to 3%, excluding currency, margins to be approximately 16%, and earnings per share to be in the range of $2.35 to $2.55. With our strong balance sheet and the $645 million in after-tax net proceeds from the sale of Cabinetry expected to be received in February, we will continue our balanced capital allocation strategy to drive shareholder value. We will likely deploy $500 million to $600 million of the Cabinetry proceeds toward share repurchases, shortly after closing. And with our expected strong free cash flow conversion of approximately 100%, we will look to deploy up to another $600 million towards M&A or share repurchases throughout the remainder of 2020, subject to market opportunities. Now, Ill turn the call over to John to go over our fourth quarter, full year and 2020 outlook in more detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance from continuing operations, excluding the impact of rationalization and other onetime items. Turning to slide seven, we finished the year on plan. Fourth quarter sales matched the prior year and increased 1% in local currency. Currency translation unfavorably impacted sales in the quarter at approximately $7 million. In local currency, North American sales increased 1% in the quarter, driven by pricing actions and volume growth in our plumbing and paint businesses. This was partially offset by lower volumes in our lighting business. In local currency, international sales decreased 1% in the quarter, driven by unfavorable mix, partially offset by pricing actions. We reported operating income of $257 million with operating margins of 15.7%. Operating profit was impacted by mix and unfavorable price cost relationship and higher variable costs. For the fourth quarter, our EPS matched prior year at $0.54 per share. Please note that this performance is based on a normalized tax rate of 26% versus the previously guided 25% tax rate, prior to discontinued operations. Due to the move of Cabinetry and Windows segments to discontinued operations and a change in the tax rate, we have provided restated adjusted EPS numbers for 2018 and the first three quarters of 2019 in the appendix on slide 22. Turning to the full year 2019. Sales increased 1% and grew 2% in local currency. Currency translation unfairly impacted the full year by $77 million. In local currency, North American sales increased 2%. This performance was driven by disciplined pricing actions across both segments, partially offset by lower volumes. In local currency, international sales matched the prior year. While we experienced some international market softness in 2019, Hansgrohe continued to drive share gains in its home market of Germany and in China. Our SG&A as a percent of sales increased 10 basis points to 18.9% for the full year. And for the full year, operating income decreased $16 million or 1%, with operating margins of 16.5%. Lastly, our EPS increased 6% to $2.25 for the full year. Turning to slide eight. Our Plumbing segment grew 3% in the quarter, excluding the impact of currency, driven by strong growth in North America. Foreign currency unfavorably impacted sales by approximately $9 million in the quarter. North American sales increased 5% in local currency as we experienced improved demand from our wholesale, retail, dealer, and e-commerce customers. This growth was against an 8% comp in the fourth quarter of 2018. Growth was led by Delta as they achieved another record sales quarter through increased volumes across their product categories. Additionally, Watkins, our spa business continued to outperform by also achieving another record quarter with its innovative new products and industry-leading brands. Our international sales in the fourth quarter decreased 1% in local currency, due to lower sales in Germany and Hansgrohe outpaced a difficult comp with sales growth of 7% in Germany in the fourth quarter of 2018. This was partially offset by strong growth in China. Operating profit in the quarter decreased $5 million due to higher variable costs, partially offset by incremental volume. Turning to the full year 2019, sales increased 2% in local currency. This solid growth was driven by record years at Delta and Watkins. North American sales grew 2% in local currency, as a result of early and aggressive pricing actions taken to mitigate the impact of tariffs, offsetting lower volumes. Our International Plumbing sales matched prior year in local currency as Hansgrohes solid growth in Germany and China was offset by softness in other regions. Full year operating profit matched prior year, due to a favorable price cost relationship as we priced ahead of feeling the impact of tariff costs in certain instances, partially offset by higher spending, unfavorable currency translation and mix. For 2020, we expect the Plumbing segment sales growth to be in the 2% to 4% range, excluding currency, principally due to our low growth expectations for the European Plumbing market. As a reminder, 35% of the Plumbing segment sales are outside of North America. We anticipate full year margins will be similar to 2019 as we experience the full impact of the List 3 and List 4 tariffs in 2020. We expect the tariff impact will be the greatest in the first half of the year and we anticipate operating margins will be down roughly 100 basis points in the first half of 2020 before recovering in the second half of the year. Also, given current exchange rates, we do not expect currency to materially impact our 2020 revenue. Turning to slide nine, the Decorative Architectural segment declined 3% in the fourth quarter. This performance was driven by strong paint sales, which were more than offset by lower sales in our lighting business due to the loss of a portion of a private label business and inventory rebalancing with a key customer, which impacted volumes in the quarter by approximately $20 million. Behrs solid mid-single-digit growth in Pro and low-single-digit growth in DIY products was aided by approximately $20 million of sales pull-forward from Q1 2020, similar to the pull-forward we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2018. Operating income declined due to lower volumes in lighting and an unfavorable price cost relationship, driven by the impact of tariff costs and higher incentives, partially offset by lower spending. Turning to the full year 2019, sales grew 3%, driven by our pro paint initiative, as we achieved high-single-digit growth continue to grow share with the pro. Growth was also aided by the acquisition of Kichler in March of 2018. This performance was partially offset by lower volumes in our lighting and builders hardware businesses, as a result of our disciplined pricing actions in 2019. Full-year operating income decreased 1%, principally due to lower volumes and increased commodity costs, partially offset by selling price increases and lower spending. In 2020, we expect low-single-digit growth in DIY paint and mid-single-digit growth in pro paint. We also expect revenue in this segment will be impacted by the loss of a portion of our private label program and inventory rebalancing at a Kichler customer. The revenue impact of these items will be approximately $15 million each in Q1 and Q2, and approximately $5 million in Q3. This volume loss and the full-year impact of tariffs will depress operating segment -- segment operating margins by approximately 300 basis points in Q1, before recovering in the balance of the year. For full year 2020, we expect sales growth in the segment will be in the zero to 2% range, with operating margins between 17% and 17.5%. And turning to slide 10. Our year-end balance sheet was strong with net debt to EBITDA at 1.7 times, and we ended the year with approximately $1.7 billion of balance sheet liquidity. Working capital as a percent of sales finished the year at 15.7%, an improvement of 10 basis points over prior year. During 2019, we repurchased 7% of our outstanding shares for approximately $900 million and we increased our annual dividend by 13% to $0.54 per share. We took further action in 2019 to strengthen our balance sheet by reducing our debt by approximately $200 million. And we initiated the plan to terminate and annuitize our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans. We should complete this plan by the end of 2021. This will reduce our ongoing pension expense and contributions once completed. Lastly, we expect the sale of our Cabinetry business to close in February. And we expect net proceeds from the sale of approximately $645 million after taxes and expenses. Going into 2020, our disciplined capital allocation strategy is unchanged. We will continue to prioritize investment in our businesses to drive organic growth. We will balance acquisitions with the right strategic fit in returns with share repurchases and we will maintain an appropriate dividend. Including the expected net proceeds from the sale of our Cabinetry business, we expect to deploy up to $1.2 billion for share repurchases in 2020, subject to market conditions. This activity would bring our expected 2020 average share count to between 265 million and 270 million shares. We generated $660 million of free cash flow in 2019 and we expect 100% free cash flow conversion rate in 2020. Lastly, for the full year 2020, we expect annual revenue growth of 2% to 3% with operating margins of approximately 16%. And as Keith mentioned earlier, our 2020 EPS estimate is $2.35 to $2.55, which represents 9% EPS growth at the midpoint of the range. With that, Ill now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. 2019 was a dynamic and transformational year for Masco. We mitigated significant tariff headwinds faced by our plumbing, lighting and hardware businesses. We continue to grow our plumbing segment with record sales at Delta, Hansgrohe, and Watkins. We continue to gain share and pro and DIY paint with our leading Behr brand. We simplified our portfolio with the divestitures of our Windows businesses and signed an agreement to sell our Cabinet business. And we continue to execute on our capital allocation strategy. As we enter 2020, the fundamentals of our business in our core repair and remodel market are healthy. Consumers remain confident and wages are growing. Home price appreciation is increasing. Housing stock continues to age. Existing home sales have improved and household formations have steadily increased. With these favorable fundamentals and our continued focus on executing our strategy, coupled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity, we will continue to create shareholder value in 2020 and are well-positioned to deliver on our 2021 EPS target of $2.80 to $3 that we put forth at our Investor Day last September. With that well now open the calls up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: Yes. Thanks very much, guys, and appreciate all the detail here. I guess, first question really relates to the margin guidance that youve given. Im curious first of all, when you look at the Kichler business, I guess within Dec Arc, can you give a sense for what kind of a margin impact you think this private label program being discontinued at your retail partner? What that is representing and how much you think some of the margin guidance youre looking for, particularly here in the first quarter is being driven by other impact to the margin?
John Sznewajs: Yes. Steve, good morning. Its John. I think, the margin impact from the loss of a private label business is relatively modest, because it is indeed a private label program. I think, the bigger impact on the margin in the segment is due to absorbing the full cost of the tariffs here in the first part of the year.
Stephen Kim: Thanks. And then, I guess, might as well stay on the Dec Arc segment and particularly Kichler, Im curious, as you look at that business, obviously there is a lot thats happened, the tariffs coming in shortly after the acquisition was an unfortunate event. And theres continuing to be issues in China due to the coronavirus, one can imagine affecting your supply chain. Im curious, I guess, number one, are you -- I dont believe you mentioned anything with the coronavirus, but if you could maybe talk about how that might be factoring into your outlook at all? And then, two, if you believe that there is any adjustment or has there been any adjustment in your improvement plan in Kichler, in light of whats happened as youve watched things develop over the last three months, since the last time we spoke to you? Has there been any change in your strategic thinking around how to approach improving the results in that business, given the changing world?
Keith Allman: Stephen, this is Keith. Ill take that and will talk about the coronavirus first. When you think about the revenue that we have in China, its about 3% of our revenue. So, I want to keep that in perspective. Obviously, China plays an important role in our supply chain. So, its important to us and it represents about 3% of our revenue. As of now and it is a fluid situation without a doubt, we are not expecting a material impact on our performance from the coronavirus. It is a fluid situation, as I mentioned. When you think about, first of all, in terms of our factories and where we stand, I guess, most importantly, none of our employees, as we know, sitting here this morning, have been infected by the virus, and were very thankful for that. Weve instituted significance, precautions, travel restriction, hygiene guidelines, weve eliminated gathering and meetings. We have a small manufacturing force that started -- about 15% of our biggest factory that started yesterday and will be ramping that up throughout the week. So that represents about a one week delay from what we had anticipated due to the Lunar New Year. So, not a significant delay, but definitely a slower ramp-up than we anticipated. From a supply chain perspective, a very similar story with our biggest suppliers where they are ramping up, theyre bringing people back from the countryside where they were out on Chinese New Year, and theyre coming back. And theres a planful ramp-up. So, right now, as Ive talked to our biggest suppliers and to our own factories, we are cautiously optimistic, but it is a fluid situation. In terms of the demand over there in China, again, thats 3% of our volume. And as you may know, a lot of the building products are sold through retail malls and small dealers. Most of those are still closed, and they will start to open up over the course of the next 10 days. Our sales teams are all working from home. Were reviewing the revenue and the orders as they come in. Weve reserved spots in terms of premium freight to help us maintain our delivery performance as we ship some of our products back -- to a large degree back to Germany. So, my point is, were taking precautions. Were thankful that none of our employees have contracted the virus. Its a serious situation. Were taking it seriously. We have contingency plans developed. And at this point where we stand, we dont expect a material impact on our business. With regards to Kichler, no question about it. Kichler has been growth challenge in 2019. I mean, the overall lighting industry was significantly impacted by the tariffs. And we were firm on our pricing, and we were aggressive, one of the first out in the industry in building products in terms of pricing for these tariffs. And we did suffer a loss of a portion of our private label business. And as John mentioned, there is a inventory rebalancing at one of our large customers that we expect to take place. And weve outlined the impact across the quarter. So, certainly, the tariffs were not expected when we made this acquisition. In terms of your direct question regarding if weve changed our improvement approach. We really havent. Certainly, there was a change as it relates to pricing for tariffs, but Ive already discussed that. But fundamentally, we had a work plan to drive what we thought would be improvements in our cost structure and our total cost productivity. Weve done that. Were ahead of that plan and were going to continue to drive that and we expect to continue to outperform our plan, as it relates to productivity and cost. With regards to the top-line, its really about having the right products and the right commercial programs and relationship in the industry. And the Kichler brand is very strong, and we have in some cases 2 and 3 generations of customers that we continue to serve. And were focused on new products. And weve reinvigorated our new product development process. We just executed the launch in January and were receiving very positive feedback on that. Weve looked at and weve tweaked our dealer programs to simplify and incentivize our dealers. And our Kichler team is very focused on executing this plan. So, without a doubt, there were some volume challenges in 2019. Theyre going to continue through the first two quarters and then a little bit into the third quarter. And then as we exit 2020, were going to be on solid footing to return this business to growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: I wanted to follow up on the decorative side, just around that Q1 guidance for the 300 basis-point decline. It sounded like youre saying that thats largely reflective of the tariffs flowing through. And obviously, your full year guidance suggests that the margins will recover through the balance of the year. So, I guess, my question is more cadence-wise. Are you expecting kind of a steady improvement sequentially through the year, or is that margin improvement, kind of more waited to the end of the year as you anniversary those tariffs? Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Let me give you a little bit of color here. So, if you think about how the tariffs impacted us starting in 2019 and how they phased through our P&L through the course of the tail end of 2019 and going into 2020. We have about $60 million of incremental tariff costs impact to P&L in 2019. We expect another incremental $90 million to impact the P&L in 2020. And most of that $90 million should be in the first half the year. If you consider that $60 million started to flow through our P&L, kind of the middle of the third quarter and really hit us, the full effect hit us in the fourth quarter of 2020. So, we should experience the full impact in the first two quarters of the year. And then, it continued a little bit in the third quarter and this then should dissipate as we get into the fourth quarter of this year. So, weve implemented the pricing to mitigate the full $150 million of tariffs. But, were also continuing to work on margin recovery efforts through cost-out opportunities, supplier negotiations, and looking at other resourcing opportunities that we may have. The one thing that I should point out is we might face a little bit of margin compression, because what we are experiencing is cost recovery on these tariffs. So, we dont have necessarily margin dropping to the bottom line. That said, we should expect to resume some margin expansion in the back half of the year, once the tariffs work their way through the P&L. So, hopefully, thats helpful to you.
Matthew Bouley: It is. Thank you for that. And then secondly, just kind of bigger picture around Kichler. Just hoping you could elaborate a bit around kind of a longer term growth plans? I mean, kind of how you envision this business positioned from a channel perspective, or what I guess needs to change that that you think would allow this business to kind of return to growth after youve moved past some of these near term losses? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Similar answer to how I answered Stephens question. I think there was specific events that occurred in this business as it relates to tariffs and some losses in private label business and inventory rebalancing by a significant customer. As those things, particularly the tariffs begin to -- the loss of the private label rather begins to flow out through the year, this business will be on solid footing to return to growth. In terms of the specific strategies, its really about leveraging the strong brand and the deep channel relationships that we have in Kichler. And Kichler is one of the few businesses in this industry that have a broad presence across all channels. So, it is a multi-channel strategy for us. And fundamentally, at the root of that strategy is good products and great service. And were working through different programs, as I highlighted earlier, in terms of new product launches and commercial programs to drive incentives and to align -- not unlike what we did, as we revamped several years ago when we were down at Delta and went through this process, to revamp our product development, shore up our assortment, and make sure that our incentives were aligned to the specific needs of the channel. A little bit unique here in lighting is the movement to the e-commerce channel. And we have put in a leadership team, actually several players from Delta Faucet Company that were instrumental in driving our share leadership in e-business down to Kichler. We have a great team down there. And were focused across all channels, e-business, landscape, retail and showrooms. So, it really is a multipronged approach. But at the core of it, its commercial programs. Ive said it but Ill say it again, everything we do here at Masco is focused on productivity and cost productivity, and that will continue as Kichler as well. Thats a component of the plan that were outperforming and we intend to continue that. So, as I mentioned on my earlier answer, no significant change to the strategy. There were some defined events that happened to this business and were going to get through it. And at the end of the year, were going to be on solid footing, and were going to continue to grow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Wood with Nomura Instinet.
Michael Wood: I wanted to see if you can elaborate a bit more on the incentives that you called out impacting paint profitability in the presentation. And what are you seeing in terms of consumer reaction to these incentives? And if you could just talk about, maybe whats changed in the industry in terms of how competitors are behaving with pricing incentives in paint? 
John Sznewajs: Mike, I think, there might be a slight misinterpretation. Its incentives between ourselves and our retail partners, its not necessarily consumer-based incentives.
Michael Wood: Understand. So just to clarify that, youre saying that the actual price and incentives offered at the store have not necessarily changed. This is between you and large customers? 
John Sznewajs: Thats correct. Yes. Largely due to volume rebates that we have with our major customers.
Michael Wood: Great. And in terms of the market share gains that we should expect going forward for the business overall, if I do just rough back of the envelope math for the end market assumptions overlaid to your business, I get a roughly 2% growth rate and youre calling for 2% to 3%. Is that the typical share gain that youd expect, or is there something kind of impacting that thats preventing it from being larger?
John Sznewajs: No. I mean, its -- the share gains were expecting -- as you recall, weve got now a pro paint businesses thats now [technical difficulty] dollars. And so, its harder as -- when you get to the law of large numbers, and its harder to gain share off of that that base at the same rate that you are gaining share at when it was a much smaller business. But, we continue to invest behind that business. Our channel partner Home Depot continues to invest behind that business. We think we have established a very successful and winning model to attract the pro contractor into their stores and to buy paints. Its -- and to focus them on one of the highest ranked quality brands in the industry. So, between ourselves and Home Depot, we think weve established a terrific business model here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Dahl of RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Dahl: John, just a pick-up on the last question. If we think about the paint business, that pull forward into Q4, it looks like it was probably a couple of cents, and maybe thats borrowing from 2020 by the same amount and a point of top line in that segment I think. So, if you think about paint specifically, when you have DIY as a market flat; pro, low single to mid single flat, youve got that 1 point headwind. Do you expect to perform in line then with the broader paint market, even with that comp headwind, or do you still think you can outperform that those overall numbers?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike. So, to react to your comments you have, one, I think your mouth is largely right on the pull forward and the bottom line impact. As we think about the growth in both DIY and pro, we do think we can outpace the market in both instances. Were still -- even though were a $0.5 billion business now, we still have a relatively light market here and we still think there is further share to be gained in the pro. And as we look at our performance on the DIY portion of the business, again, because of our alignment with our channel partner at the Home Depot and the growth rates that theyre experiencing and the folks they draw to their stores, we think we can outpace the DIY market growth as well in here in 2020.
Michael Dahl: Second question, also following up on another question earlier about the kind of price tariff margin impact. I think, you were answering a question in aggregate, including Plumbing and lighting, talking about that pace of margin, and kind of the recovery on tariffs. But just to clarify, is that also specifically true for Plumbing? And it looks like within Plumbing, second part of this is -- your second half margins have to be up year-on-year to get to that flat full year, if youre down 100. And so, is that incremental actions around price, supply chain, raw materials benefiting you, or is that just pure volume leverage to get you to that?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike. So, again, youre right. My prior comments were about the enterprise-wide and not specifically with respect to any single segment. As you break down the plumbing segment, youre right. Those are -- the margin expansion that we expect in the second half of the year is required given the margin headwinds in the first half of the year due to the impacts of the tariffs. What we expect in the back half of the year is thats largely volume-driven. We dont expect any further pricing actions or anything else incremental outside of volume to drive that margin expansion in the back half of the year?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seldon Clarke with Deutsche Bank.
Seldon Clarke: Just continuing on the last question, how should we think about volume and price within your revenue guidance for plumbing and decorative?
John Sznewajs: So, if you think about volume -- I would consider most to be volume. As we indicated earlier, with the impact of the tariffs flowing through, we kind of laid out our top-line estimates. I expect modest pricing, very low impact at all on pricing, because of the pricing we put through on the tariffs back in 2019, early in 2019, I should say. And so, most of that is -- most of the growth that we have outlined for you today, both with the Decorative Architectural segment as well as the Plumbing segment and therefore the Company in total is volume-driven.
Seldon Clarke: And then, just kind of continuing on the 2021, you reiterated the expectation for $2.80 or $3 of earnings. But, I think you guided to something like a 16.8% underlying margin, which obviously implies another 80 basis points improvement on top of this year. Whats like the right bridge to think about on how to get there? Is that still going to be volume-driven or are there some cost actions that you see down the line or pricing actions that you see down the line a little bit longer term?
Keith Allman: A couple of things that would be driving our 2021 performance. Firstly, we anticipate that the tariff headwinds are behind us. In terms of the overall market, when we think about R&R as we mentioned in the earlier remarks, we expect an acceleration through 2020. And we believe that will hold into 2021, based on improving fundamentals, increase in our supply and the strong consumer. So, with the tariffs behind us, the market improving and continued growth as we talked about in terms of market share gain and pro, DIY paint and our Plumbing business with that drop down together with our planned repurchase, share repurchases in 2021, thats what gives us confidence in that $2.80 to $3 range for 2021.
Seldon Clarke: Okay. So, is 16.8 still kind of the right number to think about, roughly?
Keith Allman: Yes, I think so.
Seldon Clarke: Okay. I appreciate the time. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line is Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First question I just had, I just wanted to break down the tariff impact. And I guess, John, youve said earlier that you estimated there is about a $60 million impact in 2019 and incremental $90 million in 2020. I was just trying to get a sense for the offsetting actions to those headwinds through price, cost, specifically productivity, I think is -- if you want to throw that in there, if you feel that that was either supply chain or other things that you did specifically to offset. Im just trying to get a sense of the offsetting actions there to get to like a net headwind or such. How did you see that flow through in 2019, and how do you expect 2020 to shake out when you think of those offsetting actions?
Keith Allman: In round numbers, Mike, Id say, lets call it 90% of our mitigation actions were through price. So, that was the biggest lever that we pulled in 2019. So, that leaves about 10% in terms of the cost of the tariffs mitigated through supply chain resourcing, negotiations with suppliers and that sort of thing. Well continue to do that. The majority of our movement out of China is our existing suppliers that have established production in other low cost countries and well be ramping that up, well be moving some to -- in some limited cases to some new suppliers. But, thats a longer term play for us. And its going to take a while to do that. So fundamentally, when you think about the mitigation, it was mostly price. And weve put that through aggressively and early in 2019, and hence now with the combination of the timing of the tariffs and when they hit and more importantly the flow of inventory through our system into the P&L. Thats why we had that overhang and that $90 million headwind heading into 2020.
John Sznewajs: But, Mike, I guess, as we -- maybe to supplement Keiths comments here, as we exit 2020, we dont think theres going to be a net headwind. We think weve got between the pricing actions and the supply chains actions that Keith mentioned, we think weve got the impact of tariffs fully covered.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you. Secondly, I just wanted to circle back to circle back Kichler for a moment. And apologies, I know youve answered a bunch of questions. But, Im just trying to make sure I have some of the numbers right in how to think about the business as it is, by the end of this year. John, I think you said that private label and inventory rebalancing will each be $15 million in the first couple of quarters going to five in the third quarter. Was that right?
John Sznewajs: Maybe just to be clear. Collectively, the private label and inventory rebalancing will be $15 million in each of Q1 and Q2. So, total impact in the year, Mike of 35 from both of those actions.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. So, I was just trying to get a sense of, as the business has -- and I assume you had maybe a $15 million hit in 4Q. So, youre talking somewhere in the range of 50 to 100 -- 50 to maybe 75, depending on how things traversed in 2019, of a hit to revenue from your original purchase. Youve also talked a lot about the different types of cost actions that youve done to improve the business. I was just trying to get a sense of -- with all the moving pieces, how you would characterize the margins today or by the end of 2020 rather I think its more importantly, for that business relative to where you purchased it? Are you kind of in line, still a little bit behind or even ahead, given some of the company-specific actions and how you think about any potential further improvement in 2021? 
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike. So, with respect to the margins, we dont break out margins by individual company. I can appreciate the question. As Keith mentioned in his comments a couple minutes ago, we continue to work and successfully work on supply chain and cost-out initiatives at Kichler. Clearly, the volume has been a little bit more of a headwind than we would have anticipated when we bought the company. But thats about as much as we can say on that topic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America.
John Lovallo: Just sticking with lighting here. And I dont mean to beat a dead horse. But, just from a broader industry perspective, Im just curious, theres been a number of headwinds obviously, and you guys have handled them fairly well. The question is, though, is there any concern that theres something structurally changing in the lighting industry similar to maybe what were seeing in cabinets and flooring as it pertains to consumer preference that is creating a headwind here?
Keith Allman: No, we dont view it as a structural change. If there was anything that would be approaching a structural change, it would be the shift to e-commerce. But thats -- were seeing that honestly pretty broadly across a number of our product categories. So, no, its not a -- we dont view it as a structural hit. It was definitely a significant change. When you talk about an industry thats by and large imported from China, we have the kind of tariffs that we had come into there. So its -- thats more of a onetime event as it relates to the change, versus a structure. Theres -- its a significant component of the remodel process. And it continues to be that. It certainly is a design cue, its very design-forward. What it takes to win in this industry, as it relates to consumer intimacy and understanding design trends and having a product -- a new product introduction, process thats solid, those things havent changed. So, we know how to compete in this industry. And the change really has been that that tariffs that came in, and were going to put that behind us throughout the course of 2020. And then, were going to return to a growth rate.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thanks, Keith. And then, John, just on the SG&A front for $310 million in the quarter, that was up fairly meaningfully dollar basis and also as a percentage of sales. Can you just help us understand maybe some of the key drivers under that, please?
John Sznewajs: Yes. Sure, John. As you may recall, last fourth quarter is actually one of the lightest quarters we had in SG&A in a long time. So, maybe its more of a low SG&A comp that we are up against. The one thing that you may recall that we called out in the fourth quarter call last year as we did have a $4 million gain on a sale of a building, which did not occur, which would be a headwind against that comp. But, I think it was more just extremely tight or low SG&A last year on kind of a one-off basis as opposed to anything else.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates.
Justin Speer: I just wanted to unpack some of your more margin forecasts. You mentioned the 300 basis-point headwind in the first quarter being more -- out of the Decorative Architectural segment being more tariff affected. But then, Im trying to reconcile that with the fact that you obtained price. Are you just saying that its volume deleverage or is there something else, is there a lag in your pricing relative to the cost rolling through? Can you help me understand that? And then also, on top of that, just any tailwind from lower raw material costs across your business, or lower -- and even transport costs, any other factors that are offsets that we need to be aware of?
John Sznewajs: Yes. So just -- a couple of questions in there. Let me try to address those. So, in terms of the margin degradation from the fourth quarter to Q1, theres a couple of things going on there. One is lower volumes, right? We referenced the fact that we lost a portion on private label program. Also with the pull forward in paint, that $20 million obviously comes out a little bit, that should indicate we have lower volumes in Q1. Were anticipating lower volumes, I guess, I should say in Q1 in a Decorative Architectural segment, that would help drive that operating profit margin lower. In terms of raw material costs, -- the third thing I should say is, on the margin side is the tariffs, because its cost recovery, that will drive margins lower as well. On the offset side, obviously, we always work on cost productivity. In terms of commodity costs, specifically, the input costs to paint have moderated here in the -- since a year ago. But recall, the way things work with particularly with our paint business is that, -- we tend to be price cost neutral over time. And so, may have -- that would impact margins. So, it is really -- as prices moderate, input costs moderate, there may be some impact on pricing as well. So, I think that puts it all together. Did I hit all your questions?
Justin Speer: Well, I guess, Im just trying to understand because I know theres a lot of unevenness with the paint, because last year,, I guess in the first quarter of 2019, your comps were down 7%. I know some of that was Kichler. But that was because you had pull forward the prior year. So, I would have thought that those would have kind of evened out, such that you wouldnt have as much of an impact there from the coding side, and obviously of the Kichler business. But, Im just trying to reconcile your comment that its mostly tariffs that are hitting you. Is it -- its not the tariff cost that youre trying to get price and youve lost share as a result of that or losing business, and thats affecting your margin profile in the Decorative Architectural segment?
John Sznewajs: I dont know if you -- maybe I didnt communicate right. But I think, if you go into Q1, Id say there is going to be lost volume, we talked about the lost programs. And so, thats going to be the main contributor to the margin degradation, followed by the tariff impact. Of the two, volume is a much greater impact than the tariffs on the margins in Q1.
Justin Speer: That makes sense. And then, lastly for me is just who youre losing share to in the lighting businesses? Is there perhaps another player that doesnt source from China thats advantaged post tariffs? Because I was under the impression that everyone was kind of in the same sandbox, so to speak, in terms of the supply chain, or is it something else?
Keith Allman: I think, the industry is down. I think, the impact of the tariffs industry-wide has been in effect. Were not -- we havent really identified any single competitor thats particularly taking more share than another one, across the board.
Justin Speer: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Can you give us, in 2019, what was North American Plumbing growth?
John Sznewajs: North American Plumbing growth was 2%, I think for the full year, Keith?
Keith Hughes: Is that all volume or is there pricing in there?
John Sznewajs: There was a little bit of pricing in there. Yes. I mean, if you consider the tariffs, actually a fair amount of pricing in there. We put in place to offset the tariff impact, Keith, probably in Q1 and Q2 of last year. 
Keith Hughes: Okay. And so, youre not expecting -- and I think you said this earlier, youre not expecting any price in this Plumbing guidance that youve given us for -- again, let me ask this way, in North America, you dont expect any price coming in, in 2020 in plumbing?
John Sznewajs: Not much. Keith, there might be a little bit of it we put in, but not a ton. No.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thats all. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies. 
Phil Ng: Hey, guys. Can you give us a sense how we should think about the pace of buybacks as you lay that in, in 2020? And then, any update on the M&A pipeline?
John Sznewajs: In terms of -- Ill take the share repurchase question, Phil, and Ill let Keith talk about the M&A pipeline. In terms of the way were thinking about it is, I think we mentioned, well probably do a large portion, maybe a good chunk of the proceeds that we get from the Cabinetry transaction, surely after the proceeds are received, so. And then, through the balance of the year, we look to deploy the balance of the $500 million to $600 million that we discussed. That will probably be more opportunistic, depending on how the market plays out. In terms of M&A pipeline, Keith, why dont you take that?
Keith Allman: Phil, our pipeline remains solid. We continue to drive it. Overall, I would say that the M&A activity was a little bit slower in 19 than I expected with the global trade uncertainty and some of the business valuations being in flux because of that. But it seems to pick up -- have picked up lately. We like some of the things that were looking at. Most of them are fairly small. I would say that seller expectations still remain high. So, were going to be patient. But, solid pipeline.
Phil Ng: Got it. And just one last one for me. On the lighting stuff, I mean, obviously, theres some tariff dynamic and share loss. As we think about 2021, when you work through some of these issues, and you got -- as Keith mentioned you expect to return to growth. Should we expect margins in that segment, Decorative, to kind of get back to that 18% to 19% range?
Keith Allman: Well, were going to continue with that growth. We have a good drop down on that incremental volume. Well continue to drive that. So, I would expect that margins would be improving as we compare 20 to 21. 
Phil Ng: Okay.
John Sznewajs: Phil, you may recall, we laid out 17.5% to 18% margins in that segment per our Investor Day in September. And we -- our thought process around that has not changed since September.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Truman Patterson with Wells Fargo.
Truman Patterson: First, I wanted to touch on the coronavirus again. Could you dig into that a little bit more? What portion of Plumbing Products have component piece sourced from China? And Keith, I believe you mentioned contingency plans as well. Just trying to understand whats going on there. And it does seem like its intensifying. Could you discuss your current inventory balances and maybe an update of your supply chain, if plans actually remain shut for another week or two? Will that actually impact the product that you can get on shelves?
Keith Allman: Our factories are coming up to speed. Really, that represents about a week of delay over what would normally be -- have been a delay related to the Chinese New Year. So, theyre coming up. Theyre coming up a little bit slower than what they would normally. We have about 15% of our workforce in our biggest plant, for example. And thats going to be coming into the course of the next week, week and a half. As I said earlier from a volume perspective, a lot of the retail home improvement malls and dealers remain close and theyll be opening. Anticipated -- again, theres a lot in flux here. But therell be a happening over the course of the next week or two. So, with China representing 3% of our revenue, as I said in an earlier answer on the Q&A session here, were not anticipating it to have a material impact on us. In terms of contingencies, as I said, were looking at premium freight to help us with some of the delivery so that we can maintain our outstanding fill rate and lead time proposition to the customers. And were continuing to keep an eye on it. Were most keenly paying attention to the help our employees, and weve got different procedures and policies to make sure that were paying attention to that first and foremost. Its a fluid situation were watching closely. And as I said, were not anticipating it to have a material impact on our results, at this time.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, on R&R side pretty slow in 2019. It looks like your guidance has R&R picking up a little here. Are you actually seeing activity start to recover early in 2020? And if so, do you think weather has had any impact on that? Im just trying to understand how sustainable any kind of near-term green shoots are.
Keith Allman: I think, the weather has been pretty good, all things considered and what it could have been. Were calling R&R at that 3% to 4% growth range and we see it accelerating towards the back half. When were looking at the numbers in the economic indicators that we look at, generally theres lag from those numbers to R&R. So, we feel confident in that 3% to 4% R&R with acceleration in the back half.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude todays conference call. Thank you all for joining. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Masco Corporations 2019 Third Quarter Conference Call. My name is Twanda and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes only. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Twanda Amy, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2019 third quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one followup. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial metrics. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted metrics to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. Finally, please note that we have accounted for our Windows businesses as discontinued operations for all periods presented. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 4. In the third quarter our topline increased 3% excluding the impact of currency, driven by growth in Plumbing, and strong performance in our Paint business. Operating profit grew 8% and operating margins expanded 80 basis points to 16.7% in the quarter due to higher volume, pricing actions, and disciplined cost control. Our EPS grew 11% to $0.68 per share. Turning to our segment performance, our Plumbing segment grew 1% or 3% in local currency. Delta had a record sales quarter led by growth in paving and sanitary ware products, Brizo, our showroom brand and pricing actions. Additionally, I am proud that for the fifth time Delta Faucet Company achieved the WaterSense Sustained Excellence Award. This is the highest partner recognition from the U.S. EPA awarded for Delta's continued outstanding efforts to advance the WaterSense program and promote water efficiency. Watkins also had another record sales quarter, as it continued to gain share in the spa market with its broad assortment of price points, programs and innovative products. International Plumbing grew 5% in local currency due to strong growth in Germany, China, and France, as Hansgrohe launched new products into the market as we discussed last quarter. In our Decorative Architectural segment, sales grew 5%. This growth was led by low double-digit growth in our paint business, including high single-digit growth in DIY Paint and double-digit growth in Pro Paint. We capitalized on pent-up demand and gained share in the paint market with our industry leading brands, quality and service, along with great execution by our Behr team and our partner the Home Depot. During the fourth quarter, we will continue to work with the Home Depot to enhance the shopping experience with new color centers, new color selection tools, and new products. Moving onto Cabinetry, our cabinets sales declined 3% in the quarter. This decline was largely due to mix as our lower price point Merillat, Quality and Cardell brands performed very well in the quarter. Despite the lower sales, we expanded margins in this segment by 210 basis points in the quarter, and achieved operating margins of 11.7% due to pricing actions and cost control. Turning to capital allocation, we continued our share repurchase activity in the quarter by repurchasing 3.8 million shares for approximately $151 million, bringing our year-to-date share repurchase total to $440 million. As it relates to our divestitures, we completed the divestiture of our UK Window business in early September and are very pleased to have signed an agreement to divest Milgard for $725 million. We anticipate closing this transaction in the fourth quarter and expect net proceeds after tax and expenses to be approximately $560 million. We will likely deploy $200 million of these proceeds towards retiring our March 2020 notes and the remainder towards share repurchases during the fourth quarter. In addition, we're making good progress on the sale of Cabinetry and we remain on track with that process. Lastly, due to the treatment of our Windows businesses as discontinued operations and our continued performance as expected we are narrowing and updating our anticipated earnings per share for 2019 to be in the range of $2.52 to $2.56 from our previous range of $2.62 to $2.72. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith and good morning everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance from continuing operations excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning to Slide 6, sales increased 2% and grew 3% in local currency. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted our third quarter revenue by approximately $15 million. In local currency, North American sales increased 3% in the quarter. This performance was driven by volume growth in our Paint business and disciplined pricing actions across all segments. This was partially offset by lower volumes in our Lighting and Hardware businesses and mix impact in our Cabinetry business. In local currency International sales increased 5% in the quarter with strong growth in Central Europe and China. Gross margins were 34.4%, up 80 basis points. Our SG&A as a percent of sales matched prior year at 17.7% as we remained focused on cost control. We delivered solid bottom line performance as operating income increased 8% to $326 million with operating margins expanding 80 [ph] basis points to 16.7%. Our EPS was $0.68 in the quarter, an increase of 11% compared to the third quarter of 2018. We are narrowing and updating our annual EPS estimate range to $2.52 to $2.56 per share to reflect discontinued operations accounting for our Windows set. This compared to a full-year 2018 adjusted EPS of $2.39 per share with Windows in discontinued operations. Refer to Slide 18 in the appendix of our earnings call deck, for historical quarterly information restated for the Windows segment in discontinued operations. This EPS estimate range also assumed the last three tariffs remain at 25% and the four tariffs remain at 15%, a portion of which was effective on September 1. Any changes to announce tariffs at this point in the year will have minimal effects on our fourth quarter results. Turning to Slide 7, Plumbing segment sales increased 1%. Excluding the impact of currency, sales increased to 3%. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted this segment's sales by approximately $15 million in the quarter. North American sales increased to 2% in local currency in the third quarter against a tough 9% comp in the third quarter of 2018. Growth was helped by our Spa business which delivered another record sales quarter. Delta also achieved another record sales quarter due to pricing actions and growth in our showroom oriented Brizo products and the Delta branded bathing and sanitary ware products. International Plumbing sales increased 5% in local currency. This performance was driven by Hansgrohe's growth in Central Europe and China as it experienced strong demand for two recently introduced products. The segment's operating profit growth of 5% was driven by higher volume and pricing actions. For full-year 2019 we continue to expect plumbing sales growth to be the 1% to 3% range and margins similar to 2018, as we feel more of the cost impact of tariffs in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, our 2018 fourth quarter results benefited from approximately $10 million on sales pulled forward. Turning to Slide 8, Decorative Architectural Products grew 5%. This performance was driven by low double-digit growth in our Paint business with high single-digit growth in DIY and double-digit growth in Pro. Exterior paints and deck stains experienced strong growth in the quarter due to pent up demand from earlier in the year and solid execution by our Behr team and our channel partner. Paint sales were partially offset by lower sales in our lighting and builder hardware businesses as disciplined pricing actions impacted volumes in the quarter. Operating income in the third quarter grew compared to prior year due to increased volume, selling price increases, and continued focus on cost control and productivity initiatives, partially offset by higher year-over-year commodity costs in Paint, Lighting and builders hardware. For full-year 2019 we continue to expect Decorative Architectural Products sales growth will be in the 1% to 3% range including the benefit of the Kichler acquisition and operating margins will be in the higher end of the 17% to 18% range driven by our strong performance and cost control year-to-date. For the fourth quarter, recall that we faced a difficult 8% sales comp as we experienced approximately $20 million in sales pulled forward in Q4 2018, and we will feel more of the impact of tariffs on material costs in the fourth quarter of this year. Turning to Slide 9, in the Cabinetry segment, sales decreased 3% in the quarter. This performance was driven by a software market, mix, and a difficult 11% sales comp against the third quarter of 2018 when excluding the Moores divestiture. This decline was partially offset by pricing actions and growth in our lower price point offerings. Segment profitability increased in the quarter by $4 million with margins of 11.7%, an increase of 210 basis points driven by pricing actions and cost control partially offset by mix. We continue to expect full-year 2019 sales growth between zero and 3%. However, based on our year-to-date performance and continued cost control, we now expect full-year margins to be approximately 10.5% and an improvement of approximately 150 basis points from our prior guidance. Turning to Slide 10, our balance sheet remains strong with net debt to EBITDA at 1.8 times and we ended the quarter with approximately $1.5 billion dollars of balance sheet and liquidity. Working capital as a percent of sales improved 20 basis points versus the prior year to 16%. As a result of moving our Windows business to discontinued operations, we now expect full-year working capital as a percent of sales will be approximately 15.5%. During the third quarter we continued our focus on shareholder value creation by repurchasing 3.8 million shares for approximately $151 million. Lastly, as Keith mentioned, we were pleased to enter into an agreement to sell Milgard Windows in September which will likely close in the fourth quarter. We expect proceeds after tax and expenses to be approximately $560 million from this transaction. At this time, we anticipate using the proceeds to paydown our $200 million debt maturity and for proximally $400 million of share repurchases. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. I'm pleased with our performance so far in 2019 and the second half of the year is progressing as expected. Our teams have done a tremendous job to position us to offset the impact of tariffs, while delivering on our commitments. Our markets are largely performing as planned with modest improvement expected in the second half of 2019. Furthermore, the fundamentals of our markets remained solid and supportive of long-term growth. Existing home sales have improved to nearly 5.4 million units for the past three months, up about 3% from last quarter. Home prices, which are highly correlated with repair and remodel spending, continue to appreciate and the consumer remains healthy, with wages continuing to grow and unemployment at a 50-year low. As many of you know, we recently held an Investor Day where we outlined our strategy and the initiatives that will drive growth over the next two to three years. In addition, we further detailed the next chapter of Masco as a focused and more resilient plumbing and decorative products company. We have already begun to execute on these strategies with the completed the divestiture of our UK Window business, a signed agreement to divest Milgard for $725 million and very good progress with the Cabinetry sale process. Against solid fundamentals and focused execution on our strategies, strong cash flow and balanced capital allocation, we will continue to create value for our shareholders. With that, we will now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Everscore. Your line is open.
Stephen Kim: Thanks very much guys. Congratulations on a good quarter. I wanted to ask if I could about your Plumbing business, in particular the International business which it seemed like it performed well. You attributed that to Germany, China, and France. Last quarter I think you called out some weakness in LatAm, Italy, and Turkey, but what I'm trying to understand is, you attributed a lot of the strength to introducing new products into the market, and I was wondering if you could help us understand how much of the strength we saw there in the Plumbing International was due to like a load-in kind of a process, how much of it do you see as underlying growth which can continue, and whether the market you called out last quarter which were soft have improved or if Germany, China and France has simply offset that through the new products?
Keith Allman: I'll take that one Stephen, good morning. The overall growth was more from the good sell-through of those products and it was load-in and there was always a little bit of load-in in the channel, but fundamentally those products were taking off well and they are well received. In Italy and Turkey, haven't seen anything that's remarkable with regards to how those are performing. In other words, really not much of a change there from how they have performed. It has really been a case of solid performance and good traction with our new products as we look across Central Europe and China. Our brands, the Hansgrohe and the high end actual brand is very well regarded in that space when you look at both through distribution and particularly when you look at the international projects, hotels, cruise ships, and the like. So we have strong brands and the new products are doing well, more from the sales of those products. And in some of the challenged markets, they kind of remained stable, where they were when we talked last quarter.
John Sznewajs: Yes and Stephen, the only the one thing I would probably add to Keith's comments, would be that if you look at our performance in the third quarter of 2018, I think we're up against relatively easy comp here in the third quarter of 2019, so I think that also aided in the top line growth that you saw.
Stephen Kim: Okay, got it. That's helpful, thank you guys. Second question relates to cabinet business which put up a very strong margin in this quarter, stronger than we were expecting and I know you took your guide for the year. I was curious as to, as we think about the fourth quarter though, it seems based on our numbers that we're looking for a pretty noticed, or you're looking for a noticeable decline in momentum in the margin there. And so, I was just curious if you could comment on if there was any change in the margin trajectory in cabinets that is tied to actions that are worth calling out? And has there been any shifting of overhead out of cabinets that are also worth calling out?
Keith Allman: No real change in the margins trajectory. There hasn't been a shift of overhead if you will out of the business Stephen. With regards to the top line, we are lapping a pretty soft Q4 from 2018. If you recall the activity and this part of our business really slowed down late last year and we don't anticipate that happening. And we are also launching some significant new products in the quarter, few new doors, more of the focus is on finishes and paint and the like, and we've you may recall put in some new technology in Paint and we think that has us in a very competitive position where we can do color changeovers almost in a batch of one type scenario with very minimal loss of productivity. So we're able now to launch more frequently new colors and do it in an efficient way. And I think you see that when you look at the very competitive margin that we have against some of the broader industries and at relatively low volume when you look at where we stand. So we're working hard to leverage those investments. We're up against a little bit of a soft comp, but no real change in terms of any kind of overhead.
Stephen Kim: Great, thanks Keith.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: Hey guys, thank you for taking my questions. The first one is, you gave us the EPS guide which is helpful, I'm just curious if there's any other moving pieces for comparable EBITDA forecast for the full-year? It looks like D&A is and interest, it looks like it is unchanged, but are there any other pieces or maybe could you just provide us with a 2019 EBITDA guide?
John Sznewajs: Yes, and John maybe, maybe I'll approach it in a different way with the discontinued ops and maybe give everyone a little bit better color as to how this impacted, is in pulling the Windows business out of continuing ops and into discontinued ops affected more of the bottom line. And maybe had an EBITDA that helped maybe obviously get you there and I dont get your question just by me now. So if you think about, well as we exited the second quarter, but when  because right now consensus estimate [indiscernible] because people, some people have already pulled Windows out, but if you think about it, at the end of the second quarter before anyone started pulling it out, our consensus for Q3 at that time was $0.71 per share. Consensus at the time for the Windows segment was about $21 million. Now the one thing you have to add to that, when you pull Windows from continuing ops into discontinued ops, you have to add back about $1 million in corporate expense against, that was allocated to the Windows segment. So call it $22 million. That $22 million is roughly $0.06 a share. So that $0.71 consensus for Q3 should have been about $0.65 once for Q3 once you pull the Windows business out. And then if you take a look at that, that same kind of math for the full-year John, full-year guide at the time was $2.62 to $2.72 again as we exited the second quarter. So the midpoint of that range was $2.66. Now when you remove the Windows from continuing ops and put it into discontinued ops, you pull about $40 million of operating profit, add to that I should say, about $5 million of corporate cost will come back to Masco, so about $45 million in aggregate, $45 million in aggregate with $45 million in aggregate adds up to about $0.12 in EPS. So if you think about $2.66 midpoint less that $0.12 is about $2.54 a share, which is right in the heart of our current revised range of $2.52, right in the spot where we thought we would be as we exited the second quarter. So I'm hopeful that's helpful and hopefully that answers your question. If it didn't, let me know.
John Lovallo: Yes. No, that's very helpful. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, the debt paydown that you guys are talking about, now that seems like maybe a slight change of plan for the sale proceeds. Am I thinking about that right or was this kind of contemplated all along?
John Snewajs: Contemplated all along, John. Recall that at March 2020 maturity is only $200 million of [indiscernible] index eligible. So to refinance that we had always contemplated paying that down, and we did also get that out and mentioned that at the Investor Day. So I don't think there is anything, -- no, there is no new news there on that one.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Wood with Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Michael Wood: Hi. Good morning. Just a follow-up on the guidance, that reiteration at the midpoint excluding the discontinued ops, I see the Cabinetry and Decorative look like they were increased in terms of the profitability from the prior guidance. So can you just talk about what the offsets to that were?
John Snewajs: So, I think John or Mike, sorry, the offset to that would be perhaps a little bit lower volume that we experienced here in a little bit in Q3 in the Plumbing segment and a little bit in the Cabinetry segment, as well as some of the -- that particularly might continue as we go into the fourth quarter. As we've been putting in pricing some of that may add to a little bit with pricing elasticity there.
Michael Wood: Okay. And did the exterior paint and stain boost that you talk about, have more of an impact in either PRO or DIY. So could you just talk about what you saw I guess in growth for those two sub segments in Interior?
Keith Allman: If you look, Mike, paint volume was probably the largest contributor in this segment in terms of growth. We did have some price, but we're pleased with the low double-digit growth that we saw in the segment. It feels like we gained a bit of share, both in PRO and DIY. Our investments continued to pay off in the PRO and we continue to expand our capabilities. Pleased with the rollout of the new color center along with the Home Depot that's going well, that really enhances the shop -- shopping experience and leverages our leading quality position, the great value. So we think we outperformed the market a little bit. Understandably, it is hard to pin the exact size of the market and quarter, from quarter-to-quarter, but with our low double-digit growth, we think we had a good quarter.
John Snewajs: Yes, Mike, and maybe to be more specific to the question, we don't think we saw real distinction between performance in exterior and deck stains in PRO versus DIY, we think it was pretty consistent with across both of those end customers.
Michael Wood: Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. And John thanks for the clarity on the moving pieces around the guide. Follow-up to your response to one of Mike's questions on Plumbing and the elasticity comment, I think that was an area that you focused on that at the Investor Day as well. So just hoping if you could give us a little more color on how the environment has evolved over the past couple of months as you've looked to implement additional pricing to cover tariffs and just how you're thinking about the price volume trade off right now in Plumbing specifically?
Keith Allman: Mike this is Keith. We really haven't seen a change in terms of the elasticity or the dynamic of volume as it relates to pricing. We continued to see that the lower price point products tend to be more sensitive to price movement. Understandably there still is a lot of pricing activity occurring in the market. So it remains a challenge frankly to understand the specific SKU level elasticity competition around that particular price point in the assortment is so dynamic. So we've -- we feel we have a good handle on the elasticity and we have factored that in as it relates to how we go out with subsequent price increases to try to hit that sweet spot and lessen the volume impact. With regards specifically to where we stand in the tariffs, we've largely implemented price and other measures to offset the 25% list three tariffs. And we continue to work -- you know it's a very dynamic and we'll see what happens ultimately, with the second part of list four, and whether or not there is any changes to list three. So it's a dynamic environment, but fundamentally, not a lot has changed with regards to what we're driving. We're going to continue to work with our customers and with our supply chains. We're driving internal productivity teams to mitigate existing and any potential future tariffs.
Michael Dahl: That's helpful. Thanks Keith. A follow-up question, just shifting gears to Paint and the environment there, obviously is strong volumes and margins in the quarter. One of the areas that I think has been point of concern for some of the investment community is really just the promotional environment and what we're seeing more at a retail level between the big box customers, can you talk about just how the promotional environment has evolved in Paint and whether you expect and include any change in that dynamic within your fourth quarter commentary?
Keith Allman: Yes. Mike, the promotional environment has picked up a little bit so far this year, I'd say. I would add that our partner has been disciplined with their promotional activity, and we think that makes a lot of sense. We have selectively promoted certain products and have held certain events and we'll do that if we think it will drive profitable sales, but ultimately we're choosing to compete on the quality of our products, the selection, the service, the store environment, rather than just simply price and I think our Q3 results reflect that.
John Snewajs: And Mike, I'd like to -- one thing I'd like to reinforce that Keith said, is really the promotional cadence and amount is really determined by the retailers. It's not determined by the manufacturers. So it's really in their hands to determine those actions.
Michael Dahl: Okay. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Philip Ng: Hey guys. A competitor of yours mentioned a slower start to 3Q in general, but activity picked up in September and October. So curious if you've seen any directional change in the activity intra-quarter and if that's leading into fourth quarter, given your comment on the macro front on a pretty positive?
Keith Allman: Phil, we really don't like to talk about short-term trends in a -- very short-term trends in our business. So, we posted a good Q3 and there is always month-to-month changes in our business. So, I don't want to take too much away from any short-term performance in the company.
Philip Ng: Got it. And can you give us an update on where you are with the Cabinetry divestiture and given what you were able to get from a proceed standpoint on Windows, it seems like there could be some upside to what you guided at the Investor Day?
Keith Allman: If the process is going well it's a competitive process that speaks well to the quality of the business. We will talk more in detail as we get a signed agreement. For now, we'll just say that the process is going as planned.
Philip Ng: Okay. All right. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Justin Speer: Hi, good morning. Thank you, guys. I was curious on your comment of raw material headwinds in the fourth quarter in Decorative. I would have expected tailwind, so I just wanted to get some context there?
Keith Allman: Justin, I would - I think it's important to note that raw materials and our cost basket are still up year-over-year. We are seeing some moderation for resins and TIO2. Long term, I'd remind you that when we look at our relationship between price and commodities, we tend to be flush over time. So were not expecting significant material benefits to our margins and there is other costs at play here as well including labor and freight to name a couple. But fundamentally, we are seeing some moderation, but our basket is still up year-over-year.
Justin Speer: And does that cost basket you mentioned, does that also include - I think last quarter you mentioned in-store display spend increasing year-over-year in the second half, and particularly in the fourth quarter. Is that still the case? Maybe if you can give some context on how much that headwind is to profitability incrementally this year versus last year?
John Snewajs: Yes. Justin, that would be relatively small and not worth really calling out. The other thing that will have an impact on the fourth quarter is the fact that we'll feel more of the fuller effect of the tariffs in the fourth quarter, in that - particularly in that segment, because recall both Liberty Hardware and Kichler faced more of an import  are more of an import model, I should say. So that rolls into the cost basket as well.
Justin Speer: Okay. And then, just following up on that one last question, just if you can give us a sense for how you're preparing for the step-up in tariffs as you look to next year, maybe elaborate on how you feel about pricing and productivity, I know you touched it on a bit, those efforts, whether or not you can - you think you could fully offset as you see it today tariffs as you look to next year?
Keith Allman: Really no change from what we commented at the Investor Day. We think we've done a good job through a combination of levers, both productivity, working with our supply base to drive cost down. Some value engineering work that we've been really has been ongoing and then of course some pricing actions to cover list three. We have a go get out there for list four and we are working on doing that with regards to what might happen if list three goes up or the second phase of list four goes in, we'll have to see when that - if and when that comes. In terms of how we're approaching it, again really no change. We're working hard on cost out. We're working hard on value engineering and we're going to continue to drive price factoring in what we're learning and this has been a learning process as it relates to the dynamics of the various assortments and all the moving parts and the price elasticity. So we're going to continue to be strategic in all aspects particularly in how we apply price.
Justin Speer: Thank you for the color. I appreciate it guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, just wanted to hit on and go back to the Windows proceeds and apologies if I didn't hear this right in the prepared remarks, but just wanted to get a sense number one, relative to your proceeds guidance back at the Analyst Day, roughly, what was the delta given the proceeds did appear to be a bit more than we were expecting? I was just curious, based on your original proceeds guidance if there were some delta that you'd like to share with us? And as a result of that, does that change at all the timing and split of proceeds as it relates to share repurchase? I know that initially you guys have talked about maybe half upfront and half over the next nine months, given the change in what appears to be the higher than expected proceeds for Windows, dDoes that change any of your thoughts in terms of the capital allocation?
John Snewajs: Yes, Mike. So a couple of questions have been in there and the first one with respect to our total anticipated proceeds from the transactions and we said at Investor Day that we would expect at least $1 billion after-tax from these transactions. And I think we're definitely on pace to achieve that though as Keith mentioned we are working hard on the Cabinetry business and while we like the progress, it's not - there's not much to talk about at this point on that one. With respect to our thoughts on allocating the capital or the proceeds that we receive from the Windows sale and if you think about that and how our cadence of cash flow comes in with the business. So we expect about $560 million of after-tax proceeds from that transaction and you consider that we've been roughly putting out about - in line with our $600 million initial guidance of share repurchases a year, and we're about $450 million year-to-date, so that would imply we've got $150 million to go plus the $560 million, so we'll call it roughly $700 million of capital allocate based on the proceeds from the Milgard transaction. Well, if you think about the $200 million of debt retirement plus approximately $400 million to maybe a little bit more than that of share repurchase in the fourth quarter of this year, you get pretty close to that $700 million that we look to allocate. So I think our capital allocation is very much in line with what we communicated at the Investor Day. So we feel confident, we like where we are at, we like how transactions have evolved and so we feel good and confident about how we're allocating the capital.
Michael Rehaut: Now, that's great, John, I appreciate the detailed answer there. That was helpful. I guess, secondly, just going back to an earlier question around cabinet margins, I know you don't like to get too bogged down on these calls on segment margins by quarter, but the implied guidance, unless I'm doing the math wrong and I'd love your thoughts here, but the implied guidance were roughly 10.5% margins for cabinets for the full year, does imply a pretty steep fall off in the fourth quarter something around even 7% to 8%, if I'm doing the math right, which would be a nice year-over-year decline. So I was just curious if there's anything that I'm doing wrong there, any items driving 4Q to have such a down year-over-year quarter after you've had such strong results for the first three quarters of the year?
John Snewajs: Yes, Mike, no, I don't think there's anything significant that's driving that down. I do - would remind you that seasonally the fourth quarter tends to be one of our slower quarters and so maybe it is more of the natural seasonal slowdown in that business that is driving the lower margin in the fourth quarter. Other than that, there is no one-off or unique items that we anticipate flowing through in Q4.
Michael Rehaut: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Kenneth Zener: Good morning, gentlemen.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Ken.
John Snewajs: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Zener: I want to make sure I have you guys. What if I could ask a question a little differently about Plumbing trends? The strength that you guys have seen and stability, is there given how last year in the second half of '18 demand kind of deteriorated in some housing dynamics. Can you comment regionally to the extent you feel comfortable about any insights you might have, I mean, because for example the west which had contracted slowdown has improved. I mean can you discuss maybe a little bit how regional cadences flow through your business just to give us any insight?
Keith Allman: There is - there hasn't been a significant material difference as we look at the different regions, from what we typically expect. There is different things that happen from weather, we tend that to talk about that very much, but certainly there is some regional impact as storms and weather roll through. We have some ebbs and flows in different regions as it relates to new construction activity, but remember that we're about 90% repair and remodeling. So that tends to have a less of an effect on us. We have different inventory and volume flows through channels that can affect us. So if you step back and really look at it, we haven't experienced a significant variability in terms of regional trends other than what we all talk about is as I said in terms of some weather patterns, really not a lot of difference.
Kenneth Zener: Okay. I appreciate that. I just thought I might ask you. Now Keith, I heard your comments on - earlier on price elasticity. Let me ask it this way, is the lower price point impacted by tariffs more, simply because tariffs are greater percent of the actual price versus the higher ended smaller percentage? Is that part of the dynamic that we would expect to see there is the lower price point impact from tariff price increases for increased...
Keith Allman: Sorry of that Ken, I stepped on it a little bit. Not really as it relates to the percentages per se, because the tariffs are basically a percent applied to the purchase cost, so that tends to be relatively the same. Where it tends to effect really is more of the sensitivity at that low price point and the fact that not always, but by and large when you look at goods that are procured from China, they tend to be more on that lower price point, part of the assortment. So it's not so much percentage that, when you look at make versus buy, the buy tends to be a little bit heavier, skewed on the opening price points. And then you combine that with the more sensitivity to that price point that's where the elasticity comes to play.
Kenneth Zener: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Truman Patterson with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Truman Patterson: Hi. Good morning guys. Nice results. First I wanted to circle back on cabinets a little bit in the sale. The cabinets is having a very solid year, I think third quarter our profit was up almost 20%, so a nice results. At the same time when you look at the outlook, it appears more favorable. We've got some antidumping duties on the Chinese importers, et cetera. Is there a possibility that the sale maybe gets pushed back a little bit and doesn't close in the first quarter as you adjust your sales proceeds target and is that sales proceeds target higher today than maybe it was two or three quarters ago?
Keith Allman: We haven't changed our target. We talked at Investor Day about being more than a $1 billion and we're not moving off of that target. We feel good obviously about the transaction that came through with Windows. You mentioned antidumping, that really is not an impact on our sales process. On the cost side, we've been working through mitigating actions for quite some time now, we saw this coming and have moved the majority, far way the majority of our sourcing China for cabinets. So that's already been factored into it. It's been a competitive process. The process is going well and we have not changed our expectations in terms of timing.
Truman Patterson: Okay. And then on the PRO paint business, I believe at your Investor Day, you said that it was maybe 7% or so of market share nationwide around those levels. I know that there is kind of a multi-year run rate - runway to really grow this business, but is there a certain share or could you just discuss some of the share gains that you're targeting over the next several years?
Keith Allman: Our PRO sales now are approximately 25% of our coatings revenue. So we have seen good growth and good market share over the past, call it five years, that we've been strategically driving this initiative and this program. Very pleased with the double-digit growth that we saw, and understanding that the bigger this business gets, the more challenge it is to grow off that big base, that is a factor. But fundamentally, we believe in what we're doing and we think we have a very strong value proposition for the type of PRO that we're targeting. And with the Behr paint, our product assortment, the brand, the service proposition that our partner, the Home Depot has worked so hard to develop, I think we have a strong value proposition for those PRO painters that we're going after. So our intent is to continue outgrow the market and we have every reason to believe that we're going to be able to continue to do that.
Truman Patterson: All right. Thank you all.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Megan McGrath with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Megan McGrath: Good morning. I just wanted to think a little bit longer term and put the third quarter results in the context of some of your commentary around the Analyst Day. If I take out cabinets your revenue growth in the third quarter is above your expectations for the next couple of years in terms of the top line. And I know some of your forecasts were based off industry forecasts about repair and remodel maybe slowing, but you did talk about seeing modest improvement. So putting that altogether, are you feeling - I realized we are only quarter in and not so far off your Analyst Day, but are you feeling any more constructive about those end markets in that longer term context?
John Sznewajs: Megan, it's John. I would say we were not going to adjust our thinking about the long-term based on one quarter's results. Yes, and again we did have a very good quarter. We have - in some instances, we are up against a tough comp, which makes us feel good, but, long-term the fundamentals of the markets are what they are, and we do think that low single-digit growth in the overall markets is going to be what we experience in the next - in the coming several years and so really no change to our long-term view on the markets relative to our performance during in Q3.
Megan McGrath: Okay, thanks. And then just quickly on - in the quarter on Kichler, you did say that it was down again in the quarter, but was there any kind of incremental movement there, was it down less than last quarter, same as it has been, any detail there?
Keith Allman: As we've talked in the past, this category is going to be challenged throughout the year for us with increased costs. And as you know the tariffs hit this in our hardware business particularly hard. And we made the strategic choice to be very disciplined in terms of our pricing actions and that has effect on the top line. We are performing well and the team is performing well, as it relates to realizing savings and improving our business processes and integrating the company, cost savings like ocean freight and continuous improvement projects to reduce labor in a variety of other sourcing, savings that we're driving. So, there is going to be some challenge in the top line for this business in 2019, as I've talked about in the past, but long-term, we like the prospects of the business and are confident that we're going to achieve our long-term return expectations on this acquisition.
Megan McGrath: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard: Thank you. The Paint segment, Keith, I appreciate your comments that the color center and the product quality is dragging this more than the promotions. I'm curious around the sustainability of the double-digit growth this quarter, how we should thinking about that performing moving forward?
Keith Allman: When - in terms of the total Paint market?
Eric Bosshard: No, you're Paint business, specifically.
Keith Allman: We've got a good proposition as I've talked about in detail in the past and I believe in it and we're continuing to invest in it, both in terms of the customer experience in the isle for DIY as well as the PROs experience and our channel partners investing and continue to drive that. Our commitment is to continue to outperform the market. And we think that this market is a good market for us going forward and we intend to continue to take share both in DIY and in the PRO.
John Sznewajs: And Eric, we're not moving off of our Investor Day from five weeks ago, when we said that DIY should grow low single-digit over the next several years and PRO should grow in the mid-single digit range over the course of the next several years. So I look back to that discussion that we had to think about our long-term view on the growth of our Paint business.
Eric Bosshard: Okay, and then within this quarter's performance is the upside relative to those targets, faster markets. I'm just trying to understand what drove the magnitude of growth in the business this quarter, the upside?
Keith Allman: It's, it's always a combination of volume and price this quarter. Volume was the larger contributor and we're pleased with that result. So we think we gained a little bit of share. So to answer your question directly, it was more volume driven than anything in the quarter. Our investments in the PRO are paying off. As I mentioned, we're rolling out the new Color Solution Center along with the Home Depot. That really helps the shopping experience. And I think we're well positioned to continue to outperform.
Eric Bosshard: And then the follow-up on Kichler, can you frame at all for us just what the year-over-year numbers look like in the business at this point?
John Sznewajs: No, Eric, we don't break out the performance of individual businesses. Once they lap the acquisition period, no, we just don't break those out.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew Bouley: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Just to clarify on the share repurchase post the divestitures, at the Analyst Day, you guys talked about deploying half of the proceeds immediately to buyback, give or take. So should we expect that $400 million from Windows sort of as an ASR maybe in Q4 and then perhaps there would be a second accelerated repurchase after the sale of cabinets, is that how we should model that?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Matthew. We'll take a look at the market conditions and decide on the form of transaction. It could be an ASR. It could be open market or repurchase or a combination thereof and so it all depends on how we see the market and we'll make a decision based on that.
Matthew Bouley: Okay, got it. And then just back to the elasticity question in Plumbing. Obviously you guys talk about the volume impact there, but as you raise prices across kind of the spectrum of price points, I mean to what extent do you guys think you actually see volumes go away versus perhaps customers simply trading down to lower price points? So are you suspecting that there's possibly more of a mix impact rather than a volume impact?
Keith Allman: It varies Matthew by category and if you think about the repair component of it as well. So in some cases, let's say, particularly in Plumbing where there is a repair component there, there really is a much of a delay. So if there was a price sensitive consumer in that realm, then that would represent a down trading. In other areas there is more of an ability to postpone. I think we're seeing some of that in lighting and hardware where they can postpone a purchase. So it's - I think it's a combination, and it varies. And in some cases, there is less price sensitivity. We mentioned having a record quarter in our spa business, that's a discretionary very expensive purchase, well worth the money, but cost a few dollars to get that, and we had a record quarter. So it really does vary by type of product.
Matthew Bouley: All right. I appreciate all the detail. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. On the PRO paint business, it had started of a little slower in the year and you had a  you are back to kind of your double-digit growth we've seen for the last couple of years. I guess the question is, what's happened this year, we've seen a little bit more uneven performance and there was a question earlier about promotions, now, that's really more for DIY, have you seen promotional activity in the PRO paint business as well this year?
Keith Allman: I think one of the impacts in terms of choppiness in PRO this year was that we don't like to talk about weather, but undoubtedly there was some unfavorable weather in the first half. So in the prepared remarks John talked a little bit about pent-up demand. That's really what we were referring to there. So I think there was a lift there. I talked about the size of our PRO business and the bigger you get the harder it is to get bigger. And we are seeing some of that, but again we believe in our investments, and we believe in the value proposition for the type of PRO that we're going after and we're continuing together with Home Depot to continue to invest in that. So there will be quarter-to-quarter choppiness, there is no question about it, but fundamentally, we're committed to outgrowing the market and we've demonstrated that.
John Sznewajs: In terms of promotional activity on the PRO, Keith, not a lot news there. There is relatively consistent promotional activity on the PRO side.
Keith Hughes: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2019 Second Quarter Conference Call. My name is Amy and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions]  I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Amy, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2019 second quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one followup. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial measures. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 4. Excluding the impact of currency, our top line matched prior year. Growth in North American Plumbing and Decorative Architectural Products was offset by softer sales in International Plumbing, Cabinetry, and Windows. We delivered operating profit growth and margin expansion across all segments, resulting in 5% operating profit growth and 100 basis points of margin expansion despite the flat topline. Our profit growth and margin expansion were achieved through disciplined pricing actions to offset tariffs and other inflation and a continued focus on cost control. Our EPS increased 16% to $0.88 per share. As it relates to tariffs, our near-term mitigating action has largely been price. However, we continue to work with our suppliers and internal teams on cost reduction opportunities and have begun moving limited production out of China as a longer-term solution. While pricing may have had a temporary impact on volume in the first half of the year, the consumer is still very healthy with unemployment at 50-year lows, incomes continuing to grow, confidence remaining high, and home prices continuing to appreciate all key drivers of repair and remodel activity. Now moving back to this quarter's performance, let me give you some additional insights into the drivers behind each of our segment's performance beginning with Plumbing. North American Plumbing grew 3% in local currency with Delta and Watkins each achieving a record sales quarter. International Plumbing sales decreased 30% in local currency with growth in Germany offset by softer sales in a number of other markets. International Plumbing sales are expected to improve in the second half as comps get easier and many of the new products introduced by Hansgrohe earlier this year begin to hit the market, such as Hansgrohe's Rainfinity shower product, a modern shower with Ultrafine and PowderRain shower jets for a truly luxurious showering experience. In our Decorative Architectural segment, sales grew 3% led by high-single-digit growth in Pro Paint and low-single-digit growth in DIY paint. We were pleased once again to be named the top-rated interior paint by a leading independent testing organization. In fact, Behr had two products in the top three, and three products ranked in the top six, reinforcing Behr's position as the quality leader in the U.S. paint industry. In addition, Behr achieved a first-place ranking in customer satisfaction for interior paints in the J.D. Power 2019 Paint Satisfaction Survey. These recognitions speak to the strong brand, quality, and value proposition of Behr paint offered exclusively at the Home Depot. In Cabinetry, good cost control and pricing actions contributed to profit growth and strong margin performance despite a soft overall market. We're very pleased with our Menards business now that it has been fully implemented and it is meeting our expectations. Additionally, in the second half of 2019, we will celebrate KraftMaid's 50th anniversary with the largest introduction of new finishes in KraftMaid's history. New paint and stain colors, along with new finish techniques such as weathered and translucent will keep KraftMaid at the forefront of industry trends. Turning to Windows, flat sales in North American Windows were offset by continued challenging conditions in our UK Window operation. Despite these challenges, we achieved profit growth and margin expansion in the second quarter aided by continued strong performance and improved mix due to our Trinsic line of vinyl windows in North America launched late in 2018. Now moving to capital allocation in the quarter, we continued our share repurchase activity by repurchasing 4.3 million shares for $167 million, bringing our year-to-date share repurchase total to $289 million. Based on the strengths of our forecasted cash flows and our strong liquidity position, we intend to deploy approximately $300 million towards share repurchases in the second half of 2019 for a full year total of approximately $600 million. This figure does not include any expected proceeds from the divestitures. Our Board of Directors also announced its intention to increase our annual dividend by $0.06 per share to $0.54 per share, a 13% increase beginning in the fourth quarter. This is our sixth consecutive year we have increased our dividend. Maintaining a relevant dividend payout ratio of approximately 20% or greater is an important part of our balanced capital allocation policy. Lastly, we are updating our anticipated earnings per share for 2019 to be in the range of $2.62 to $2.72 per share from a previous range of $2.60 to $2.80 per share. I'd also like to give you a brief update on our announcement to pursue the divestitures of our Cabinetry and Windows operations. We've begun the sales process and feel good about the initial market response to these businesses. As we laid out in our June announcement, we anticipate completing these transactions by the end of the first quarter of 2020, assuming each of these transactions can be completed on acceptable terms and conditions. This transformative step will create a more stable, less cyclical Masco that is focused mainly on lower ticket repair and remodel products. The divestiture of these businesses will also generate healthy cash proceeds for Masco. While the ultimate use of these proceeds will be determined based on the situation and the opportunities at the time of closing of the transactions, our current plan is that most of the proceeds will be deployed to share repurchases. Now I'd like to turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith and good morning everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning to slide 6, sales decreased 1% on a reported basis, but matched prior year in local currency. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted our second quarter revenue by approximately $26 million. At local currency, North American sales increased 1% in the quarter. This performance was driven by disciplined pricing actions offsetting lower volumes. Currency international sales decreased 4% in the quarter with growth in Germany and Asia more than offset by softness in other regions. Gross margins were 34.5%, up 90 basis points. Our SG&A as a percent of sales decreased 20 basis points to 16.9% reflecting our continued focus on cost control. We delivered solid bottom line performance and operating income increased 5% to $399 million with operating margins expanding 100 basis points to 17.5%. Our EPS was $0.88 in the quarter, an increase of 16% compared to the second quarter of 2018, and we are updating our annual EPS estimate range to $2.62 to $2.72 per share. This change reflects the softer top line demand we experienced in the first half of the year and the full cost of the tariffs beginning in the middle of the third quarter as inventory flows through the system. This EPS estimate range also assumes the tariffs remain at the 25% level, which is an increase from our guidance on our first quarter call where we assumed 10% tariffs for 2019. Turning to Slide 7, Plumbing segment sales decreased 2% on a reported basis. Excluding the impact of currency, sales matched prior year. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted this segment's sales by approximately $24 million in the quarter. Our North American sales increased 3% in local currency in the second quarter against a tough 6% comp from the second quarter of 2018. This performance was driven by growth at Delta which achieved another record sales quarter through solid growth with our wholesale customers. Also as Keith mentioned, our spa business Watkins Wellness delivered another record sales quarter, partially due to strong consumer demand for spas with its recently introduced FreshWater salt system. Our International Plumbing sales decreased 3% in local currency as Hansgrohe's growth in Germany and Asia is more than offset by softness in other regions. The segment's operating profit growth of 2% was driven by pricing actions partially offset by lower volume. For full year 2019 we now expect Plumbing sales growth to be in the 1% to 3% range due to lower volumes we experienced in the first half of the year, particularly in our International Plumbing business and we continue to expect margins to be similar to 2018. Turning to Slide 8, our Decorative Architectural products grew 3%. This performance was driven by a high single digit growth in various Pro initiative, Pro Paint initiative and low single digit growth in the DIY business. Positive price and volume in paint were partially offset by lower sales in our lighting and builders hardware businesses compared to prior year as our disciplined pricing actions impacted volumes in the quarter. Operating income in the second quarter grew compared to prior year due to net selling price increases and cost productivity initiatives, partially offset by higher commodity costs. We are pleased with the cost savings we achieved at Kichler which were driven by sourcing savings and business process improvements as we implement the Masco Operating System. For full year 2019 we now expect Decorative Architectural product sales growth will be in the range of 1% to 3% including the benefit of the Kichler acquisition due to reduced volumes resulting from the impact of disciplined pricing actions in our lighting and builders hardware business. We also expect operating margins will be the range of 17% to 18% as we make merchandising investments to enhance consumer shopping experience and incur a greater impact from the tariffs in lighting and builders hardware. These investments in tariffs will have more of an impact in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter. Turning to Slide 9, in the Chemistry segment sales decreased 6% in the quarter. This performance was driven by a softer market and excluding the Moores divestiture a difficult 13% sales comp against the second quarter of 2018 partially offset by price. Segmental profitability increased in the quarter by $1 million with margins of 13.5% representing one of the best profit quarters in this segment in 10 years. We continue to expect full year 2019 sales growth between 0 and 13%; however, based on our demonstrated cost control in the first half the year we now expect modest margin expansion in the improvement from our prior guidance. Turning to Slide 10, our Windows segment sales decreased 3%. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted this segment's sales by approximately $2 million. While sales at our North American Windows business matched prior year, this segment continued to be impacted by market softness at our UK Window operation. Segment profitability in the quarter increased $3 million driven by favorable pricing actions and lower spend partially offset by lower volume. For full year 2019 we now expect sales growth for this segment to decline 1% to 3% excluding currency due to the performance we experienced in our UK Windows business. However, we continue to expect modest margin improvement for the full year. Turning to Slide 11, our balance sheet remained strong with net debt to EBITDA at 1.9 times and we ended the quarter with approximately $1.3 billion of balance sheet liquidity. Working capital as a percent of sales improved 60 basis points versus prior year to 16.5%. For the full year we now expect working capital as a percent of sales to be slightly higher as compared to our 2018 results or 14%. During the second quarter we continued our focus on shareholder value creation repurchasing 4.3 million shares valued at approximately $167 million, and as Keith mentioned our Board of Directors has announced its intent to increase our annual dividend by 13% to $0.54 per share starting in the fourth quarter demonstrating the Board's confidence in our future performance in cash flows. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. It's been a dynamic start to 2019 and I am proud of how our teams have responded to the market conditions and challenges to generate profit growth and margin expansion across all segments in the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, the fundamentals of our industry remained strong. Demographics should drive household formation and housing for years to come as the large millennial generation has begun to form households. Home price appreciation, which has a strong correlation with repair and remodel spending, remains strong at nearly 4% year-over-year. Existing annual home turnover remains at a healthy overall level of 5.3 million units. Age of housing stock continues to increase as 65% of the U.S. housing stock is now 30 years old or older. And older homes have more repair and remodel spending per home than newer ones. Consumer confidence and real wage growth remain high as consumers benefit from a healthy economy and declining mortgage rates could spur additional mortgage refinancing, which will put more disposable income in consumers' pockets. Against these strong fundamentals, we will continue to deploy our strong cash flow with a disciplined and balanced approach to investing in our current businesses, dividends, share repurchases, and acquisitions with the right fit and return to create value for our shareholders. Lastly, I hope to see you all at our Investor Day on September 17, in New York City. With that, we'll open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Stephen, your line is open.
Stephen Kim: Yes, thanks very much guys. Good job in a tough environment. I wanted to ask a little bit about the Plumbing business, and just I want to make sure that I got a couple of pieces accurate. Last year, you had an impact from Delta's ERP, which if I remember created a pull forward effect, and I'm thinking that probably was a benefit in North America business, North America Plumbing of about 150 basis points this quarter and that was sort of in this 3% North America. I just want to make sure that that's the right way to think about it. And as you, more broadly as you are lowering the sales guide in Plumbing by a couple of hundred basis points, how much of that reduction would you say is attributable to North America versus the International?
Keith Allman: You are right Stephen. We did have in 2008, a pull ahead of about $10 million from Q2 into Q1 due to the ERP launch at Delta. Despite that pull forward last year, Plumbing still had a great Q2 in 2018. I think the segment was up about 6% excluding FX. So, it was a pretty tough comp for us in the quarter. In terms of how we think about the volume going forward in Plumbing, I think there are a couple key drivers. Certainly, there is a little bit of softness in International. While we did have good growth in the core market of Germany, there were some other markets internationally that were soft. Italy was particularly soft. There was some softness in Turkey and a little bit of softness in Latin America. So that's a component of how we're thinking about the remainder of the year. And the other is price elasticity as it relates to some of our tariff pricing. We've been very effective in getting price out in the market in relationship to tariffs to equalize that cost impact as we talked about last quarter, and we have seen some elasticity as it relates to volume, particularly when we think about the lower price point which tends to be a little bit more sensitive, and we've also seen some elasticity around threshold prices for various products. So, when you think about the volume and going forward in Plumbing, I think international and pricing is a piece of that, but we're quite pleased with how we did this quarter against the tough comp.
John Sznewajs: Yes, and the only thing I would supplement Keith's comments with is, of the two international and pricing, I'd say international probably has a heavier weight to the impacts going forward than pricing.
Stephen Kim: And John, was that a general comment across the whole business or was that just in Plumbing? And I guess as a part of that question also, as you had mentioned, I believe in one of your segments I think it was Decorative Architectural that the elasticity effect was going to be greater in 4Q than 3Q. So, I guess my general question is, elasticity, what you just mentioned about that reducing your guidance versus the international weakness, how much is it for the company as a whole and is it - are you going to see more of that in 4Q than 3Q?
John Sznewajs: Yes, no. Stephen, my comment is specific to Plumbing, you know that said, you broadened out the question with your followup. And I would say that there's a dramatic impact, I think I guess my comment stands at face value that in Decorative Architectural there will be more of an impact in the fourth quarter as the tariffs and the rate of inventory starts to flow through our system.
Keith Allman: Just to add a little bit of color Stephen, in terms of the European buyer, we are seeing a little bit of overall market softness in the UK that we talked about, and that will be in the Windows.
Stephen Kim: Yes, okay thank you very much guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks, good morning everyone. First question, I just wanted to get a little more detail maybe on the Kichler acquisition and integration, and you kind of pointed to some good progress in terms of some, I believe from the cost side. I just wanted to get a sense also from the top line and I apologize if I missed this earlier, how you're thinking about their performance this quarter given some of the challenges around tariffs as you've highlighted before? How you are thinking about the top line performance for the year for Kichler? And on the bottom line, if there's any ability to kind of be a little more granular, if possible on what you're achieving from a cost saving standpoint from the cost synergy standpoint, and how you're thinking about the margins in that business going forward?
Keith Allman: Good morning, Michael. From a tariff perspective, I'm very pleased with how the team has performed. We set out to make sure that the cost increases from the tariffs were made up by either improvements in overall cost productivity and supply chain changes and of course in pricing, and we've done all of that. The majority of the lever without a doubt has been on the pricing side, and the team has done a very good job in getting that pricing into the market. In terms of our activities to drive margin improvements, we continue to work hard really across all fronts as it relates to business process improvements that we're working on with the Masco Operating System, certainly with productivity and sourcing improvements, and we have begun some initial, while not a big number at this point, but we have begun some initial movement of product out of China as a longer-term mitigant. With regard to growth in 2019, as I said last quarter, growth is going to be a challenge for us. We are off to a slow start. The team has been very disciplined around pricing and programs as we've talked about and that's going to affect the volume coming into 2019. Overall, when we look longer-term, we believe that Lighting is a good business and it should grow similar and consistent with the remodel market over the long term and we are working hard to get back to that pace.
Michael Rehaut: I appreciate that, Keith, thank you. I guess second question maybe just to switch to Cabinets for a moment, and I apologize I have missed some of these details earlier in the call. But with the top-line decline in the quarter, if you could just kind of review some of the factors there and was that decline a surprise relative to your expectations and relative to the industry backdrop, and how should we think about growth in the back half of the year?
Keith Allman: No, I think it's consistent with how we thought this business was going to perform. As I mentioned on the call, we are up against a 13% comp in the second quarter of last year when you exclude the divestitures of Moores, so that was a component. A lot of prices have been put in the markets to offset tariffs and we talked about that in past calls. So, it really is performing as we thought it would and were pleased with the margin performance in this segment given the environment.
Michael Rehaut: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Wood with Nomura Instinet. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Wood: Hi, good morning. I was hoping you can give some more color on the international weakness that you pointed out. To what extent is the acceleration that decline there due to destocking? And is price discipline holding in some of those European markets?
Keith Allman: The price is holding, yes. Not a lot of destocking that we really saw. John, was there?
John Sznewajs: No, no, that was all in the first quarter, not in the second quarter.
Keith Allman: I would say its, you know, generally speaking its more around some specific markets that are a little softer than we expected. Certainly were seeing some softness in the UK in our Window operation and as I mentioned on the call there are some markets over in Europe and Latin America that are a little softer than we had thought.
Michael Wood: And it was nice to see the Pro Paint accelerate from, I think it was low single-digit in 1Q to high single-digits here in 2Q. Is that a more normal pace of growth that youd expect going forward in that Pro business in terms of where it is now from a maturity standpoint or can you continue to accelerate that?
Keith Allman: No thats as expected. Were pleased with our Pro growth. We can- were going to continue to expand our capabilities and were confident that were going to continue to grow above the market and we think were doing that.
Michael Wood: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America. John, your line is open.
John Lovallo: Hey guys, thank you for taking my questions. First one on Kichler, I guess, are you comfortable at this point the personal changes that you've gone through are pretty much behind you? And then along those same lines, if I recall correctly, Home Depot sells largely, private label lighting I think its their Hampton Bay. Is there an opportunity for you guys to get more Kichler products into Home Depot?
Keith Allman: I'm very pleased with the team. We have a new leader in place down there that is a high performer that has been in a number of positions at Masco, with increasing responsibility in each stop along the way, whether it was from investor relations to the retail cabinet sales and a nice win that she put together with Menards, which as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that that program is performing well and as expected and that was very good win. She overall ran overall sales for Cabinetry and that - she did a great job there. And then, on her extended team, again very confident in that and we've made some significant changes and brought in professionals that I interact with on a regular basis and I couldn't be more happy with how that team has shaped up. In terms of opportunities across the broader lighting market, I think there are several across multiple channels, and we have importantly a brand that is one of the few brands in the industry that in fact is successful across multiple channels. It has an outstanding assortment across price points and as I just mentioned, across the channel. So were going after growth really across the board in Cabinetry, excuse me, in Lighting.
John Lovallo: Okay, thanks for that Keith. And then as a followup, can you guys give just a little bit more color on the merchandising investments that you mentioned in Decorative and Architectural?
John Sznewajs: Yes, so you know as I mentioned were enhancing some of the in-store displays, John, here in the back half of 2019. So, you know, yeah and mostly that will be in our - in the Paint category and so the Behr team is going to get those in place here in the third and fourth quarter.
John Lovallo: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Keith, your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Within Decorative and Architectural products, as you look at the second half of the year, will - to get to the guidance youd establish, will the trends remain the same of your Pro up high single-digits, DIY low, and seemed down at Lighting and builders hardware, is there some sort of rate changes going to occur?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Keith, I think thats certainly the general pattern that we expect to see in the back half of the year. The one thing I'd really ask you to remember is, in the fourth quarter of last year we have fairly significant pull forward of about $20 million related to our Paint business. And so that - you know we dont expect that to reoccur. And so, that will be a little bit of a top line headwind going into Q4. So, Keith I kind of just want to make sure you recall that.
Keith Hughes: And also in Lighting here in Kichler, when do you think you will fully offset the impacts of the tariffs, is that currently where we are or is there still some things to be worked out?
Keith Allman: I think in terms of our pricing actions and the costs, I think we've got it in place at this point, now the - in terms of the cost reductions that were executing again. So when you look across price and some of our productivity improvements, I think we've handled that. Now, in terms of the cost of the products coming in, I would expect that in the third quarter and the fourth quarter we will start to see those costs hit our P&L as it flows through our inventory.
Keith Hughes: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Truman Patterson with Wells Fargo. Truman, your line is open.
Truman Patterson: Hi, good morning guys, nice quarter and a pretty challenging environment. So first, I wanted to look at your EPS guidance. You guys walked down the midpoint just very modestly by a few cents. Could you walk us through the drivers of this? And were there any offsets to the upside and could you also give us what amount of share repurchase is included in guidance of the $600 million?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Truman, so you know a couple of questions in there. And as we look at the puts and takes in terms of the revised guidance, Id say the first one was the trends that we have seen in the first part of the year and we laid out pretty clearly, I think, our sales expectations and margin expectations reach those segments. So that reflects, is reflected. The other piece to recall is, we did increase our view as to reach here [ph], so we're not  so in our last call, in the Q1 call, we though tariffs would be at 10% and now we think were going to be at 25%. So those are the two principal components in there. In terms of the share count, the share count really is reflective of where we've purchased through today, it doesn't take into account that, but we do have $600 million that we're anticipating, as Keith mentioned in his remarks for the full year.
Truman Patterson: Okay, okay, thanks for that. And then thinking about the China tariffs and some of your Plumbing competitor supply chains, couple of the larger guys and then some of the smaller competitors, do the majority of them source through China as well and do you think, the industry is kind of on an even playing field with China tariffs jump in the 25%?
Keith Allman: Yes, you know, it really depends. There are different competitors that we have across different price points.
Truman Patterson: Sorry, I was meaning faucets.
Keith Allman: So even with faucets there are some private label competitors that sometimes come up against us in the low end which would have more of an impact, but on balance we think we are in good competitive footing as it relates to our exposure to China tariffs.
John Sznewajs: So Truman, I just want to clarify a remark I made a minute ago, our guidance does include the impact of all $600 million of share repurchase.
Truman Patterson: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Matthew, your line is open.
Matthew Bouley: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to ask back on the margin strength in Cabinet, specifically I think John, you mentioned some strong cost control there and you guys highlighted the pricing actions as well, so just some more color on that. Which channels are you taking price, to what degree did price relative to cost control drive that margin? And anything you're seeing on the promotional side with the customers as well would be helpful? Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Sure, you know on the promotional side, we've not seen - weve seen pretty consistent promotional activity across the various channels in the second quarter. So not a significant increase or decrease in any of the promotional activity. You know, in terms of price versus cost, in one of the two I'd say price was probably a little bit of a heavier weight than the cost side, but both has a pretty good impact on the quarter because a lot of what's - that were coming, they come in offshore face the tariffs, so we saw pricing across the industry put in place.
Matthew Bouley: Perfect, that's helpful. And then just secondly, I wanted to ask what you guys are seeing on inventory levels at your customers in North America? You had previously talked of seeing some restocking back in April, how did that progress through the quarter and into July, do you see any room for any further restocking? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Matthew, we really didn't see much in the way of inventory fluctuations in the second quarter. I'd call it normal. There was some, as you mentioned some destocking in Plumbing in Q1, but that seems to have normalized and orders to us were more in line with their sales out to the consumer. So we are anticipating some inventory adjustments in the back half of 2019 I would say as is somewhat normal and those adjustments are contemplated in our guidance.
Matthew Bouley: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Megan McGrath with Buckingham Research. Megan your line is open.
Megan McGrath: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. A couple of questions just on the overall markets. In terms of Paint, some of our channel checks we heard from sales folks that all sorts of different retailers that they were seeing a little bit of mixing down maybe to more a mid-price point versus higher price point. I'm curious to see if you saw that as well at all in your, either your DIY or Pro business?
John Sznewajs: Overall, Id say the market was a bit challenged in Q2. There was some tough weather. So I think that affected us. I think when you look at the market and how we performed with our Pro business up high single-digits in DIY or low single-digits, we think we held our own to possibly maybe gaining a little. Admittedly it's hard to pinpoint with precision the size of the market in a particular quarter. We didn't see a whole lot of mix fluctuations in Paint, and I think if you broaden that, your question out, if I may, into broader Masco as it relates to mix, we don't really see mix as being material one way or another as you know, either favorable or unfavorable as we look forward to the remainder of the year.
Megan McGrath: Okay, great. And then, just like a quick followup on your comments around sourcing and moving things out of China, do you feel like you are finished with that process or is there more to come assuming the tariffs stay where they, is there more to come on that front?
Keith Allman: I think, if we think about it from a perspective of tariffs staying where they are and staying with some sort of permanency, I would say that there's more to come, more taking, were being very careful as we move products out and resource to other low-cost countries, careful in that we want to make sure that were ensuring our delivery excellence and our quality excellence, and there is some variability in fact to whether or not that 25% will indeed stick for some extended period of time. So we're being cautious and we have moved some doubt. But I think long term, when you look at the impact of these tariffs in - with some of the pricing that we've put into the market that long term this will be absorbed by the consumer and we still believe in a very healthy R&R market.
Megan McGrath: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates. Justin, your line is open.
Justin Speer: Thanks guys, good morning. I wanted to spend a little bit of time on your guidance and keeping in mind that the tariff situation is incremental headwind, then the net balance against raw materials that are favorable, so I wanted to see if we could, maybe you could help us unpack what the incremental headwind from the tariff is discretely if you can walk through the discrete costs to the business from the tariff step up and to counter balance that against the raw materials? Because when you look at the range, just the back half margin range to the high and low-end of your guidance, is it implies a fairly wide range of outcome for margins, so just try and give us some context on how you get to that guidance in view of all those moving parts?
Keith Allman: I'll talk a little bit, Justin, this is Keith, to the commodities. I think some of the commodities in our basket have indeed moderated year-over-year. Copper and zinc and Plumbing started to moderate in the back half of 2018 and remained below what I would say the peak prices we saw in the first half of 2018. So, that will be a little bit of a benefit for us in the second half. TiO2 and resins, both still are up year-over-year, probably have peaked here in Q2, should be flat sequentially in the second half, but still up year-over-year. So, not expecting significant inflation or deflation in paint ROS as we sit today. In cabinets, plywood remains elevated, but distribution and logistics have come down a little bit, still up year-over-year. So obviously, we're continuing to work with our suppliers and our cost productivity and all those types of improvement opportunities, but when we look at the commodity inputs, we're really not seeing a material benefit or a headwind as we think about 2019.
John Sznewajs: And Justin, maybe I'll take the tariff component of that is, - as we've articulated before, the tariffs are based on what we know today, yes, are roughly impact $600 million of our cost of goods sold or roughly $150 million impact. You know, obviously the way we're pursuing, Keith mentioned earlier, that we're pursuing price to offset tariffs, obviously we're getting price recovery from that. So that action in and of itself limits margin expansion as a matter of fact, oftentimes that has slightly dilutive effect on margins and so maybe that weighs in on your calculation.
Justin Speer: And then, just thinking about thinking about these moving pieces, you mentioned the $600 million of COGS today that were sourced from China, if we were to fast-forward 6 months to 12 months from now, what do you think your footprint looks like?
Keith Allman: Not anticipating a significant change in that over that over that time period. As I mentioned, we're moving some, products out. We've in-sourced some back to the United States. We've taken some to the other low-cost countries, but it's going to take some time for us to ramp that up. Our focus really is on keeping our delivery and quality excellence up with our consumer and our customers.
Justin Speer: So just pulling this altogether, as you think about the back half and the set up, clearly, the revenue trend, softer margin trends, maybe a little bit better, but if you could give us some context on what, how you're thinking about that downside, I guess elements to - I guess risk elements to get to the downside versus maybe upside of your range, where you see the most risk and maybe the opportunity?
Keith Allman: I think from a top line risk there is a lot of volatility that's out there with the consumer as it relates to what's going on and geopolitically what could potentially happen with trade and everything that we're all quite aware of. So I would say, if something happens from a consumer perspective or from a broader confidence, I think that could be an issue that could take it to the downside. Having said that, as I went through it a couple of times on this call and prior calls, we think the consumer is in pretty good shape, so we're not anticipating that.
Justin Speer: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Mike, your line is open.
Michael Dahl: Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask first, just I guess Keith, going back to the Paint comments you just made around price costs and not necessarily expecting significant deflation, but if I kind of parse out the commentary between Kichler headwinds and then the overall margin performance, it seems like the core coatings margins have been quite strong. So I guess what do you attribute that to? Is it really just pricing actions and volume? And then if you look at your full year guide, embedded in that guide is there an expectation that coatings margins are up year-on-year? Thanks.
Keith Allman: When we think about the margins in Q2 we're very pleased with the cost productivity improvements we're making. I called out Kichler. They continue to do a very good job, both from a variable cost perspective, as well as on the sourcing side. The second half impact of tariffs in lighting and hardware are going to be - are going to start to flow through midway into the third quarter. So that's a factor that, I ask you to think about as well. But fundamentally, our productivity in our movements are reflected in that margin range that we have in that 17% to 18% range.
John Sznewajs: Yes, I guess, Mike, if you think about it, we've had pretty good strong performance in our Pro businesses, as well as our DIY business for the full year. So yeah, I know, I think we've had good margins, but we're not going to break them out for the full year.
Michael Dahl: Okay, understood. Second question, I think Keith, you've kind of mentioned the different potential initiatives around shifting supply chain over time. I think in the past you've talked specifically around the relative low cost of shifting some assembly in Plumbing state side, where that can be one solution that's relatively low CapEx for you. Is that an initiative that you've begun to pursue at that point or is that still in the bucket of kind of wait and see how this all plays out?
Keith Allman: We have in-sourced some assembly back, but just a little bit at this point. Again, this is a very dynamic environment, and what's included and not included, moving forward, I think is still in play. So, this is a game of where we're moving slowly and carefully and as I said we're driving cost out and in some cases cost sharing with some of our suppliers. We're driving value engineering and productivity improvements, and of course we're getting price. And we're going to be very careful that we protect the customer as we move through this, and that's our focus.
Michael Dahl: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Philip Ng: Hey guys. You should be getting a pretty decent amount of proceeds from the divestitures. I'm curious how quickly will you use the buybacks potentially for buybacks and at this point of the cycle, how do you think about M&A and are there any pockets that really stand out or do you need a third leg to kind of continue to drive the growth story in your business going forward?
John Sznewajs: Yes. Phil. In terms of procedure, right, we do expect some significant proceeds. But as Keith mentioned in his prepared remarks, while we anticipate at this time using this year the proceeds from the divestitures for share repurchases, it's going to be facts and circumstances dependent upon what's happening at the time that we actually receive the proceeds. So, it's hard to give you a great deal of specificity as to how quickly we may redeploy those proceeds to share repurchases. . The second part of your question again was?
Keith Allman: I think there was  if I could jump in here John, and with regards to how we're looking at our M&A funnel and whether not we need, I think, Phil it was your words, they
Philip Ng: Would you like to add?
Keith Allman: A certain way if you will to, yes, to keep the growth story going, we dont believe we do know and we're looking at all options in the building products case - building product space in our funnel, but clearly, our focus is closer to the core. We think we have very strong businesses in Paint and Plumbing and that's where our focus is. And I would suspect M&A activity to be more along those areas, not saying no to other opportunities, but clearly, our focus is closer to the core.
Philip Ng: Got it. Given the margin expansion you saw in 2Q you're guiding to flat margins for the full year. Assuming part of that is just the tariffs kicking in more fully, I'm just wondering have you implemented all the price increases you need at this juncture for the full 25% and is there any risk that margins in the fourth quarter would be flattish or potentially down just given the full impact? Thanks a lot.
Keith Allman: You're right Phil, the impact of tariff costs as it rolls through our inventory will be more strongly felt in the second half. With regards to pricing, we do think we've got our pricing in place and where it needs to be.
John Sznewajs: Yes Phil, with respect to margins, recall again, I mentioned this earlier in response to I think Keith's question, that we had some pull forward of sales out of Q1 of this year into Q4 of last year, which created a bit of a stronger margin and you know which we typically see seasonally in the fourth quarter of 2018. And so, the margins could be flat to slightly down in Q4 given that dynamic that we experienced last year.
Philip Ng: Got it, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Ken, your line is open.
Kenneth Zener: Good morning, gentlemen.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Ken.
John Sznewajs: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Zener: I was just checking. Keith, you had mentioned in Plumbing in regards, well it was useful, in Plumbing, in regards to the entry price point which set in the U.S., so separate from the international, you mentioned that the entry price point was actually somewhat weaker category because of the pricing. And you mentioned this term threshold pricing, are you suggesting that you asked this, the delta, let's say big box is actually will deter demand if you take $45 or $50 faucet up to $58, is that where you're seeing the largest impact of pricing which - is that what you're saying?
Keith Allman: Yes, Ken a couple of, things with regard to pricing and elasticity. As I mentioned last call, this is a challenge and it's relatively new territory and that typical data analytics around elasticity involve a static environment where you move a price on SKU and you say if it goes up, you raise price a percent the volume goes down 3% or something of that sort. So the data and the analytics is really in a more static environment. This is anything but static. We have a significant amount of price changes that's gone into the - cost changes that I've gone into the market and we have variable responses in the competitive aisle, if you will, around how much of that gets put by retailers into the market. So, it's not static. So, we are seeing a more elastic demand curve for opening price point products and that certainly stands to reason as you think about sensitivity and the total cost and what people are willing to spend at the low end versus the high end. Conversely, we're not seeing a significant - as significant, nearly a significant amount of elasticity on some of our higher end products. We mentioned a record quarter in our Spa business for example, that's not a low-end product and it's discretionary. So, the elasticity is hitting us a little bit more on the opening price point. What I mean by threshold pricing is pricing that's around a certain number where it makes a more of a material difference in volume and customer perception than say is necessarily warranted by the flat out percent of the price increase. So, when certain products, 100 at 99.99 is the threshold price.
Kenneth Zener: Got it.
Keith Allman: So if there is an increase over that threshold of 2% that's going to impact you more than if it was an increase of 2% say going from $80 up. So that's what I meant by threshold pricing hope that helps.
Kenneth Zener: For the variable - variability of the market were you referring to the variability of how retailers we're accepting your price or was it the variability of how your competitors were responding to tariffs? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Just the variability of what we're seeing the channel and the consumer pricing in the market.
Kenneth Zener: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Ramsey with Thompson Research. Steven, your line is open.
Steven Ramsey: Good morning. Just to start with the guidance to make sure I understand, what gives you the confidence to raise the low end slightly while lowering the top end a bit more, is the high-end volume-related and the low-end better margins or maybe unpack that and if it's a certain segment that is coming in with better margins maybe than expected?
John Sznewajs: Yes, I would tell you, I think you - yes that's the answer to the question. It is better volumes and slightly lower volumes and margins and kind of though, how we got there. As you may recall, as you break it down by segment, we did raise the margin expectation for a couple for the Cabinet segment and so that has definitely an impact on it, but you're reading actually was the answer to the question.
Steven Ramsey: Great, and then thinking on capital allocation, couple of questions there, why not raise the dividend at a more modest pace when the buyback is more accretive to EPS growth per share? And then, can you maybe talk to what CapEx might look like once the sales are completed?
Keith Allman: Yes sure. With respect to the dividend and I think one of the things that we mentioned on our prepared remarks is, part of our capital allocation policy is to keep our dividend payout ratio at roughly 20% maybe slightly lower or slightly higher, but in that 20% zip code. And so, the reason we raised it to $0.54 this time around was to make certain that we keep that payout ratio of nearly 20% intact. And so that's kind of the thought behind that. In terms of the CapEx post divestitures I think we're probably in that 2.5% of sales range, so not significantly different from where we're at today.
Steven Ramsey: Excellent, thank you.
Operator: Gentlemen, your final question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. Eric, your line is open.
Eric Bosshard: I'm curious as we think about 2020 and Kichler, what you're excited about and what the upside scenario might be for that business as we think about 2020 and beyond?
Keith Allman: I think new products is really, you've got me Jazzed and the team that we talked about before, which goes across not only new products, but also our human resource function, our supply chain function, et cetera. So we've got a very good team and we've got a nice focus on new products introductions. And as I mentioned, we have the luxury of having one of the few brands that competes across all of the channels. So we have opportunities with the new team and with our product assortment across the online channel and across retail and across our dealers. And certainly continuing to apply our Masco Operating System and getting that more ingrained in that business will yield improvements without a doubt.
Eric Bosshard: And then secondly, just clarity within the guidance, is there anything different in the sales outlook in the back half, is that regional or by business that you would call out where you feel different than you did 90 or 180 days ago?
John Sznewajs: Well, I guess, Eric, there are a couple of areas where we adjusted our sales expectations, but international is probably the one area that is coming in softer than we had expected, and so that has an impact on what we put out for our Plumbing guidance in a way. So, I think that's the one area that would probably be the one difference versus where we were at the end of the first quarter.
Keith Allman: I would say that while certainly a little bit softer in international. I do like the trends that I'm seeing in our Decorative segment and North American plumbing coming out of Q2. Strong backlog in our Spa business points to a healthy consumer. On the high end, we think that's a nice barometer for consumer spending. And then, just in general, as I'm kicking around in the markets we're getting good reports from customers across our product category. So I'd like the trends that we saw in Q2.
Eric Bosshard: Great, thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. On behalf of Masco Corporation thank you for today's participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mascos First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call will be recorded today, Thursday April 25, 2019. Thank you. David Chaika, Vice President Treasurer and Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
David Chaika: Thank you, Amy, good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2019 first quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial measures. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 4. We experienced a slow start in 2019, as a combination of factors impacted our results. Some of these factors were anticipated, such as sales pull forward into the fourth quarter of 2018 and a large ERP implementation in our windows business. However, other factors were external and not anticipated such as inventory rebalancing and certain Plumbing and Decorative channels and softer end market demand early in the quarter. Despite our slow start to the year we saw sales trends improve in March and believe that markets are now performing as we expected. For the quarter, excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, sales decreased 2%. Operating profit decreased $20 million principally due to lower volumes in our Plumbing Decorative and Windows segments. These were partially offset by pricing actions we took across all segments. Our earnings per share decreased 2% due to the lower operating profit. Turning to our segments, excluding currency, Plumbing sales were flat. Volume decline in North America was the biggest contributor to flat sales, as volume was affected by the sales pull forward into Q4 of 2018 that we discussed last quarter and lower demand earlier in the quarter. While Plumbing sales worldwide were flat, we did see continued strong performance with our high end Brizo brand in the wholesale showroom channel and good growth in Hansgrohe in both China and Germany its largest markets. Watkins, our leading spa business continued to see good demand for its products and achieved record first quarter sales. In our Decorative Architectural Product segments pain volumes were lower in the first quarter due to the $20 million of sales pull forward into the fourth quarter of 2018 that we mentioned on our last call, inventory rebalancing and lower end market demand. Paint volumes did accelerate in March and this has continued into April. We also continue to invest in our pro paint initiative in the first quarter by hiring additional employees to sell and service the professional painter. And we expect to continue to gain share in the pro paint market in 2019. Our lighting business was also softer than expected, notably in landscape lighting which was impacted by weather in the quarter. Turning to Cabinetry, sales grew 9% in the first quarter with growth in both our repair and remodel business and strong growth in our new construction business. Our repair and remodel growth was led by our new program with Menards which we anniversaried in the first quarter of 2019. We are very pleased with this new business and it is meeting our expectations. In our Windows segment sales were down in the first quarter as we went live with an ERP system at our largest window manufacturing facility, which caused us to stop taking orders for about a two-week period as planned. This implementation has gone well. Additionally, our UK business continued to be challenged by softer market conditions for its products. Turning back to Masco overall, we continued our disciplined capital allocation by repurchasing 3.5 million shares for $122 million during the quarter. Before turning the call over to John, let me give you a brief update on our review of strategic alternatives for our Cabinetry and Windows businesses. We have engaged outside advisers to help us with this evaluation and we are close to completing carve out audits of the business units. We have made good progress and are on track to complete this review as planned by the end of June and we will update you accordingly. Now I'll turn the call over to John to go over our first quarter results in more detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith and good morning everyone. As Keith mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance. Excluding the impact of rationalization and impairment charges inventory step up related to purchase accounting for the Kichler acquisition and other one-time items. Turning to Slide 6, sales decreased 1% on a reported basis, but grew 1% in local currency. Excluding the acquisition of Kichler sales decreased 4% or 2% in local currency. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted our first quarter revenue by approximately $33 million. In local currency North American sales increased 2% in the quarter, but decreased 3% excluding the Kichler acquisition. This performance was due to lower volume in all segments except Cabinetry as we experienced sales pull forward into Q4 2018, inventory rebalancing at certain customers and overall softer demand in January and February. In local currency international sales decreased 1% in the quarter driven by solid growth in China and Germany which was more than offset by softness in other smaller regions. Gross margins were 31.4% down 120 basis points largely due to lower sales volume and the impact of a full quarter of Kichler. We expect gross margins to expand in the remaining three quarters of 2019. Our SG&A as a percent of sales decreased 20 basis points to 19.3% reflecting continued cost control. We reported operating profit of $230 million with operating margins of 12.1%. In the quarter we booked two impairment charges, the first charge was a write-down of Kichler's trade name for approximately $9 million. This was driven by revival in our long-term revenue growth forecast incorporating market softness we experienced late last year and in the first quarter of this year. The second charge was a write-off of the UK Window Group's goodwill balance for approximate $7 million. Our EPS was $0.44 in the quarter a decline of 2% compared with the first quarter of 2018 due to decreased operating profit partially offset by the benefit of a lower share count. Finally, we are reaffirming our annual EPS estimate of $2.60 to $2.80. This guidance assumes that tariffs remain at the 10% level for the remainder of the year and a normalized tax rate of 25%. Turning to Slide 7, our Plumbing segment sales decreased 3% on a reported basis. Excluding the impact of currency sales matched prior year. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted this segment sales by approximately $29 million in the quarter. Our North American sales decreased 1% in the first quarter as this segment sales comparisons were impacted by approximately $20 million of one-time items. On our fourth quarter call we discussed that approximately $10 million of sales were pulled forward into Q4 2018 from Q1 2019. Additionally, as you may recall, last year's first quarter sales benefited from approximately $10 million of sales that were pulled out of Q2 and into Q1 ahead of Delta's ERP implementation in 2018. North American performance was also impacted by inventory rebalancing in the wholesale channel, softness in our rough plumbing business, and overall lower demand early in the quarter. Our international plumbing sales increased 1% in local currency as Hansgrohe experienced solid growth in both China and Germany. The segment's operating profit declined due to lower volume which also resulted in inefficiencies. Mix negatively impacted the quarter due to lower inventory levels in the wholesale channel in North America and a mixed shift down in our international markets. Segment results were also impacted by a trade show expense which we discussed on our fourth quarter earnings call. These were partially offset by favorable pricing actions. For 2019 we continue to expect the Plumbing segment sales growth to be in the 3% to 5% range, if margins are similar to 2018. Turning to Slide 8, the Decorative Architectural Product segment grew 5%. This performance was driven by low single-digit growth in Behrs pro paint initiative and our acquisition of Kichler. Excluding the acquisition, sales declined 7%. As we discussed on our last earnings call, the Decorative segment results were impacted by approximately $20 million of sales pulled forward into the fourth quarter 2018 due to increased year-end customer purchases to achieve incentives. In addition, first quarter results were lower than expected due to inventory rebalancing and softer demand earlier in the quarter. Despite a slow start to the year Behrs did see improved sales trends in March which have continued into April. In addition, Liberty Hardware experienced growth in the quarter with strength in both its retail and e-commerce channels. Operating income in the first quarter declined versus the prior year due to lower volume, a full quarter impact of Kichler, and the addition of employees servicing pro paint customers partially offset by reduced spending. For the full year of 2019 we expect the Decorative Architectural segment sales growth will be toward the lower end of the 4% to 6% range including the benefit of the Kichler acquisition and margins to be in the range of 17% to 18%. Turning to Slide 9, in the Cabinetry segment sales increased 9% in the quarter. The strong performance was driven by solid growth in both our repair remodel and new home construction businesses, the increased volume and favorable price. Additionally, our performance was supported by our program win at Menards when anniversaried in the first quarter of this year. Segment profitability increased in the quarter by $16 million principally driven by lower spending due to the ramp-up costs related to the Menards win in the first quarter of 2018, favorable pricing actions and increased volume. This increase was partially offset by unfavorable mix resulting from our growth at Menards and a double-digit growth in our new home construction business. While the growth was strong in the first quarter we continue to expect sales growth will be between 0% and 3% and segmental margins to be similar to 2018 as comps get tougher now that we have anniversaried the Menards win, particularly in the second quarter due to the significant ramp up of Menards in Q2 of 2018. Turning to Slide 10, our Windows segment sales decreased 16% and excluding the impact of currency decreased 14% in the quarter. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted this segment's sales by approximately $2 million. This performance was driven by lower volume offset by favorable pricing. As we discussed on our fourth quarter earnings call Milgard executed on the limitation of an ERP system at its largest facility during the quarter and as expected the plant did not take orders for approximately two weeks which impacted Milgard's volume. The implementation went very well and that facility has returned to normal production levels. The segment's performance was also impacted by continued market softness at our UK Windows operation. Segment profitability in the quarter decreased $7 million driven by lower volume and inefficiencies partially offset by favorable pricing actions. For 2019 we continue to expect sales growth for this segment to be in the 1% to 3% range excluding currency with modest margin improvement. Turning to Slide 11, our balance sheet remains strong with net debt to EBITDA at two times and we ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion of balance sheet liquidity. In the quarter we further improved our liquidity and flexibility by entering into a new five-year credit agreement which increased availability from $750 million to $1 billion. Working capital as a percent of sales improved 150 basis points versus prior year to 16.5%. For the full-year we expect working capital as a percent of sales to be approximately 14%, which is similar to where we ended 2018. Lastly, during the quarter we continued our focus on shareholder value creation by repurchasing 3.5 million shares valued at approximately $122 million. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. The fundamentals of our business and our core repair and remodel market are healthy. Consumers remain confident and wages are growing. This increase is our consumer's willingness to invest in their home. Home prices continue to appreciate. This is highly correlated with repair and remodel spending. The age of the housing stock is increasing with 15 million owned homes greater than 30 years old. This drives increased remodel spending and household formations have steadily increased throughout 2018 driven by the millennial demographic. This trend is projected to fuel housing demand for the next decade. We believe these fundamentals are supportive of good long-term growth. We are also positive on our current markets. While we had a slow start to the year, we are encouraged by our recent trends and the acceleration of demand we saw coming out of the quarter and continuing into April. Given the strong fundamentals, improving market conditions, and our ability to execute our plans for 2019, we reaffirm our expectation to achieve 2019 adjusted earnings per share in the range of $2.60 to $2.80. With our strong balance sheet and expected full year 2019 cash flow conversion of over 100% we intend to deploy approximately $600 million towards share repurchases for the full-year of 2019 consistent with our balanced capital allocation strategy. With our focus on executing our strategy, doubled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity, we will continue to create shareholder value. Lastly, please save the date for our planned Investor Day on September 17 in New York City, where we will update you on our progress towards our previous goals and our long-term strategy. With that, we'll open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank. Nishu, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi this is actually Morrison [ph] for Nishu. I have a quick question about the rough plumbing, I think over the last six years, when you called out rough plumbing it was always a driver of growth, and this time around you are saying there was softness in rough plumbing and I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit more insight into that?
Keith Allman: When you look at our plumbing segment and you compare, where we have particular concentration and new construction, rough plumbing tends to be a little bit more skewed towards new construction than repair and remodelling and that really is the primary driver some of the softness that weve seen.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, thank you. And then given the combination of a slow start and the fact that you are maintaining your full year guidance, does that imply that you expect to come at the lower end or do you anticipate that the second half of the year will make up for the slow start?
Keith Allman: We did expect a slower Q1 due to the pull ahead that we mentioned in a couple segments, but I would say that the quarter was a little softer than we expected. We didnt expect the inventory rebalancing and I would say that the weather was probably a little worse than expected, but we did see things pick up in the back part of the quarter and into early April here. And it looks like the 25% tariff is coming off the table, so that could help us with volume a bit. So all in, we feel good about our ability to execute and achieve our plans and thats why were reaffirming our range of $260 million to $280 million.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Stephen, your line is open.
Stephen Kim: Yes, thanks very much guys, I appreciate it. So I just want to clarify on the tariff guide, you are now assuming a 10% and you said that couldnt provide a little bit of a lift, but I just wanted to make sure that in your guidance you are incorporating a 10% is maintained and doesnt go to 25%. I just want to clarify if that is different from what you were assuming last quarter?
Keith Allman: Yes, you may recall that we assumed that it was 25% for the year as we started out the year, so that is correct Stephen, that were assuming that it is 10% and that 10% stays throughout the year.
Stephen Kim: Okay, and you had also assumed I think that you were going to recover the bulk of that and through pricing actions, so the EPS impact probably wouldnt be that meaningful I assume.
Keith Allman: And Stephen, excuse me, I should also just point out, when we assume that we were going to recover in price, we also assumed because of those pricing actions that we may have some reduced volume as a result of those pricing actions.
Stephen Kim: Correct.
Keith Allman: So, just to make sure you are clearing that.
Stephen Kim: Yes, thanks for that clarification. On Kichler, you talked about landscaping lighting being impacted by weather in the quarter, we also know there were, there were obviously some other issues there at Kichler. So my question overall is, can you give us a sense for how much of the Kichler sales decline you thought was impacted by weather and how much was related to other issues and when do we think we can see sales grow on a year-over-year basis in Kichler?
Keith Allman: Were off plan a little bit on the revenue side with Kichler. We took a fresh look at our long term revenue forecast and we have seen some softness in the lighting market overall going back to say the last quarter, quarter and a half of 2018 and that softness has continued into the early part here in 2019. As I mentioned, probably some weather related due to landscaping, but also I, we, believe that the industry is digesting the impact of tariff pricing and we need to get through that. This industry is more of an impact from tariff as a proportion than most of our other segments for sure. Were also applying more discipline to our pricing as it relates to retail and wholesale programs. This is consistent with how we run our other businesses we think that has an impact on the overall revenue in this business. In terms, Stephen, specifically, of growth in 2019 well be challenged to achieve growth in 2019 at Kichler due to the slow start to the year and as I mentioned our discipline around pricing in both retail and wholesale programmes, and with that impact on tariff that will be factor as well. We are confident that as we get through this rough start to 2019 that lighting will grow in a similar trajectory to repair and remodel over the long term and we're working on some exciting new programs to get after that. But in terms specific at 2019 growth is going to be challenging at Kichler.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, well I would supplement Keith's comments which is, on the operational side I think we made some good improvement there and there are some further opportunities for us to go after by implementing our Masco operating system. So, from a bottom line perspective we seeing a good opportunity there too, to continue to improve that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Matthew, your line is open.
Matthew Bouley: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to ask about the strategic review kind of, understanding there is different potential outcomes there, how would you guys think about capital deployment upon the completion of these transactions, as you know the expectation that you may buyback additional stock or are there I guess acquisitions that might be closer to the vest in paint or Plumbing, just kind of any thoughts there? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Yes, in terms of use of proceeds if we go in that direction, we really do not see a change in the capital allocation strategy that weve articulated and consistently executed against. That being consistent with regards to funding our business we would use, weve talked about the $600 million of share buyback in 2019, we certainly are continuing to look at acquisitions. We have a solid and strong pipeline that we are continuing to evaluate, but as I've said consistently we will be patient as it relates to acquisitions to ensure that were deploying capital to our businesses that have the right strategic fit and can give us the right return. So, no real change to our capital allocation strategy.
John Sznewajs: Yes and Stephen or William or Matthew, Im sorry, maybe to give you a little bit more clarity, we would probably focus a little bit more on share repurchase activity if we were to go to the sale route acknowledging the fact that our balance sheet is in good shape now. So if an acquisition were to come along we could use our balance sheet to help fund any acquisition that were to come along. So we wouldnt be afraid to deploy a little bit of those you know, fair amount of those proceeds if thats where it goes, to share repurchase activity.
Matthew Bouley: Okay, I appreciate that detail. And then secondly just back to Decorative, you mentioned the trends around sales pace accelerating in March and April in Paint, but you changed the revenue guidance slightly. So is that simply just, as you mentioned the slower expectations around Kichler or is that just a reflection of the 1Q results? I guess ultimately it is the expectation that sales growth 2Q to 4Q is going to be a bit slower than what we had previously envisioned? Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Yes, in terms of the segment growth I would say that it comes down to the two factors that you mentioned, one, the Kichler revenue was a little bit softer here in the first part of the year, and then also we had a little bit softer first part of the year in our other businesses in that segment, and so thats why were kind of guiding down to the lower end of that range here is for 2019.
Matthew Bouley: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Hi, good morning. The first question I had was on the improvement in trends that you saw during the year. You said that you started off the year a little softer due to weather. I was, and then March kind of more met your expectations. I was wondering if you could give us a sense specifically, by month, how the sales progressed on a growth basis, how bad was it in January, February, and what type of rate, did you finish the last months of the quarter and so far in April are you seeing similar to March or perhaps a little stronger any color on the progress here would be helpful?
Keith Allman: Mike, first to reset, just keep in mind as you know that Q1 is our smallest and most volatile quarter often impacted by weather and sometimes the timing of purchasing from the prior year end et cetera. So we were encouraged by the turn in the trends that we saw in March. Volumes picked up noticeably for many of our products including Plumbing and Paint. Were seeing a strong backlog and reports from the field for example in our spa business which we think is a great barometer for consumer spending, so thats going very well. So along with the macro fundamentals and what were actually seeing, in terms of orders and backlogs, were also hearing anecdotal evidence from our customers and channel partners that the consumer is healthy, that theres spots of very good traffic in fact, and were positive for the remainder of the year and feel that were well set up for the 260 to 280 guidance that we've given. In terms of specific month by month breakdowns, Ill steer away from that, but just tell you that weve seen at the end of the quarter nice pick up.
Michael Rehaut: Now that thats helpful Keith, I appreciate that color. I guess secondly, I appreciate the transparency on Kichler and obviously there are sometimes growing pains and it seems like you are doing a few things that are impacting the performance this year. I just wanted to get a sense and kind of recognize perhaps you'll have a greater, more detailed review at the Analyst Day, but ahead of that, just trying to get a sense of what landscape lighting represents as a percent of the overall sales, number one? And number two, in terms of some of the proactive actions that youre taking from pricing a pricing disciplined standpoint and I assume that's perhaps also youre reducing lower margin skews or customers perhaps, what that might do to the overall margin profile of the business over the next year or two to the extent that you are able to fully implement that shift?
Keith Allman: So, you know, but when you look at the mix of Kichlers business, Decorative Interior Fixtures is an important large chunk of it. But landscape lighting is also a big portion of the business and important to us and one that we do very well. When you go out and do channel checks and talk to the market, Kichler Landscape Lighting specifically is very strong with regards to the product and the service and durability et cetera. So its an important part of the business and we do well with it and when you have some tough weather that can affect it. In terms of what were doing and how were driving this business, its pretty consistent, how weve driven our other businesses with regards to the Masco operating system where we focus on quality of earnings and getting businesses better and aligned from a process and execution perspective before we focus on getting them bigger. So that gets better before we get bigger is a common mantra that we drive and that involves applying 80-20 disciplines to our product assortment and to our customers et cetera. So I think that coupled with as John mentioned, were exceeding our expectations as it relates to some of the cost out and productivity and synergies that were driving. So this is more of a topline issue than a cash flow or bottom line or return issue. So we would expect as we drive both cost improvements on the procurement and on the logistics and some of those basics as well as sharpening our pencil on programs that wed expect ultimately that wed continue to drive marginal improvement in the business.
Michael Rehaut: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Wood with Nomura Instinet. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Wood: Hi, good morning. First, just wanted to ask about, with the Decorative sales being pointed to a low end of the range, does that have an impact on where within the profit guidance of 17%-18% range wed fall?
John Sznewajs: No Mike, it doesnt really have an impact on that.
Michael Wood: Okay, and then I wanted to ask about the inventory rebalancing that was unanticipated, can you quantify that at all in Paint and Plumbing and is the March-April strength being helped by a restocking or has that not occurred?
John Sznewajs: So, Mike, in terms of the destocking, we won't go into details of quantifying on those measures on either segment. In terms of, are we seeing changes, going prospectively as you might imagine, going into the spring selling season things are starting to pick up. Keith alluded to the fact that we saw things get better in the tail end of the quarter. And so, we may see a little bit of that coming back here as we start off Q2, and were still working our way through all that.
Keith Allman: I would tell you Mike, that our sell through to the consumer if you will, the POS is stronger than our sell into our customers.
John Sznewajs: Yes, and I would also point out Mike, I think an element of our destocking particularly in Plumbing is due to our exceptional service levels with our customers and I think that they are able to perhaps hold a little a bit less inventory, so this might be a little bit of a one-time item in terms of that because of the strength of our service capability.
Michael Wood: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Credit Suisse. Susan, your line is open.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. My first question is just around the raw material side of things, can you give us some color on what youve seen in terms of inflation and any thoughts on how that may trend as we look to the remainder the year?
Keith Allman: Susan, some of our commodities have moderated year-over-year, but are up sequentially if you will. So we kind of take it - walk through a couple of the commodities a bit once, copper and zinc and Plumbing, that started to moderate I would say in the back half of 2018 and are down call it 10% to 20% year-over-year in Q1, but zinc in particular has bounced back, so probably a modest net benefit for the full year on those commodities. In terms of TIO2 and resin, theyre both still up year-over-year. TiO2 seems to have stabilized. However, we're still seeing pressure on resins and obviously oil prices are very volatile, so we're continuing to keep an eye on that, so not really a benefit for the year. In cabinets, plywood distribution and logistics they remain elevated, but I would say theyve moderated a bit. So while some inputs have moderated, others remain elevated and increasing on a year-over-year basis. So we're really not anticipating much of a net benefit or tailwind from deflation in 2019.
Susan Maklari: Okay, and then within the Plumbing segment you noted that there was some impact from a negative mixed shift and thats actually an area of the business where weve been seeing more of a positive mix come through over the last few quarters. Can you just talk to that shift and I guess how have you seen things as weve exited the quarter with the demand improving?
Keith Allman: Yes, I think the large driver for sure over the mixed shift was the inventory rebalancing at one of our wholesale customers. So when that happens and we have an influx, if you will, of wholesale orders, excuse me, when the wholesale orders reduce, then that as a mix makes the retail orders a greater percentage and wholesale tends to be a better mix for us. So thats a real driver for us, so we see that improving as we go forward.
Susan Maklari: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Mike, your line is open.
Michael Dahl: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Keith and John, just a follow up on Decorative, if I look at the kind of implied sales progression to get to the lower end of the range for the full-year particularly given Kichler is a bit weak it implies that the core Paint business ramps up to, back up to more mid-single digit growth potentially a bit better. So I just wanted to ask kind of, is that the level of rebound that you've seen already occur into April or is there more wood to chop in terms of getting that acceleration and anything specific in terms of programs we should be thinking about there?
Keith Allman: I think, Id say its a little bit of a combination, but youve got the numbers down, youre right on how we're thinking about it.
Michael Dahl: Okay, I guess as my followup, in terms of the split between pro-and DIY it seems obviously DIY may be more impacted by the inventory issue, but just any color you can give us on expected relative growth rates for pro and DIY implied by your full year guidance?
Keith Allman: Well, I think, you know were expecting the DIY market to be flattish, maybe even just slightly down in 2019 and thats the majority of our sales. There is a little bit of, as we talked about softer market conditions that were experiencing, that will have an impact on the full-year. The inventory rebalancing certainly is a piece of that. We continue to be bullish on our DIY - excuse me, on our pro business. We're continuing to invest in that. And we talked about the accelerated investments that we have in this quarter and the fact that we're not going to really anniversary our incremental investments in '18 until the third quarter. So we continue to think that that growth will be
John Sznewajs: Yes, the pro, side, yes it should be kind of high single digits is kind of the way we're viewing it here in 2019 Mike, and yes and kind of low single digits for the DIY side of the business.
Michael Dahl: Great, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East with Wells Fargo. Stephen, your line is open.
Truman Patterson: Hi, good morning guys, this is actually Truman Patterson on for Stephen. I just wanted to touch on the architectural paint side of the business. A couple of your competitors produced up first quarter revenues which might imply a little bit of at least near term share loss at Behr. I guess do you guys think of this as actually happening and if not, could you guys just elaborate a little bit on it?
Keith Allman: I think you have to pull out the pull forward when you do that. I think we're hanging right in there to holding our share to maybe gain a little bit.
John Sznewajs: And the inventory balancing that was affecting the paint business as well in the first quarter is Truman, if you can take a look at those two factors, we don't think we're looking, we're losing any share.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Thanks guys. And then
John Sznewajs: And then, I would tell you Truman, sell-through is probably better than selling in the quarter.
Truman Patterson: Okay, and no skew offs or anything within the retailer?
John Sznewajs: No.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Also on the Decorative Architectural side, margins declined and missed your guidance by a little bit. Was this more driven by paint decrementals from the weak volumes or from Kichler and the tariff impact on the margins?
John Sznewajs: I'd say it had to do more with the volumes, lower volumes on the paint side of the business, and as well as, this is our first quarter of Kichler, the full quarter of Kichler and it's a seasonally weaker quarter for them, so that was a pretty significant impact on lower margins here in Q1 as well.
Keith Allman: Also we had incremental investment for the pro, so that's a factor. So, I think if you look at, I won't specifically quantify, but I think the volume was the main driver simply - certainly a full quarter of Kichler and the fact that this is a lower quarter for Kichler, and then incremental investments, D&A was up a little bit with the full-year acquisition, amortization. But, I think those first three are the main drivers.
Truman Patterson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Keith, your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. I guess two questions, one on the inventory rebalancing, do you feel like here in April that that's completed for both Plumbing and Paint?
Keith Allman: I think so, yes.
Keith Hughes: Okay and then second question within Paint, is the DIY market for you as affected, actually is the pro-market for you is affected by weather as we see on some of the other competitors as sort of the pro?
Keith Allman: I think it's, you know, I don't want to talk about our competitors, but I think it's pretty similar. Our pro-volume tends to be skewed a little bit more towards exterior and so that would be affected by the weather.
Keith Hughes: Okay, thank you.
John Sznewajs: I'd say it is about the same.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Ken, your line is open.
Kenneth Zener: Good morning, gentlemen.
Keith Allman: Good morning.
John Sznewajs: Good morning.
Kenneth Zener: John, could you talk about the earnings weighting in the first half of the year versus the second half, just to give us kind of a sense of how much momentum we could expect compared to prior years?
John Sznewajs: Sure, Ken. I mean as we said on our fourth quarter call, we thought the first quarter is going be a little bit softer, partially due to the sales pull forward that we called out on the earnings call and partially due to that - we knew the first quarter of Kichler is a seasonally weaker quarter. So, we kind of had expected that going into the beginning of the year. Keith mentioned a couple of things that were unanticipated. That said, as we see the progression for the next three quarters, I'd say, it's going to be just a steady progression from here. I think the second quarter we had you will recall, we had some good strength in a couple of our businesses, partially due to the fact that we launched the Menards program really in earnest in Q2 of last year. So, we saw some good growth in that business. So, I think it would be a steady ramp from here with arguably the second half being better than the first half of the year is the way we're seeing things play out here. If you can take a look at the comps that we have against 2018, I think they are just probably a good indicator of how you should see the balance of the year play out. So, that's kind of the way we're thinking about it now Ken.
Kenneth Zener: Thank you. And if you could comment on the, I know it's small, but the U.K. window business? Thank you very much.
John Sznewajs: Sure. As you might expect, the U.K. window business apparently is relatively small and no surprise that there is and there's pockets of weakness and softness over in the U.K. in advance of Brexit. But we are seeing there is that new home construction over there, which we play a little bit in was up very low single digits. But the remodeling market was down fairly significantly, call it mid single digits in Q1, and so that really impacted our business, there pretty significantly. No surprise, but as Keith mentioned, the progress we're making on evaluating this business is continuing and we look forward to talking to everyone and making everyone aware once our decision is complete.
Kenneth Zener: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies. Phil, your line is open.
Philip Ng: Hey guys, post your strategic decision on windows and cabinets, certainly you'll be a more focused company. What type of impact do you anticipate it would have with negotiations with your customers and suppliers, given your reduced scales and any potential synergies, we should be thinking of?
Keith Allman: Our strength or our important to our customers is really driven by what we bring with brand service and innovation primarily across that core part of our business in Paint and Plumbing. So we don't anticipate any significant change in our customer relationships across our Paint, Plumbing, hardware businesses, should we choose to go a divestiture out with these businesses. I think there our relationship as I said is driven by the things we do well, and it's something that we earn. It's not, we don't anticipate any degradation of that based on a potential sale.
Philip Ng: Okay. That's really helpful color. And then on Plumbing, it was a little weaker, you obviously had some noise with pull forward but with new constructions still pretty soft too start of the year from a starts perspective and potentially impacting your rough plumbing business, will that be a potentially bigger drag in 2Q or you've seen enough in terms of orders and trends where you feel pretty good that orders, I mean volumes in that plumbing business will kind of bounce back in that mid single digit range? Thanks.
Keith Allman: Yes, we don't anticipate it being a bigger drag going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Schrier with Citi. Scott, your line is open.
Scott Schrier: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask if there is any updates to how you're thinking about [indiscernible] and I know you were kind of reevaluating whether or not you're going to look into supply chain changes or anything. So, I know it's kind of a moving target, but any color you can give us on that front would be helpful?
Keith Allman: I think probably the most relevant update is how we're thinking about it in terms of the probability of the 25%. So we, as I mentioned, we came into the year with our base plan, assuming that the 25% was going to go into effect and our assessment now is that it won't. We believe that the 10% will stick, but it's variable. In terms of update of what we've been able to accomplish it is a combination, in some cases of moving product out of China, excuse me, into a different supply chain, in other cases, it's working with our Chinese suppliers and value engineering and cost reduction and some cost sharing. And what we haven't been able to recover we've been effective in going out and getting price. So I think, the update is, we don't believe that 25%. We don't, think that 25% is going to happen and we do think that 10% is going to stick. We believe that it is extremely variable and we need to be fleet of foot with regards to supply chain cost out and pricing and with the other part of the update would be that, we've been pretty successful from my assessment in doing those strengths, those three things up to this point.
Scott Schrier: Thanks for that. For my followup, I wanted to ask a little bit about the strategic review. If that does go to divestment road and you're talking about well, buyback seems to be the priority for capital allocation or internal investment, but if you were to look in the external opportunities, you talked about your pipeline, how attractive are these opportunities, are seller expectations are multiples elevated, it doesn't make sense when we're arguably later in the cycle. So, just wanted to see how things are looking from the M&A perspective?
Keith Allman: Yes, I think when we think about these strategic alternatives, I think it is good to reset the key drivers of why we're doing this. And I've been in the seat here as CEO for five years and when we came in with the new team, we really, we committed to doing three things, one was driving the full potential of our business through the installation of a common operating system. Two was to drive leverage across our businesses, of course in supply chain and procurement, but more importantly, from my perspective and processes and people. And then thirdly, to improve our portfolio to make it more R&R focused, less cyclical, higher margin, more dependable, because we felt that was good for the shareholders and would add value. And we began in earnest right away when I came on board to do that with the spin-off of our services business and that has been very successful for the shareholders. If you look at their market cap now and our total, it's that was good for the shareholders. We also said with regards to the portfolio that we felt the best avenue for creating shareholder value was to fix our cabinet windows businesses and we've done that. So, this is a natural progression of what we've set out as our strategy to continually improve our portfolio to drive shareholder value as it relates to reduced cyclicality and more repeatability and higher margin. So, while it's, I know your question was directly related at use of proceeds. I think more fundamentally this strategic and alternative assessment is really focused on creating shareholder value and continuing with the track record that we have of doing that. Now with regards to the attractiveness in our pipeline, we really haven't seen too much of a significant change in valuation and expectations on the surface and that doesn't slow us down. We continued to cultivate, we continue to work for opportunities and we have a very robust pipeline and some exciting opportunities. But we're going to be patient and we're going to ensure that the targets we're looking at are strategically right for us and that we believe fully that we can earn the return that we expect to earn when we make an investment. It doesn't feel to me that valuations have as of yet really loosened up. It's the sellers, it's a bit of a slow start in the quarter and they are not particularly interested in selling off of a bad quarter. They want to sell off the momentum. So, it's a volatile period, if you put yourself in the seat of a seller and we really haven't seen that much change in terms of expected valuations.
John Sznewajs: And Scott, maybe just one other piece of information because we get this question quite a bit, much more tactical than Keith's answer is the tax basis of these businesses. And just for everyone's benefit, the tax base of this group, the three businesses collectively is about $300 million. So, I think that helps frame things for people as they think about, if we go to the sale route, the expected net proceeds from those businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America. John, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, it's actually Pete Gabon [ph] for John. Thanks for taking the questions. John, maybe you can just elaborate a little bit on the double-digit growth in Cabinets, new construction that you guys saw in the quarter? I mean, is that mostly just loaded on Menards side or what kind of drove that given the flattish new construction environment in 1Q?
John Sznewajs: Yes, so I think it doesn't necessarily relate to the Menards business because that's not an R&R. It has to do with the fact that you may recall over the course of really 2015 to 2017, we pulled back on our - a lot of our new construction business, because it was less than profitable. So as we saw some growth here in the first quarter, it's really off of a relatively easy comp compared to the first quarter of 2018.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, okay. And maybe just one more on the strategic review and if you're willing to comment at all. I mean, kind of what level of inbound interest have you guys received since kind of putting these two businesses out there as potential divestiture candidates, anything, you're willing to comment on there?
Keith Allman: Very good. These are attractive businesses that have leading brands in their categories, good strong cash flow. We've done a good job with putting in good teams of leaders in these businesses and we've improved them tremendously, but there's still improvements to go. So these are good businesses, real solid market share, brands, innovation pipelines, et cetera. So we are seeing very healthy interest.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Great, thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten with Macquarie. Adam, your line is open.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, thanks guys. Just quickly on Plumbing, you guys mentioned wholesale de-stocking, can you talk about the trends you saw in U.S. retail?
Keith Allman: In terms of de-stocking?
Adam Baumgarten: No, in Plumbing what kind of sales trends you saw in U.S. retail?
Keith Allman: Yes. Our retail business was okay kind of January and February where we were a little soft, but again, similar to the trends we saw in the overall market, we saw some pickup as we went into March and the first part of April. So, it's not inconsistent with what we saw across our broader portfolio of businesses.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it. And then just on cabinets, I mean you haven't changed the guide there even with the kind of strong start to the first quarter. I know that kind of ex-Menards explained, you're kind of implying slightly down volumes. And I think part of that at least last quarter was handicapping for some of the tariffs that were potentially going to come through. Is it safe to assume given your more benign look on tariffs that the kind of underlying ex-Menards, cabinets growth outlook is a little bit better?
John Sznewajs: Yes. I'd say, It might be just slightly better, Adam. I wouldn't say it's materially better than what we were thinking about at the beginning of the year.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates. Justin, your line is open.
Justin Speer: Thank you, guys. I appreciate it. I wanted to take the question back to Kichler and thinking about I just, if you could take us back down memory lane on what - if you could remind us what you were thinking about the opportunity with that business when you bought it versus maybe the reality of what it is today, now that you're expressing this, I guess more negative tone with the impairment, the weakness in the underlying markets, but I want to understand what the right annualized revenue and margin profile for that business is now going forward now that you have it in your hands for over a year?
Keith Allman: The underlying thesis, when we looked at it and we ultimately ended up acquiring it was that it was a large market with fragmented competition that it demonstrated growth at or slightly above the base R&R market and it demonstrated an ability to get price commensurate with commodities. So what we saw in this business was an opportunity to apply some of our operating system techniques to take cost out, that if we could go in and apply and work with them as it relates to demand generation through influencer advocacy and that we could learn from them on how to more quickly identify consumer trends. There's also an opportunity that we saw and we are taking advantage of is it relates to supply chain and new product development processes to shorten that cycle. So, as we get in here and look that those fundamental underlying premises and as we know the business better have not changed. What's changed and what we didn't anticipate was tariffs and this business is for the most part procured in China and so there is issues associated with the pricing and elasticity that we're working to better understand, but fundamentally, what we've learned about their presence in the market, their presence in the channels and how they're appreciated with the distribution is unchanged. And we're going to continue to drive and we still feel good about.
John Sznewajs: Yes Justin, I want to make certain, we've got greater clarity for everyone on is the sensitivity of that trade name calculation to two small movements in topline and I'll get into some granularity here, but because it is - the trade name is based off of the projected revenue of the business, so when you value assets well during purchase price allocations, you dont have a lot of room to move particularly on the trade name before you may be in an impaired situation, and so slight movements in topline projections can put you in such a position. So I don't want you to walk away from the conversation that we are particularly troubled by what's taken place Kichler, it's just the very sensitive nature of the calculation that's caused this impairment.
Justin Speer: Oh I guess followup on that, number one, was there any lost market share associated with this because it was my understanding that most of your competitors were also kind of similarly sourced or at least the supply chains were similarly arranged? And then secondly, with tariff potentially the prospect of that coming off does that potentially just flip the scripts back to what you're originally thinking or is there something maybe larger underneath or may just lost share or something that took place or maybe more difficult to get back even with tariffs that this is being removed?
John Sznewajs: Yes, so we dont  at this point it is difficult to tell whether we lost share, we dont think we've lost any share, but we're still, when you are up against a bunch of private competitors always topped in terms of share positions on the short term basis. And so, but at this stage we dont think we've lost any meaningful share any place. So we  that does not impact anything. In terms of the tariffs coming off of it, does that change our thinking longer term, yes, it could. We've got to see that come through, but in terms of what we've done, we had to go with kind of the facts and circumstances as we know them today.
Justin Speer: Thank you.
Operator: And gentlemen your final question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. Eric, your line is open.
Eric Bosshard: Good morning. Just a followup on Kichler, I understand the disruption over the tariffs and the weather, but in terms of the ultimate destination with this business, the targets that you bought it in terms of your market share and the margin opportunity, do you feel different now than you do did a year ago when you bought the business?
Keith Allman: No, we dont. We think that this business is going to grow at or slightly above the overall repair and remodel market and we're driving towards continued margin improvement. We're over performing our plan and we're doing better than I expected as it relates to some of the cost outs that we're driving. So as John mentioned with the accounting calculations for trade name it's hypersensitive to revenue. But there wasn't a goodwill write-down that we took here or write-downs associated with the cash flow, so that's more of the issue.
Eric Bosshard: Okay, that's helpful, thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Mascos Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results Conference Call. My name is Jack, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Chaika, you may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Jack, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2018 fourth quarter and full year conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Fourth quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial measures. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Ill begin with some brief comments on our fourth quarter before I turn to our full year results and conclude with the thoughts on 2019. Turning to Slide 4. In the fourth quarter, our top line increased 11%, excluding the impact of currency, driven by strong growth in our North American Plumbing operations, the benefit of our Kichler acquisition, and strong growth in paint. Excluding the impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures, sales grew 5%. Operating profit grew $58 million or 23%, due to increase of volume, continued cost control and improved price realization. As a result, operating margins for the quarter expanded 150 basis points to 15.4%. Our earnings per share increased 56% due to improved operating earnings, a lower tax rate and lower share count. We repurchased 9.6 million shares for $300 million in the quarter, a significant increase in our repurchase activity compared to prior quarters. We were pleased with our fourth quarter performance. Turning to Slide 5, for the full year of 2018, we overcame significant inflation and delivered strong sales, operating profit and EPS growth for the full year. This growth was driven by solid consumer demand, healthy end markets and our continued focus on executing our growth and capital allocation strategies to deliver shareholder value. Sales for 2018 increased 9%. Excluding the impact of currency acquisitions and divestitures, sales grew 5%. This growth was driven by record sales years for five of our business units, Behr Paint, Delta Faucet, Hansgrohe, Watkins Wellness and Liberty Hardware. Operating profit grew 6% despite significant inflationary headwinds demonstrating our ability to manage our costs and successfully implement price to offset raw material and other inflation. Earnings per share increased 29% in 2018 due to a lower tax rate of 25%, increased operating earnings, lower share account and lower interest expense. Turning to our segments. Plumbing continued its strong performance in 2018. Delta gained share with its Brizo brand and showrooms, its opening price point Peerless brand at retail, and we saw strength across all channels of distribution, including wholesale, retail and e-commerce. Notably, Delta achieved a record year and successfully implemented a companywide ERP system. Hansgrohe's success was driven by growth in China and Germany offsetting softer conditions and certain other countries. Watkins, our leading spa business, had an outstanding year with strong performance in its core dealer network and retail channel, and healthy sales of these aquatic fitness systems. In our Decorative Architectural Products segment, the acquisition of Kichler Lighting early in the year significantly increased sales. We've integrated Kichler into our Masco Enterprise. And we'll continue to drive value in 2019 by leveraging Kichler's product portfolio with existing and new customers realizing further operational improvements and optimizing its brand and go-to-market capabilities. Our propane initiative grew high single-digits for the full year, and we continue to invest in this large opportunity along with our partner, The Home Depot. Propane now represents about 25% of our coatings revenue, and we expect to continue to drive high single-digit growth in the propane market in 2019. In the DIY market, we are well positioned with the leading brand, the highest quality products and a great team of people and expect to continue to outgrow the DIY market in 2019. Turning to Cabinetry, we've returned to top line growth in 2018 with strong 7% growth, excluding the divestiture of Moores. Our repair and remodel cabinet business grew double-digits in 2018, aided significantly by our new program win with Menards. This growth, together with our business shift over the past several years, has resulted in 70% of our sales in this segment now driven by the repair and remodel market, up from approximately 60% two years ago. In our Windows business, sales grew 1% for the full year, excluding currency and our divestiture of Arrow Fastener. We achieved mid-single digit growth in our U.S. business, while our UK business was challenged with lower demand. We took action in the UK to restructure and right size our operations during the year to match the current level of demand. From overall Masco perspective, our strong growth generated over $800 million of free cash flow for a more than 100% free cash flow conversion rate. Strong cash flow is a hallmark of Masco, enabling us to drive shareholder value through reinvesting in the business, selectively pursuing acquisitions with the right fit and return and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We deployed nearly $1.5 billion of capital during the year consistent with our balanced capital allocation strategy. We returned $654 million to shareholders through share repurchases, redeployed $549 million for the acquisition of Kichler Lighting and we increased our dividend for the fifth consecutive year all while reducing debt by $106 million. With this debt reduction and continued earnings growth, we finished 2018 with a very strong balance sheet. Our net debt to EBITDA at year-end was approximately 1.7 times. Before turning to 2019, I'd like to thank our more than 26,000 employees will here in North America as well as across the globe for all of their efforts to help make 2018, another successful year for Masco. Now turning to 2019. I'd like to share with you our view of the markets for the year. Consistent with many industry forecasters, we expect to repair and remodel market to grow in the mid single-digit range in 2019 though slower than the rate of growth in 2018. For new construction, we are assuming a low single-digit growth rate due mainly to labor constraints and affordability concerns, understanding that recent declines in mortgage rates could help alleviate some of the affordability pressure. And for our international markets, principally Europe, we're expecting a low single-digit growth environment. With regards to tariffs, our assumption is that the list three tariffs will increase to 25% on March 1st. We've previously shared with you that the impact of these tariffs on Masco is less than the raw material and other inflation we effectively dealt with in 2018. As a reminder, the 25% tariffs represent approximately $150 million of annual inflation or approximately 2.7% of cost of goods sold. However, it remains to be same what the impact these subsequent price increases will have on consumer demand. Based on these assumptions, we expect sales growth in the range of 3% to 5%, excluding currency, margins to be similar to 2018 as we've offset tariffs with supply chain initiatives, other internal productivity measures and price and earnings per share to be in the range of $2.60 to $2.80. With our strong balance sheet, we will continue our balanced capital allocation strategy, and intend to deploy approximately $600 million towards share repurchases in 2019. Now, I'll turn the call over to John to go over our fourth quarter and full year results in more detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization charges, inventory step-up related to purchase accounting for the Kichler acquisition and other one-time items. Turning the Slide 7, we've finished the year strong. Fourth quarter sales increased 10% or 11% in local currency. Excluding acquisitions and divestitures, sales increased 4% or 5% local currency. Currency translation unfavorably impacted sales in the quarter by approximately $19 million. Local currency in North American sales increased 14% in the quarter or 6%, excluding acquisitions and divestitures. Local currency international sales matched prior year in the quarter and increased 2%, excluding our divestiture of Moores in the fourth quarter of 2017. SG&A as a present of sales decreased to 190 basis points to 16.9% in the fourth quarter to leverage on volume, lower promotional spend and cost containment. We delivered solid bottom-line performance as operating income increased 23% in the quarter and margins expanded 150 basis points to 15.4%. For the fourth quarter, our EPS increased 56% to $0.64. I would like to note this performance was calculated based on a normalized tax rate of 25% versus a previously guided 26% tax rate. This change in our tax rate was driven by the issuance of recent IRS regulatory guidance regarding certain provisions of the new tax code. Due to this change, we have provided restated adjusted EPS numbers each quarter of 2018 in the appendix on Slide 23. Fourth quarter EPS was favorably impacted more than expected by approximately $0.05 consisting of approximately $0.03 benefit from the pull-forward of sales in the Plumbing and Decorative segments, $0.01 due to the lower normalized tax rate of 25% and $0.01 due to the gain in asset sale in the Decorative segment. Turning to the full year 2018, sales increased 9%. Excluding the acquisitions and divestitures, full year sales increased 5%. Currency translation favorably impacted the full year results by $47 million. To local currency, North American sales increased 11% for the full year or 6%, excluding acquisitions in the Arrow divestiture. Our North American teams executed well, driving solid revenue growth is our strong brands, innovative products and broad product assortment continue to resonate with designers and consumers. In local currency, international sales declined 2% for the full year or increased 1%, excluding the Moores divestiture. While we experienced some international market softness in 2018, mainly in the UK, our international Hansgrohe plumbing business continued to drive growth. Our SG&A, as a percent of sales, decreased 90 basis points to 17.7% for the full year, as we continue to leverage our volume and control our costs. Full year operating income increased $67 million or 6% as operating margins up 15.1%. Lastly, our EPS increased 29% to $2.50 for the full year. Compared to our prior 2018 EPS guidance, the $2.50 in EPS includes the aggregate $0.04 EPS benefit of the sales pull-forward and again the sale of the building in Q4 and a $0.03 full year EPS benefit from a normalized tax rate of 25%, down from our previously guided 26% tax rate. Our adjusted EPS calculation will continue to assume a 25% normalize tax rate for 2019. Turning to Slide 8, our Plumbing segment had a strong finish to the year as sales in the quarter increased 6%, excluding the impact of currency. This was driven by strong growth in our faucet, shower and spa businesses. The fourth quarter benefited from approximately $10 million of pull-forward sales from Q1 of 2019 while currency negatively impacted sales by approximately $16 million in the quarter. North American sales increased 8% in local currency as we experienced strong demand from our wholesale, retail, dealer and e-commerce customers. Additionally our spa business continued to outperform by achieving a record fourth quarter with these innovative new products and industry leading brands. Our international sales in the fourth quarter grew 3% in local currency, rebounding from the stocks third quarter. Hansgrohe's focus on key markets drove this performance as they experienced strong growth in Germany and China. Operating profit in the quarter increased 11%, due to incremental volume, lower spending and a neutral price cost relationship. Turning to the full year 2018, sales increased 6% in local currency. This strong growth was driven by a record years at Delta, Hansgrohe and Watkins. North American sales grew 8% in local currency as we experienced strong growth across all channels and price points during the year. Our international plumbing sales increased 2% in local currency as Hansgrohe's performance continued to benefit from their investments in brand, design and innovation. Full year operating profit grew 3% due to volume growth, partially offset by the price costs lag we experienced in the first three quarters of the year, mix and other expenses such as ERP spending. For 2019, we expect the plumbing segment sales growth to be in the 3% to 5% range, excluding currency with margins similar to 2018 as we implement price to offset the impact of the proposed tariffs. Also given year-end currency exchange rates, we expect 2019 revenue will be unfavorably impacted by approximately $65 million, principally in the first and second quarters. This unfavorable currency exchange results and negative EPS impact of approximately $0.01 per quarter in each of Q1 and Q2, 2019. In addition, depreciation and amortization in this segment will approximate $20 million per quarter due to increased capital investments in 2018. We also anticipate additional $5 million of expense in Q1 as we will be exhibiting at ISH, a large biennial European plumbing trade show. Turning to Slide 9, the Decorative Architectural Products segment grew 30% in the fourth quarter. Excluding the acquisition of Kichler, sales grew 8%, as we experienced strong double-digit growth in our core DIY products, and high single-digit growth in Pro. Behr's strong DIY performance was aided by approximately $20 million of sales pulled forward from Q1, 2019, due to increased year-end customer purchases to achieve incentives. Operating income increased 42% in the quarter aided by the Kichler acquisition, increased volume and improvement in the price cost relationship, cost control in a $4 million gain on the sale of a building. Full year sales grew 20%. Excluding the acquisition of Kichler sales grew 5%. The solid performance was driven by our Behr Pro initiative as we achieve high-single-digit growth and continued to grow share with the Pro. While this Pro growth is slightly lower than our previously guided double-digit growth expectations, we are pleased with this performance considering the slowdown in the overall coatings market. Together with the Home Depot, we will continue to invest in and capitalize on the significant growth opportunity.  The solid sales growth in 2018 was also attributable to Liberty Hardware's continued share gains from successful new product introductions and program wins in the retail channel. Full year operating income increased 13%, principally due to the acquisition of Kichler and improving in the price-cost relationship and lower spending. For Q1, 2019, we expect segment's operating margins to be down approximately 200 basis points. This margin erosion in Q1 is driven by the $20 million of sales pull-forward into Q4, 2018, both sequential and year-over-year commodity inflation, additional investment in our propane initiative, the full quarter impact of Kichler and increase in depreciation and amortization to approximately $12 million per quarter. For the full year 2019, we expect sales growth in this segment to be in the 4% to 6% range, including the benefit of approximately two months from the Kichler acquisition and operating margins to be between 17% and 18%. Turning to Slide 10, in the Cabinetry segment, excluding the Moores divestiture, sales increased 4% in the fourth quarter and 7% to the full year. This solid performance was driven by our industry leading brands as we experienced double-digit growth in our repair and remodel business in 2018. The Cardell program at Menards is performing well, and we are pleased with its first year performance. In addition, our new home construction business matched 2017. Segment profitability declined $1 million in the quarter and declined $8 million for the full year. The fourth quarter performance was driven by increased logistics costs and mix as we discussed in our third quarter call. Full year profitability was also impacted by logistics costs and mix in addition to the ramp-up costs related to the Menards win. 2019, we expect flat to low single-digit sales growth due to lower demand in the cabinet market and expect segment margins will similar to 2018. Turning to Slide 11. In our Windows segment, sales decreased 1% in the fourth quarter and declined 2% for the full year. Excluding the sale of Arrow Fastener in the second quarter of 2017 and FX, sales increased 1% for the full year. This performance was driven by Milgard, a leading Western U.S. window business, which grew low-single digits in the quarter, and mid single-digits for the full year. Milgard's growth received a favorable pricing and a positive mix shift toward our premium window and door products. This growth was partially offset by our UK window operation, which continues to experience market softness. Segment profitability in the fourth quarter increased to $4 million, but decreased $16 million for the full year, fourth quarter profit due to favorable price costs and mix. Full year performance was primarily driven by restructuring actions taken in the UK and the increase in Milgard's warranty-related costs and inefficiencies in both the North American and UK operations. In the first quarter of 2019, we will be implementing the ERP system in Milgard's largest California facility. As a result, we expect a modest operating loss due to lower volumes in the incremental ERP costs in the first quarter. For full year, we expect low single-digit sales growth for this segment, excluding currency with modest margin improvement. Turning to Slide 12, our year-end balance sheet was strong with approximately $600 million of the balance sheet liquidity as well as full availability of our $750 million revolving credit facility. Working capital, as a percent of sales, finished the year at 14%. While slightly higher due to the acquisition of Kichler, this performance continues to be some of the best results in the industry. During 2018, we repurchased 18.6 million shares for approximately $654 million and we increased our quarterly dividend by 14% to $0.12 per share. We took further action in 2018 to strengthen our balance sheet by reducing debt by $106 million. In addition, we now hold an investment grade credit rating as Standard & Poor's, Fitch and Moody's. Going into 2019, our disciplined capital allocation strategy is unchanged. We continue to prioritize investments in our businesses to drive organic growth. We'll balance acquisitions with the right strategic fit and returns with share repurchases, and we will maintain an appropriate dividend. We expect to deploy another $600 million for share repurchases in 2019 subject to market conditions. We are assuming a 290 million average share count for 2019. We generated $830 million of free cash flow in 2018, and expect to sustain better than 100% free cash flow conversion rate in 2019. Lastly, as Keith mentioned earlier, our 2019 EPS estimate is $2.60 to $2.80 per share. I provided a lot of detail on our 2019 expected performance for each segment during my prepared remarks. Please see slides 27 and 28 in the appendix of our earnings deck for a list of these assumptions. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. Looking at 2019, while we believe that growth may moderate in 2019, the fundamentals of our business and our core repair and remodel markets are healthy. Consumer confidence and wages are growing. This increases our consumers' willingness to invest in their home. Home prices continue to appreciate. This is highly correlated with repair and remodel spending. The age of the housing stock is increasing with 50 million owned homes greater than 30-years-old. This drives increased remodeling spending. And household formations have steadily increased throughout 2018, driven by the millennial demographic. This trend is projected to continue fueling housing demand for the next decade. With our continued focus on executing our strategy, including investing in our leading brands, innovation leadership and operational excellence coupled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, we will continue to create shareholder value. With that, well now open up the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Ken Zener with Keybanc. Your line is open.
Ken Zener: The 8% growth we saw in North America Plumbing, I was wondering if you could maybe expand on that a little bit. And I'm just thinking of your Analyst Day in the past, where you looked at faucets and shower-heads, non-decorative and other wellness. I just want to see how much dispersion there was between those different end markets. If you can do that for the quarter and for the year just so we can get a sense of how those different initiatives are working.
Keith Allman: When you look at our North American Plumbing market growth of 8%, we're very pleased with that. And we believe that that growth is higher than the overall market. So we think we're taking a share there. So we feel good about that. When you think about our international plumbing business, that's an extremely diverse set of demand spread over 135 countries, and it's difficult to really nail down the market growth with that kind of aggregation. But when you look at how Hansgrohe is performing, particularly in Central Europe, we're happy with that. So when you look over -- look across the Plumbing group's overall performance and where that growth was driven, there was some good geographic dispersion, which were pleased with. And then when you look further as it relates to price point, we had some very good growth in the opening price point, driven the way we wanted driven meaning we launched new products to specifically address that price point of the peerless brand, for example, we're seeing very good sales in our Beijing, toward that categories, which tend to be more opening or entry price point. But we also saw a strong growth in our high-end brands of Axor and Brizo for Delta and Hansgrohe respectively. And we saw very good growth as we talked in our prepared remarks in our spa business and our hot tub business. So we're seeing strong dispersed growth across both geographies, price points and across our full continuum of the portfolio. So we feel good about the growth and feel good about 2019 in that segment.
Ken Zener: And then I was just looking at the DIY paint seems to grow. I mean, I -- we grew low-double-digits. Was that including the pull-forward? Because I mean, I think there was some other commentary from some other producers about it being kind of challenging. And it seems like you didn't have the issue if you can spend on that? Thank you very much.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Ken. It's John. I -- first of all, the low-double-digit growth rate does reflect or include the $20 million of sales that were pulled forward out of the first quarter into the fourth quarter. So that does help aid growth rate a little bit. That's said, we do think that the overall coatings market in 2018 just grow a little bit. And so we do feel like we've probably picked up a little bit of share gain on the DIY side, not a ton. If you look at our overall growth rate for the full year, it was definitely low single-digit, so a little bit of tailwind there in the fourth quarter, but for the full year low single-digit growth. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Q  Michael Rehaut: The first question I had was, looking out to 2019, your sales growth outlook of 3% to 5%, obviously, by segment you continued to execute a lot of market share gaining initiatives such as propane, your expansion in Plumbing et cetera. I was curious -- it looked though that like the 3% to 5% was more of in line with your market growth assumptions, so if that is indeed correct, I was just curious about how you think about share gain opportunity in 2019, and if that's reflected at all in your outlook.
Keith Allman: Yes, Mike, one of the things that did impact our guidance for the full year on the top line the 3% to 5% is the fact that we did have some of that pull-forward sales that impacted the fourth quarter. So that $30 million, we would have typically anticipated, hitting into 2019 pull-forward than 2018. But if you consider the markets that we are in both the R&R market, which is growing kind of mid single-digit 4% to 6% range and kind of low single-digits for both new Construction and International, and if you consider the fact that, in particular our Decorative Architectural segment, we've got growing low single-digits. If you put that all together, there is some share gain baked in there. So we do think we're growing ahead of markets, but overall the markets are slowing a little bit for 2019. So I hope that captures the essence of your question.
John Sznewajs: Mike, we're seeing some good share gain opportunities to continue on our propane segment, for sure. We have a real solid momentum in Plumbing, and we -- and expect that to continue. And our offering, as it relates to an aisle service product and brand et cetera, we feel good about that in the DIY space, while that market is a little softer. We believe it'll be a little softer going in 2019. So there is share gain baked into our thinking.
Q  Michael Rehaut : I guess, secondly, you mentioned that the list three 25% tariffs are baked into your outlook for the year, your EPS guidance. Just wanted to clarify that it still represents $150 million of incremental headwinds, and more broadly if you could just remind us of the overall outlook for incremental raw material and tariff inflation in 2019, and how you expect to offset that between if its possible to break it down between price productivity and whatever other offsets you have?
John Sznewajs: That $150 million impact, Mike, is the right number. And we've talked about that before. Of course, theres a significant amount of moving parts and potential variability there. Does -- do the 10% -- does that say? How much of the 25 goes in if everything, when it goes in? So I think it's best to think about that as a very dynamic situation. And as more certainty is revealed over time, we'll be sure to share that with you and reflect that in our updates. In terms of ROCE, without a doubt, tariffs is the biggest uncertainty for 2019. We are assuming in our forecast that does -- the tariffs do jump up to 25% in March. When we look at other significant commodities like copper and zinc, for example, in Plumbing, that has started to moderate in the back half of 2018. And we think that's the level we're at and we're assuming that the level we are at in copper and zinc will continue into '19, so there might be a modest benefit there as we move on through the year. In coatings, while TiO2 has moderated a bit, we are continuing to see significant pricing pressures in resins. And in cabinets, plywood distribution and logistics, they remained elevated. But we think those are moderating. We think those will hold where they are currently. In terms of how we're addressing it, certainly, we're making significant moves and decisions and doing a lot of work on our supply chain. For example, we've reallocated, if you would, and moved over $30 million of plywood purchases in our cabinet business to address countervailing duties and tariffs and the like. That's just one example. We're looking at value engineering and costs out. We're looking at productivity. We're certainly looking at other opportunities to move to other low cost countries and then price. And I think, we've demonstrated the ability to execute on all of those.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Wood from Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Michael Wood: First question, I just wanted to ask for some more color on the DIY gallon growth, do you have any point of sale trend that you could share with us in the fourth quarter? It looks like, as you mentioned, you outperformed the market. And if you could provide some more color in terms of what's driving some of that relative strength.
Keith Allman: So Mike, in terms of -- we really can't get into POS. That's not ours. We can't give you too much a read-through. That said the down growth was kind of flat for low single-digits in the fourth quarter. So that's where we stand there. We feel good about that overall. And we -- and that's a combination of both Pro and DIY. So we continue to grow the Pro side. The DIY has been a little bit sluggish. But that's been the case all of 2018. So that's not necessarily new news.
John Sznewajs: So, I think, in terms of what's driving that DIY growth in the aisle is a number of things. There's no one silver bullet. There is certainly -- a big driver of it is our strong partnership with the Home Depot, and the work we're doing in the aisle to convert foot traffic to cash paying sales to the consumer. The brand of Behr is extremely strong in the DIY space and well known. Our service levels both in the store and in terms of delivery are extremely strong. So that combination of brand and service and a continued steady innovation pipeline is all part of our success in DIY.
Michael Wood: And then some other building product companies that have reported have seen some destocking in fourth quarter -- notably Europe and U.S. retail, did you see that in any of your segments?
Keith Allman: There's always fluctuation with inventories at our customers. We did see a little bit of destocking in Plumbing wholesale, where we've had tremendous success. And that did slow down in that channel a little bit in the Q4. So that was a little bit of destocking there. But then, we also had significant pull-ahead volume, which would, obviously, equate to restocking. We talked about that $30 million impact over and across Paint and Plumbing. So really we did not see what I would characterize as any material destocking in our channels.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Schrier with Citi. Your line is open.
Scott Schrier: I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about if there was any impact on margins this quarter that might have come from pushing price to offset tarrifs, and then we have the tariff delays. So if there's any lag there, that caused a little bit of margin hell in there. And then, understanding thats pretty uncertain, if tariffs dont materialize or things turn out to be better than we hoped for, can you speak to the elasticity of pricing that you might have for some of those price increases that you're putting through?
John Sznewajs: Sure, Scott. As it relates to the impact in the quarter due to pricing related tariffs on margin specifically to your question, when you recall that what we're trying to do and what we're pursuing with price when we pursue price to offset the tariff impact is just to recover the dollar amount of the tariff. So there's not an incremental margin on as a result of the tariff pricing that we're putting into place, if anything, because we're only recovering the dollar value of the tariff is actually a slight potential for margin to decline because of that. So, really no margin benefit there. I forget the second part of the question.
Keith Allman: In terms of elasticity, Scott, its  thats really difficult to nail down when you look at the environment that we're in. Typically, the elastic studies that we do and information we have is based on in a constant environment of a particular product line goes up or down. With this kind of broad-based inflation in our -- across our markets, it's difficult to really take that down specifically, but we are expecting that there would be some pull back in terms of demand in the categories that are affected.
Scott Schrier: Got It. And then in the last couple of quarters, I believe, that you've mentioned that you are seeing strong trends in terms of your ticket size is, I'm curious, if you anticipate that continuing or consistent with your comments about some moderation in '19. You would expect to see some even ticket sizes moderate in an environment where you have some uncertainty. And if so, is that built into your guidance?
Keith Allman: Mix is a good story for us Scott. We're seeing good high-end growth in our higher price bigger ticket items. I talked a little bit about it in terms of some very high-end shower systems at Hansgrohe. We continued to do well. Our spa business had a record year this year. So the high-end is very strong and it continues to be strong for us when we expect that continuing into '19. We're also increasing our revenue and our growth rate in the opening price point or in the low-end. And that's by design where we've launched specific products and talked about Peerless, we've talked about bathing and some of our toilets and vitreous China products. So we're also seeing growth there. I think that's a good story when you have that kind of bimodal dispersion into growth. The market is strong and new entries and new homeowners are forming households, driving some of that opening price point. And we have products to cover that. And then there's the move up phenomenon and we have products on the high end. Now while our lower-end products tend to be a little bit lower margin over time, we've done work to close that gap. There are lower margin. And when you factored all in how we're looking at '19, we're really not anticipating mix being a material impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Justin Speer: I had a couple questions. One, just the broader corporate level SG&A, the management in the quarter was excellent. And I just want to understand which of that is temporal in nature? And how to think about SG&A as a percentage of revenues on a go-forward basis embedded in your guidance?
Keith Allman: A portion of that favorability in SG&A this year is what we talked about terms of the gain a sale on the DAP segment, so that was about $4 million. And we did lap some investments in Q4 of 2017 tied to some pretty significant resets and program wins at -- in decorative hardware with Liberty in the shower program. So there was a bit of an easy comp, if you would. We also had good cost control throughout the year and we did push certain investments into '19 to mitigate inflationary pressures, for example. In '19 we expect total SG&A for the Company to be up slightly from '18 as a percent of sales, as we pick up some of those investments that were pushed out to '19. We're going to continue to invest strategically for growth, such as marketing spend in Plumbing and additional headcounts in Deco to support the pro initiative.
Justin Speer: Okay. And then the next question is a two-part question, particularly as it pertains to the Plumbing business, you're looking for flat margins there included a 25% tariff. First question is do you already have the price in hand for that 25% tariff? And the second question is how do margins for that business flex around a more sanguine R&R market backdrop? Was that low-single or flat as opposed to your 5% view? And how do they look under a 10% or no tariffs scenario?
Keith Allman: In terms of do we have price in hand for the 25? No, we do not. We obviously had significant conversations and pricing actions for the 10%. We feel we're with a combination of the price and cost-outs that we've driven there. We're in good shape on the 10%. But more conversations would be required for sure. Should we see this go to 25% -- Justin, could you repeat that second part of your question for us?
John Sznewajs: On the -- on margin flex in the low growth environment versus a-no tariff scenario. So Justin, as I think about that assuming that commodities are constant. So let's put that in and there is a really, I mean, commodity impact. I would say that we should see some modest margin expansion just given our leverage on incremental volume, right. And so that should help us out. And to the extent that the tariffs don't go into effect and that has a good impact or a favorable impact on consumer demand, we would typically see incremental margins off of volume in this segment kind of in that high 20% to 30% range. So we should see some, again, some modest margin expansion in that scenario as well.
Justin Speer: But in a flat world, assuming a 25% tariff does go into depression that would potentially risk your guidance as you're looking for modest growth there?
John Sznewajs: It had a little bit of an impact on it only because -- we have 25% tariffs. We are going to be, again, the same answer I gave a couple minutes ago. We'll only be getting the dollar impact of that recovery on all these tariffs. So that -- if anything there, could present a little bit of a headwind to margins in that scenario, Justin.
Justin Speer: Thank you.
Keith Allman: I think I may have heard you say something along the lines of the 25% tariff risking our guidance. Just to be clear, we have incorporated into our guidance the expectation of 25% on March 1st.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Q  Nishu Sood: I wanted to ask first about the assumed moderation in demand that you're baking into your '19 forecast. So on the housing side, we clearly have some indicators that housing has slowed down, and I imagine you would expect that begin to impact some of your businesses in the next quarter or two. On the R&R side, the assumed slowdown -- is that something you've seen already in 4Q? Or are you just assuming that it happens given the slowdown on the new side?
Keith Allman: We did see a little bit of a slowdown in Q4. I think in our coatings business, we saw it a little bit. I talked a little bit about our Plumbing business in the trade and wholesale. So theres a little bit of slowness there.
John Sznewajs: And I'd also say that we saw a little bit of slowdown in our cabinets and to a degree, Windows business. We grew low single-digits for the fourth quarter, and Windows, we are in mid single-digits for the full year there.
Q  Nishu Sood: And in terms -- just shifting gears to cabinets and other specialty, in terms of the kind of margin turnaround there kind of getting us back to a double-digit -- low single-digit revenue growth there seems pretty good given their greater exposure to new construction. On the margin side though we're expecting flat for the year, we have less -- I would imagine that tariffs impact based on your tables there, and less commodities as well. So, why only flat -- when can we expect further improvement in the margins on those two businesses?
Keith Allman: When you look at cabinets, we had a full year margin north of 9%. And when you compare that to the competition, we think we're doing pretty good there. We've got certainly some good dropdown that can come from that. We also experienced some inflation in plywood that we've dealt with. There's still little bit more of that that could be a drag on margins. In terms of our Windows business, we've got ERP spend that we're going to continue to make into the quarter, which our experience shows us will have an impact on both the top line as well as the actual expense of that ERP system. So when you combine those things together, that's what's really led to our guidance as it relates to margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim, Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen Kim: I wanted to follow-up on the cabinet conversation a little bit. Menards, I think, you had indicated that it was going to be running at a run rate of about $80 million or so by on an annualized basis by the end of this year or the end of last year. I'm guessing that maybe you recognized about half of that in 2018. And if that were to be the case, that would suggest that Menards alone would add about 400 basis points to your sales next year. But you've guided zero to three. And so I'm kind of wondering if you could talk about what you're seeing in the market environment that underlies that guidance or was there any -- is there anything that you're seeing in terms of the sales environment that is depressing things that is worth calling out be regionally or price point wise or anything like that?
John Sznewajs: So, Stephen, with respect to the Menards business -- while we won't break-out the specific customer sales -- if I do a little bit better than that $40 million run rate that you suggests. So the impact for 2019 is great as you've laid out there. That says as we go into 2019, and we consider a little bit of the deceleration and so on 2018, and in the impact of the tariffs and the pricing feeling a big ticket item like Cabinetry, we do expect to see a little bit more of a market slowdown in Cabinetry going into 2019. And so that definitely weighs on our forecast for 2019. That's said, even though that we did see some of this deceleration, we do expect just some modest growth in this because we've seen nice growth on the R&R side of our business. And we've gone back to flat sales for our new construction business. So not while ago, but we do see a little bit of deceleration in that area for 2019.
Stephen Kim: Okay, that's helpful. But just when that -- just to clarify, you're expecting some modest growth excluding or in addition to Menards win?
Keith Allman: We -- given the fact that we've taken some headwinds, given the tariffs and decelerate -- or the overall market demand, I'd say it'd be kind of flat to very low single-digit growth ex-Menards.
Stephen Kim: Ex- Menards. Okay. Got it. And then you talked about the outlook for housing certain things being kind of low single-digit growth for the year. At this point that seems like it's reasonably conservative, but also there's a lot still up in the year in terms of what the housing markets going to do as we just entered the spring selling season this week. And so I was curious if you see upside to this housing starts figure that you laid out of low single-digit growth, is there anything about your strategy that would change? And are there any particular segments that we should be expecting you would be able to generate outside sales or profit growth as a result of housing starts specifically?
Keith Allman: If there's -- if rates start to go down a little bit, then obviously that could be an upside for us. In terms, Stephen, of your direct question, if we see upside in our guidance, I would say no. I think we put our guidance right where we think it would be where we expect to come out based on what we know now. With regards to our specific strategy and what we change anything in our strategy, should there be an increase in housing demand? No, not really. We've got our capacities in a good spot where we need to fulfill the demand. We've purposefully moved our portfolio to a less cyclical, higher margin, more stable state because we think that's the right thing to do for shareholder value. We talked a little bit about doing that in our cabinet business how we shifted it now to some close to 70% of our business coming from repair and remodeling rather than new construction. Obviously going back we spun off our services business. And we're continuing to drive our Paint and Plumbing business and our Lighting business, particularly into that R&R space. So that's our strategy. We think that strategy is sound and it's working. So I would not say that we would have any material strategic change should we see housing pickup in '19.
John Sznewajs: And Stephen, I just remind you that housing as a percent of our total revenue is now down to about 15%. So it's really a key point. Because of the strategic reposition that we've done over the years, it's really a very minor impact toward the overall part of our sales and our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Q  Mike Dahl: I wanted to just go back to some of your commentary around sales and thinking about the cadence of things, you guys have called out a couple of things that are idiosyncratic about the pull-forward in the Paint and Plumbing segments with respect to the impact on 1Q, you pointed out some margin headwinds in 1Q. But I guess at a higher level, when we think about that 3% to 5% organic sales growth, how should we think about that playing out kind of 1Q, 2Q versus the second half?
Keith Allman: Well, we've talked about some of the pressure that we're seeing in 1Q, as it relates to margin and also on top line with the pull-forward that we experienced in Paint and Plumbing. So that would be a factor on the first quarter. When we look at that from first half to second half, we certainly will see it pick up in the second quarter as those first quarter headwinds don't exist with regards to the pull-forward. And then the second half to be somewhat similar to the first half, so we're maybe a little bit stronger in the back half, but really pulling out the effect of the pull-forward out of Q1 into Q4 of '18, really not a significant change beyond that.
Q  Mike Dahl: Okay, got it. And then my follow-up question. Just looking at the decorative segment, in particular with respect to the 2019 guidance, I was hoping to drill down on Kichler a bit more, because clearly that's a business that has potentially outsized exposure from a tariffs standpoint. You've expressed some conservatism broadly speaking around what potential demand impacts could be, should the 25% go into effect. So I guess on Kichler specifically, what are you guys embedding from a growth and margin standpoint to the extent you can give us a little more detail there.
Keith Allman: Yes. I won't break it down into specific details for Kichler, but into speaking more on in general terms. You may recall, we have 10 months of Kichler in 2018, starting basically in March. So we'll have starting basically in March. So we'll have the full quarter in Q1 as Kichler. And just on face value of Kichler, that would be a margin drag as Kichler's margins are lower than the average in the segment. But particularly, in Q1, that's seasonally a weaker quarter for Kichler. So that will put some drag on the segment as we look at the performance in Q1 and that's part of our guidance, some of our prepared remarks with regards to margin in that segment. Very happy. We continue to build out the team down in Kichler has an outstanding leader that's demonstrated performance across the number of our businesses and a number of functions. As I interact with the dealerships and get more exposure to our customers, I'm really seeing a strong brand and then also seeing an opportunity for us to bring some of our [indiscernible] and operational skills and some of our purchasing power to that area. We have an outstanding ability and opportunity to bring e-business capabilities to that business. So we're very happy with Kichler acquisition, and we're going to continue to drive performance throughout the year. Understanding that given the full year or full quarter ownership of Kichler and the fact that Q1 is a seasonally weaker quarter that will be a little bit of margin drag in the segment.
John Sznewajs: Yeah, Mike, or maybe just to add on to Keith's comments just a bit. If you think about how we look at the lighting business and when we talked about when we acquired the business, we really don't see the fundamental market for lighting shifting dramatically from when we initially talked about. It should grow kind of at the same rate as the overall R&R market kind of in that mid-single digit 4% to 6% range, as you might call it. That said you raised the point about the tariffs and the tariff impacts, because that have a little bit of a headwind on that. Yes, they could, without a doubt. So something we need to look at and see how the tariffs actually roll-out and see how that plays.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew Bouley: Hey, thank you for taking my questions. I just wanted to follow up on the discussion earlier around how you would kind of flex margins depending on different market assumptions, because you gave a point estimate for both Plumbing and Cabinets margins in 2019 in light of obviously a lot of moving pieces around tariffs and commodities. So I guess just what gives you confidence in such precise estimates? And then would you be able to kind of give, I guess, some more specific range or bracket around those margin estimates? Thank you.
Keith Allman: I think the specificity comes from being able to identify the pull forward, for example. I think that's a significant benefit. We wanted to get some more detail in those segments, because there were so many moving parts. I think the -- historically, we understand how those businesses operate and the effect of Kichler as it relates to a seasonally slower point in time. And the fact that we own it three out of three months, instead of one out of three months there. So that was straight math and we wanted to make sure that we talked about that. So we could be more precise than that for specific quarter. With regards to more detail, I think we've laid out the detail that we're prepared to lay out with regards to our margin performance for the year. And with respect to the impact of tariff, which is obviously the big moving piece here that we're talking about, that would have -- if those were to go away that would move us up toward the higher part of our range and we'll leave it at that and will provide more detail as we get more certainty around the number with the dates, et cetera.
Matthew Bouley: And then just the margin guidance specifically for Decorative, understanding the larger impacts in the first quarter, it still suggest that you're expecting a lower margin year- over-year from the second quarter to the fourth quarter. So is there any additional color on why that maybe in light of oil prices obviously moving lower. I guess how much of that would be the Kichler headwind from tariffs is mix of pro, a meaningful part of that just any additional color on why the conservatism on margins there? Thank you.
Keith Allman: Kichler is a big mover there which that we've already talked about. We do expect some price commodity headwind in the first half of '19. We are going to continue to invest in hub stores and pro reps and recall that we don't anniversary our 2018 pro rep additions until the third quarter. So when you look at Kichler, you look at what we expect to be commodity headwinds particularly in the resin area that will be facing early in the year. We look at our growth investments in hub stores and pro reps and the fact that we don't anniversary some of those additions we made in '18 to late in the year. Those are combined to put our guidance in that 17% to 18% range.
John Sznewajs: The one other thing I would add to that list of items that Keith just called out is our depreciation and amortization in the segment. I called that out in my prepared remarks, will be up compared to what we've experienced historically, Matthew. So that's another margin headwind a little bit, but from an EBITDA perspective, where probably EBITDA does not -- no impact on EBITDA whatsoever.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Q  Susan Maklari: My first question is just around, you've done a fair amount of work on the working capital side over the last year or so. How much more do you think you can do there and how should we think about that potentially adding to some of the cash generation that you expect?
John Sznewajs: Certainly. So we [indiscernible] and thank you for noticing the fact that we've been working on working capital. Indeed, the businesses have been working hard at it. It has actually elevated a little bit from where we've been historically, a large part of that has to do with the Kichler acquisition as they carry a higher working capital than most of our business historically, our businesses, core businesses typically have done. That said, we are working with the Kichler team. We know they know that they see opportunity to reduce the working capital in their business. So there could be a little bit of a tailwind for us going forward. And as you may know, we have all of our businesses focused on working capital. So we're -- while we are happy with what we've posted so far, we always strive to get better than within where we've been. So I think there's an opportunity to grind out a little bit better working capital as we go into 2019. That said, the one thing that will be a bit of a headwind for us in working capital is the tariffs, because the tariffs, you have to pay the government in very short period of time. I believe its seven days and so that will impact our working capital a little bit as we go into 2019.
Q  Susan Maklari: Okay. And then my next question is just now that Kichler is integrated, how are you thinking about M&A going forward? Can you give us any color on what you've been seeing in terms of the pipeline there?
Keith Allman: We have not changed our strategy in M&A, our pipeline remains solid. We're focused on identifying spaces, if you will, that we think have good fundamental growth and tailwinds and good pricing power and then we identify specific targets and then start our cultivation activity and we have a pipeline process and I'm pleased with the level of the pipeline, we really are not changing our strategy. We are -- we have a strong balance sheet that affords us the ability to do the kind of deals that we want to do as well as allocate capital on a balanced approach toward share repurchases, dividends, and of course we are going to continue to fund our brand and innovation in our existing core business. So we like what we're seeing and we're going to continue to drive it and when we are ready to do to announce a deal, we'll do that.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A session and the Masco fourth quarter and full year results conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Chaika - Masco Corp. Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp. John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.
Analysts: Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mason Marion - Nomura Instinet Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Matthew Bouley - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman & Associates Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. My name is Zetania and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika - Masco Corp.: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2018 third quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter earnings release and the presentation slides we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risk and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial measures. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our earnings release and the presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to slide 4. In the third quarter, our top line increased 9% excluding the impact of currency, driven by strong growth in our North American Plumbing operations, our Cabinet business and our acquisition of Kichler Lighting earlier this year. Excluding the impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures, sales grew 4%. Operating profit grew $10 million and we achieved 15.2% operating margin in the quarter due to higher volume, price and disciplined cost control. Our EPS increased 25% to $0.65 per share. Turning to our segment performance, our Plumbing segment grew 4% or 5% in local currency, driven by outstanding North American Plumbing growth of 9%. Delta had a record sales quarter with strong growth across all channels and price points. Our upper price point Brizo products, our entry-level Peerless products, bathing fixtures and toilets, all experienced strong growth. Additionally, Watkins continued its strong performance due to model refreshes in its dealer channel and an expanded product offering in the retail channel. While North American Plumbing was strong this quarter, international Plumbing declined 1% in local currency, primarily due to softness in Central Europe. This was partially offset by continued strength in China. In our Decorative Architectural segment, sales grew 20%. Excluding our acquisition of Kichler Lighting, sales grew 1%, with high single-digit growth in pro paint and strong performance in decorative hardware, largely offset by a decline in DIY paint. While the DIY paint market was softer than expected, we believe our competitive advantage of having the highest quality, best value paint sold exclusively at The Home Depot positions us well. Moving on to Cabinetry, our Cabinet segment delivered robust 11% growth excluding the divestiture of Moores. This growth was led by our repair and remodel business in both the retail and dealer channels. The roll-out and initial months of the Menards program have gone well, and we are on plan to achieve an $80 million annual sales run rate during the fourth quarter. While we are pleased with our top line performance in Cabinetry, we experienced slightly unfavorable mix as we ramped up the Menards business and experienced an increase in logistics costs, both of which will likely continue into the fourth quarter. Turning to Windows, sales were down 3% mostly due to the difficult 12% comp in our U.S. business and softness in the UK market. Moving to capital allocation, we continued our share repurchase activity in the quarter by repurchasing 2.3 million shares for approximately $89 million, bringing our year-to-date share repurchase total to $354 million. Based on current market conditions and our liquidity, we now plan to allocate up to $300 million to share repurchases in the fourth quarter, bringing our expected 2018 share repurchase total to approximately $650 million. This share repurchase activity is in addition to the $550 million allocated to the Kichler acquisition and the $114 million allocated to debt reduction, demonstrating our strong free cash flow generation and balanced capital allocation strategy. Lastly, we are updating our anticipated earnings per share for 2018 to be in the range of $2.39 to $2.44. This is largely due to the lower than expected volumes in our DIY coatings and international Plumbing businesses and modestly lower margin expectations for Cabinetry. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail, including the potential impact from tariffs. John?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance excluding the impact of rationalization charges, inventory step-up related to purchase accounting for the Kichler acquisition and other one-time items. Also, as a reminder, any prior period comparisons have been adjusted to reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition and pension accounting rules. Turning to slide 6, we delivered solid top line and earnings per share growth in the third quarter. On a reported basis, sales increased 8% or 9% in local currency. Excluding acquisitions and divestiture, sales increased 3% or 4% in local currency. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted our third quarter revenue by approximately $12 million. In local currency, North American sales increased 12% in the quarter or 5% excluding acquisitions. We believe the outlook for our repair and remodel demand remains healthy, and we continue to experience solid demand for many of our industry-leading repair and remodeling products. As a reminder, repair/remodel activity represents approximately 84% of our total sales. In local currencies, international sales decreased 6% in the quarter. Excluding the divestiture of Moores, international sales decreased 2%, driven by market softness in our international operations, particularly in the UK and Central Europe, partially offset by continued strong growth in China. Gross margins were 32.7%, down 110 basis points, largely due to the acquisition of Kichler. Our SG&A as a percent of sales improved 40 basis points to 17.5%, as we continue to leverage our SG&A, while making strategic investments to drive profitable growth. Our operating profit increased 3% to $320 million with operating margins of 15.2%. As we discussed on last quarter's call, operating margins were impacted in the third quarter by ERP costs and continued inefficiencies in our Windows business. We also experienced strong growth from lower price point products in North American Plumbing and Cabinets, which resulted in unfavorable mix. Our EPS was $0.65, a 25% improvement compared to the third quarter of 2017. As Keith mentioned, we are updating our estimated annual EPS range to $2.39 to $2.44. Principal items that affect this change are softness in the DIY paint and international Plumbing markets that Keith described, as well as continued cost pressures in logistics and distribution, primarily in Cabinetry. Turning to slide 7, our Plumbing segment sales increased 4%. Excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, sales increased 5%. This performance was driven by solid growth in our North American faucet, shower and spa businesses. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted this segment's sales by approximately $9 million in the quarter. Our North American sales grew 9% in local currency, as we experienced strong demand for our industry-leading brands across our wholesale, retail, dealer and e-commerce channels. As Keith mentioned, Delta delivered a record sales quarter. Additionally, our spa business continued to outperform the competition, as Watkins Wellness leveraged its strong dealer network, innovative new products and industry-leading brands to drive growth. Our international Plumbing sales decreased 1% in local currency, as European markets were softer than expected. This was partially offset by strong growth in China. As a reminder, our international sales were up against a tough comp as we experienced strong double-digit growth in Germany and China in the third quarter of 2017. Turning to segment profitability, operating margins were impacted by a lag in price/cost and the implementation of Delta's new ERP system. The lag in price/cost is principally due to lower volumes in Europe resulting in less price realization than anticipated. Mix also impacted margins largely due to our lower price point Peerless faucet program win at retail and increased sales of bathing products and toilets at retail. For the full-year, given the recent softness in our international Plumbing markets, we expect operating margins for this segment to be down slightly as compared to 2017. Turning to slide 8, the Decorative Architectural Products segment grew 20%. Excluding the acquisition of Kichler, sales grew 1%. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted this segment's sales by approximately $3 million in the quarter. This sales performance was driven by a high single-digit growth in Behr's pro paint business, continued growth in retail and e-commerce channels at Liberty, our builders' hardware business. This growth was partially offset by a low single-digit decline in Behr's DIY paint business. We continue to be pleased with the progress we are making with the integration of Kichler, and its annualized sales for 2018 are expected to be approximately $430 million. Compared to the third quarter of 2017, operating income increased 6%, while operating margins declined to 17.7%, largely due to the lower margin profile of Kichler, including the higher depreciation and amortization expense that resulted from the acquisition. For the full-year, we expect margins in this segment to be in the upper end of our 16.5% to 18.5% range. As a reminder, this segment faces a difficult comparison in the fourth quarter, as segment sales grew 12% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Turning to slide 9, in our Cabinetry segment, sales increased 11% in the quarter excluding the impact of the Moores divestiture. This strong performance was driven by our industry-leading brands, as we experienced double-digit growth in our repair and remodel business through increased volume and favorable price. Our existing home center and dealer business experienced solid growth in the quarter. In addition, our program at Menards continues to gain traction and we are pleased with this program's initial performance. Segment profitability increased in the quarter by $3 million, principally due to increased volume, partially offset by increased logistics cost and product mix. For the full-year, we continue to expect 5% to 7% sales growth excluding the Moores divestiture. However, we now expect operating margins for the full-year to decline approximately 150 basis points due to logistics cost pressures and mix that we experienced in Q3 and we expect to continue into the fourth quarter. Turning to slide 10, our Windows segment sales decreased 3%. In the third quarter, we continued to experience market softness in the UK. In North America, Milgard's favorable pricing and a continued mix shift toward our premium window and door products was offset by lower volume, as sales matched prior year despite facing a difficult 12% sales comp from the third quarter of last year. Segment profitability decreased primarily due to approximately $5 million of incremental costs, as we continued to address inefficiencies related to warranty and service in the U.S., as we discussed on the second quarter call. For the full-year, we continue to expect this segment's sales growth to be 3% to 5% excluding currency and divestitures, with operating margins down approximately 100 basis points compared to 2017. Turning to slide 11, we ended the quarter with approximately $600 million of balance sheet liquidity, as well as full availability on our $750 million revolving credit facility. Working capital as a percent of sales increased 100 basis points versus prior year to 15.5%, largely due to the impact of the Kichler acquisition. For the full-year, we expect working capital as a percent of sales to be approximately 15%. Further, we are pleased with the overall strength of our balance sheet, as our net debt to EBITDA now stands at 1.8 times. During the third quarter, we continued our focus on shareholder value creation by repurchasing 2.3 million shares valued at approximately $89 million, bringing our year-to-date total to $354 million. With our strong free cash flow and balanced approach to capital allocation, we expect to deploy approximately $300 million in share buybacks in the fourth quarter of 2018. This will bring our total expected capital deployment in 2018 to acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and debt reduction to more than $1.4 billion. Before turning the call back over to Keith, I want to help frame for you the potential financial impact of the tariffs as we head into 2019. Please turn to slide 12. As you can see on this slide, we import approximately $600 million of components and finished goods that fall under the tariffs. Please keep in mind this is a rounded approximation subject to numerous variables such as volume, currency and mix. To put this in perspective, if the 301 tariffs rise to 25% as planned on January 1, this would amount to approximately $150 million of inflation or roughly 2.7% of our annual cost of goods sold. This is less than the amount of raw material and other inflation that we effectively dealt with in 2018. We believe this amount of additional cost is manageable through a combination of price increases, supplier negotiations, supply chain repositioning and other internal productivity measures. We have initiated actions and plans on each of these elements already here in 2018, but recognize there may be a lag between tariff implementation and mitigation in 2019. We expect little impact of these tariffs in the fourth quarter of 2018 due to the timing of the tariff implementation and our inventory positions on the products affected. You can see that our Plumbing segment is the most impacted by the tariffs. As the plumbing industry leader, we have a broad product assortment much more than faucets and showers and have significant manufacturing facilities in Indiana, Tennessee, California, North Carolina and Texas. Many competitors such as private label source nearly 100% of their products from China. So, we would have a competitive advantage against these competitors. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you, John. 2018 has been a dynamic year and we expect to grow our earnings per share approximately 25% in spite of raw material and logistics inflation and tariff challenges. We're executing to address these cost challenges and remain focused on leveraging our industry-leading brands, innovation pipelines and channel expertise, and we are driving top and bottom line growth. We believe that the fundamentals of the repair and remodel market are supportive of solid long-term growth. Demographics should drive household formations for housing for years to come, as the large millennial generation has started forming households. Home price appreciation, which has a strong correlation with repair and remodel spending, remains strong at nearly 6% year-over-year. The average age of the housing stock continues to increase, as 65% of the U.S. housing stock is now over 30 years old, and older homes have more repair and remodel spending per home than newer homes. GDP growth rate is at a four-year high. Unemployment is at a 50-year low and consumer confidence remains at a 15-year high. We continue to see strong growth in many of our product categories and believe that a strong economy has the greatest correlation with sales of our repair and remodel products. We will continue to execute our strategies against these favorable market fundamentals and will deploy our strong cash flow in a disciplined and balanced approach between acquisitions with the right fit and return, share repurchases and dividends to create value for our shareholders. With that, we'll now open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Stephen Kim of Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI: Thanks very much, guys, and thanks for all the information. It was very helpful. The outlook seems reasonable. I guess I just wanted to ask a question to start off about the U.S. business generally. You talked about the fact  the factors that would drive continued strength in R&R, and certainly, the economy is what matters most. However, one of the things that's recently been impacting our whole space is the rising rates, and an aspect of that has been some concerns that you would see a slowdown in mobility, effectively that folks who have a low mortgage rate on their home  on their mortgage product are choosing not to move because they don't want to give that low rate up. And I was curious if you could talk a little bit about how you see this issue affecting your company, the demand for R&R generally in your company specifically over the next few years. Do you think this is much ado about nothing? Do you think that there are reasons to believe that people who stay will spend more on remodeling than when they look to move or other dynamics like that, if you could just talk about the issue?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Stephen, we think that our R&R concentration, which as we've talked is about 85% of our revenue, puts us in a place where we can take advantage of these trends. Without a doubt, the rising rates and the increase in home price appreciation is putting a bit of a pinch on affordability. However, when you look at the dynamic of what happens when people choose to stay in their home, be it because of overall affordability, the need to move to another house at a higher mortgage rate, et cetera, oftentimes what they see  and it's somewhat of a countercyclical trend between R&R and new construction  is that when they stay in their home, they'll now pull the trigger on a major remodel. So, much like home price appreciation, where home price appreciation can tend to dampen a little bit on  the movement on a new construction, home price appreciation is very tightly correlated, one of the best correlations that we see, to R&R spend. So, as home prices increase, people feel better about pulling the ticket on an R&R project. As people tend to stay in their house longer, they feel better about an R&R spend. So, overall, when we look at the repair and remodeling market, we think it's strong because fundamentally it's consumer-driven and the consumer's strong.
Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI: Got it. And with respect to that as kind of a follow-up, I was curious as to how you felt like some of the different segments that you operate in might be  might experience this dynamic differently. Would it be more beneficial to Cabinets, let's say, relative to Decorative Architecture? And sort of wrapped up around that, in Dec Arch, you talked about paint being softer this quarter. I was curious as to how much weather may have impacted the sales this quarter. Was it  did you see primarily a slowdown in outdoor paint, because I know it's been unbelievably wet here in the Northeast at least? It probably would have been very difficult to do a lot of outdoor painting jobs.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: In terms of the segment impact as it relates to people staying in their homes longer, really we don't see a material change segment to segment. Really, it's a question of big ticket versus small ticket. And when you are committed to staying in your home longer, that generally bodes well for pulling the trigger on a bigger ticket item. But when we look at the data and we look at our expectations, there's really not a material difference as it relates to segment impact. We think the DIY market is strong. We're strong in DIY across all segments, and therefore, it's pretty consistent. With regard to weather, we didn't call it out specifically, tend not to do that. But yeah, when we look at August/September and we look at the heat map, if you will, around the country, the West was okay. But boy, the East Coast was really wet and it was very hot as well. So, yeah, that probably had a little bit of an impact.
Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Clark of Goldman Sachs.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, thanks for taking my question and good morning. My first question is on tariffs, and thanks for all the detail that you've provided there. I'm curious in terms of how long you would expect the time lag to be between kind of the imposition of a 25% tariff to the extent that it takes place and how quickly you could kind of right-size that in terms of the pricing and cost and/or the other actions that you mentioned.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Hey, Doug. Good morning. It's John. With regard to the tariffs, we think that there might be a quarter or two lag in getting full realization of our pricing actions. So, we think we can do it fairly promptly. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have already begun some of those conversations here in the fourth quarter. So, we feel pretty good about how those conversations have begun. There might be a little bit of a lag between, like I said, implementation and realization.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks. And then, I know you mentioned or talked a little bit about Plumbing and kind of your manufacturing footprint in the U.S. I'm curious on the lighting side, so with Kichler in particular, which I assume is a majority of the Dec Arch exposure there. Any differences in terms of ability to get pricing or just kind of the globalized supply chain?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: You're right, Doug. The majority of the tariff impact in Dec Arch is Kichler. We design and manage assortments and source from the Far East like basically the entire industry. So, from a competitive standpoint, we think we're right in there with everybody else. So, that really should not affect our ability to get price.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: And Doug, I would just add to Keith's comment. In Dec Arch, we also have Liberty Hardware, which is a builders' hardware business, largely a source and sell. And that industry is structured similarly to the lighting industry. So, there's a lot of import there and same dynamics that Keith mentioned with lighting will apply here.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: All right, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood of Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. On the tariffs, you folks have shown a good ability to pass on price in terms of a rising input cost this year. 25% is a pretty large number. As you look across where the tariffs are going to raise prices ultimately, areas where it's unavoidable, how do you think  where are you concerned that it might slow demand?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Well, I think that's the million dollar question and that remains to be seen. This is a unique situation that we're in to say the least, in that the majority of our elasticity data and data analytics is around a stable market. And what we're seeing here, Nishu, is the entire  in many cases, the entire competitive space, like in lighting or hardware like we just talked about, is going to go up. Some of the issues or some of the correlation would be around overall ticket size and the overall impact as it relates to, say, a light or something more significant. So, it remains to be seen. We're going to watch the price elasticity and adjust accordingly. But now, our focus is on managing our supply chain, working with our suppliers to drive productivity, making supply chain moves, and we're focusing on margin and getting price.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it, got it. Okay. And then, my follow-up question was on Plumbing. A lot of the metals complex prices have begun to come down. There was some lag this quarter in price versus cost, I think, you mentioned, John, because of lower volumes in Europe. When should we expect the benefits of the lower metals prices to come through in Plumbing?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah. Nishu, if you think how the base metals flow through and impact our Plumbing segment, it's generally about on a two-quarter lag that we feel it through the P&L on our financial statements. And so, given the pricing trends in both copper and zinc, which are the two that primarily impact our cost of sales, I would guess that we would start to feel the impact of the lower prices here late in the fourth quarter and the beginning of the first quarter of 2019.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Lovallo of Bank of America.
John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions as well. First question is you guys are clearly still pretty bullish on the R&R cycle in the U.S, which is encouraging. What do you think is going on in DIY? Is this  in DIY paint specifically. Is this just the shift more towards do-it-for-me or is there something more structural going on here?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Well, I think paint's always  DIY paint is inherently a bit choppy quarter-to-quarter and it's difficult to call with precision exactly (00:29:33) where the market is, particularly on a quarter-to-quarter basis. There's some dynamics there. Certainly, the overall quality of the paint is improving. We've had a paint and primer-in-one that has had an effect over the past years. There's been an increase of renters versus buyers if you look at over the past several years, and renters tend to paint a little bit less. But fundamentally, we think as millennials are moving into the household formations, and when you look at the average age of that cohort and the inevitable arrival of children and that move towards household formations, we think that bodes well for the underlying demand as it relates to DIY.
John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's helpful. And then, maybe just touching on the international businesses, recognizing that there was a tough comp, I think you guys did call out a little bit of softening in the market. Is there anything that you could attribute that to and what are you guys thinking about going forward there?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: I think in the UK, John, part of that has to do with the fact that I think we see just the economy pulling back a little bit as they are starting to contend with the Brexit issues and the unknowns that go along with that. And in Central Europe, I think it was just a bit of a pause. We've seen very good strength in our European businesses and in China over the course of the last multiple quarters. And because of the tough comp, we don't attribute any significant softening to the overall market. It's  we just think it might have been a bit of a pause.
John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Wood of Nomura Instinet.
Mason Marion - Nomura Instinet: Hi, this is Mason Marion on for Mike. What are the trends in the pro gallon growth in paint? Are you seeing more of a competitive response than you were previously and will you need to discount more in the future?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: We continue to do very well in that segment. We think we've got a very good value proposition to the targeted painters that we're going after, who are shopping at The Home Depot, and that's a big  call it a $4 billion market. And it's a better solution to not have to make a better or an additional trip to get your paint. And we have the best quality, and our service is improving and the service is very good, and we've got these outstanding points of sale in The Home Depot. So, we like our performance in paint. We're going to continue to drive that. In terms of competition, yeah, it's tough competition, there's no question about it. We're up against some very, very good competitors that I respect very much, and we're competing. But as I said, when you have the quality of the paint, the quality of the brand, the quality of the service and a great partner like we do, we like our chances of continuing to gain share.
Mason Marion - Nomura Instinet: All right, great. Thank you. And then, on the impressive growth in the Cabinet segment, was the strength broad-based or were there particular segments that were stronger than others?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: I would say that this has to do with  our semi-custom business was actually quite strong, both on our  the two big-box retailers that we had traditionally served along with the new program at Menards. But then also our dealer channel saw very strong growth in the semi-custom offering. So, it was  that KraftMaid brand does really well, it resonates great with designers, and so they're great advocates for us as consumers walk into whether it's a big-box store or whether it's a local dealer. We feel really good about how KraftMaid has performed here in the third quarter of the year.
Mason Marion - Nomura Instinet: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Susan Maklari of Credit Suisse.
Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you. Good morning. My first question is just around the tariffs as well. Are you seeing any pull-forward of demand or any sort of shifts in terms of some of your overseas suppliers that could cause some disruptions, especially as maybe we look to the first half of next year?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Not really, Susan, I mean, not in a material way.
Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then, on the tariffs as well, you mentioned that obviously price is sort of the first step in dealing with the situation. But as we look out, you also did mention some changes to your supply chain. How should we think about that as part of the strategy? What would you need to see in order to pursue that and maybe how would it sort of come together across the different segments?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: It certainly is a component. We're looking at supplier negotiations, we're looking at productivity improvements in our own shops, and certainly, we're looking at repositioning the supply chain. It could involve moving some of our assembly here. I'll remind you that we have a significant footprint in the United States across all of our segments, particularly in Plumbing and in Cabinets. So, moving all or parts of the process onshore, working with our suppliers to set up manufacturing in other locations is another option, and we've initiated these options already and it's going well. We have experience in doing this. You may recall back sometime in our Plumbing business, where we had the no-lead legislation that came at us like a freight train in terms of AB1953, and we had to go from leaded brass to non-leaded brass, and that represented about a 30% increase. So, in terms of how to drive price, how to effectively move supply chains, and importantly, how to manage it. This is very manageable, but we're paying attention to it. We have a tariff task force that we've set up. John, myself and all of our group presidents meet every week. The team is responding very well. We're taking it seriously, but we're going to work through it and we have experience to do it and we're pulling a number of levers to get it done.
Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Bouley of Barclays.
Matthew Bouley - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. So, you've called out mix pressures in, I guess, both Cabinetry and Plumbing. So, Keith, I'd just love to hear your thoughts on kind of whether this customer trade-down effect is something that you're really anticipating through the cycle here. And accordingly, how should we think about the profitability of your products at different price points and assuming that that lower price point seems to be the area where there is greater demand at this point? Thank you.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Matthew, I'd start by saying that it's really  we're not seeing a customer trade-down. What we're seeing is good wins in that lower margin product. So, through good assortment win work and good commercial sales force, we went out, we won a nice program in Peerless. That's the opening price point, which does have a little bit less margin. We're seeing growth in our bathing products, which is due to a reset that we had in the big-box aisle. So, happy about that. And our toilet program, which again is a tweak to the assortment, where we're seeing good growth. So, when you think about our global Plumbing platform, we have a continuum of margin from  on the lower side, say, our bathing and our toilet products and then up through accessories and then up into the high margin faucets and shower systems. So, we're seeing good growth based on our target assortment and sales initiatives, but we're also seeing good growth up at the high-end. Our spas in our Plumbing business, high-end, very discretionary, high-end tickets are selling very well, as we talked about with Watkins Wellness. Our Axor product line, which is the high-end product line for Hansgrohe, is doing well. Our Brizo product line, which we talked about in the prepared remarks, is continuing to do well. So, we're seeing bimodal growth. It's not a shift. So, we like that. In terms of Cabinetry, as planned, the stock cabinetry at Menards will sell faster during the initial resets, because it requires significantly less training. But as we train in the associates and as we get this business rolling, that will improve. So, I'm not troubled by the mix shift. I think that's a sign of good sales work and good assortment work.
Matthew Bouley - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right, that's helpful color. Thank you. Second question, just on Plumbing specifically, the guidance for the full-year for  I guess you termed it a slight decline year-over-year in operating margins  would still suggest a rather large step-up in the fourth quarter sequentially, which is unusual for that segment seasonally. So, is there any finer point you can give us on how to think about the Plumbing margins specifically as we look to the fourth quarter? Thank you.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah. Matthew, just to refresh everyone's memory, in the fourth quarter of last year, we had some significant spend as it relates to some of the displays that we were putting in at Delta, which was in the amount of roughly $8 million. And so, we don't think we'll be incurring  we won't be incurring that spend in the fourth quarter of that year. So, that should contribute to a pretty significant margin improvement sequentially from Q3 to Q4.
Matthew Bouley - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rehaut of JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First question  and I apologize if I missed this earlier. In terms of the guidance reduction, I believe you kind of cited two key drivers  two or three key drivers being a little bit softer DIY, a little bit weaker international, as well as the higher commodity and logistics cost. I was hoping if you could kind of give by degree of magnitude what each of those drivers represented as part of the  in terms of the degree of magnitude of influence on the guidance reduction.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah. Sure, Mike. It's John. In terms of  the way we look at it, if you think about the various components that we mentioned, if you think about the softness in the DIY paint and international Plumbing markets, that kind of aggregated probably 80%. The balance 20% was related to some of the continued cost pressures in logistics and distribution.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, great. And then, just more broadly, as you think about kind of the sales trends during the quarter, obviously, a lot of your peers have kind of cited some softening that occurred during the quarter, maybe particularly, I guess, in August and even more so in September. Just wanted to get your thoughts, by segment, if that's something you witnessed across the board, were there any segments that you kind of saw that more prominently than others. Obviously, paint might come to mind there. But anything in terms of how it trended during the quarter, and by segment, if any product lines or channels for that matter witnessed more of that type of deceleration than others?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Broadly speaking, there wasn't a significant difference as we look across the segments with maybe the exception of paint in August/September timeframe, when it was quite wet and there was some heat. We  obviously, when the hurricanes are coming through, we're not going to be selling a whole lot of product. But I didn't see a particular  we didn't see a particular channel-specific hit or a segment-specific hit.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: And Mike, as you consider, through the quarter, we had pretty good consistency through the quarter as well. There wasn't either peaks or valleys within the quarter either.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can I just squeeze one more in? As you're looking at the full-year for 2018, I was curious if you could give us a sense overall what you think you've been able to achieve from a pricing standpoint versus other offsets that you've put into place to combat the raw material inflation.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah. Mike, so as we think about how things developed through the course of the year, obviously, we've seen fairly significant inflation in the input costs in a variety of our products, including copper and zinc, which we touched on, on a previous question. But we've also seen some of that same inflation impact our Plumbing  or our paint business, I should say, as both TiO2 and engineered resins have increased fairly significantly through the course of the year. We're seeing TiO2 continue to be up, but not perhaps at the same rate that it was up earlier in the year. And if you're thinking about our Cabinet Products, we did experience some inflation on some of the hardwoods that go into our Cabinet Products earlier in the year, and that's continuing a little bit here. And then, here toward the middle part of the year, we saw a little bit of increase in distribution and logistics costs. So, all that inflation has hit us. As we look into  across the year, we absorbed a little bit of that inflation in the first half. As we look at the second half though, we still think we're going to be price/cost neutral for the second half the year. So, we feel like we've gotten on top of this and we're in a really good position as we enter 2019.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Dahl of RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question goes back to the comments early on about the Menards business and how you're experiencing some logistical challenges around that. And so, I was curious if you could provide a little more detail about what exactly those challenges are. You say they're persisting through year-end. Just give us a sense of is it just that training aspect you mentioned or how should we think about kind of the magnitude of the challenges and your ability to fix it over the next couple of quarters?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Mike, I apologize if we communicated a link between Menards and logistics. That wasn't the intention. They're separate. So, it's a Cabinet logistics cost and transportation cost escalation, not tied to Menards. And that's driven by what we've talked about before on prior calls with regards to the base fuel escalation, as well as driver availability. We have less impact on our dedicated routes. And so, it's less of a hit when we look at the big chunk of our businesses like paint, where we have more steady routes, and certainly with some bigger customers in Plumbing, where we have more steady routes. In Cabinets, where it's milk runs, it's less than truckload. It's oftentimes job site delivery. That tends to receive a little bit more pressure. So, it's broad-based Cabinet logistics pressures, not tied to Menards. The Menards program's going well.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks, Keith. And yes, you're right, I may have misunderstood that, but that's helpful color. The second question, going back to the tariffs discussion and again back to Plumbing, one of the options highlighted was working with manufacturer partners to shift production to other low cost countries. I was just  could you provide a little more detail on kind of where that is on your list of priorities, and if that's the strategy going forward, how long does it take to effectively make that switch?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: It's probably down in number three priority as I sit here today, just roughly speaking. Our focus is on price and is on working with our suppliers in terms of negotiation and coming up with more competitive pricing. But certainly moving the (00:46:13) supply chain is an option. I talked about in-sourcing, say, assembly into the United States. And then, specifically to your question as it relates to suppliers, many of our suppliers already have capacity set up in other  let's call it Southeast Asia, Vietnam, there's a couple other places, we have a large supply chain. And so, it's a matter of standing up capacity in those existing facilities and doing some different things there. So, that's the nature of it. I hope that color helps a little bit.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Yes, it does. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen East of Wells Fargo.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you and good morning. If you look first at the paint, just looking at the promo environment, you've got a retailer that's sort of changed strategy, et cetera. Are you seeing any change in the promo environment, whether on the DIY or on the pro level? And then, just could you give us an update on the hub stores effort?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Sure, Stephen. Good morning. In terms of paint promotions, it's been extremely consistent over the last multiple years, as we promote in conjunction with our channel partner, The Home Depot, very consistently four times a year. So, we're on the Spring Black Friday, we're Memorial Day, we're 4th of July and we're Labor Day. And that promotional cadence has not changed  I can't tell you  Keith, boy, it's got to be six to eight years...
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: We've been on that run, and it doesn't look like we're going to change at all going forward. In terms of the promotional environment on the pro side, again, that's been very consistent. There's not a lot of promotional activity for the pro either. The one thing I would point out though is we do fund a pro reward rebate. So, the higher volume that a pro painter achieves within The Home Depot, the bigger discount that they can get on their paint offering  or their paint consumption. So, that's been  but that has been extremely consistent as well over the years that we've been working on the pro paint program with The Home Depot. So, not a lot of change in the promotional environment on the paint side.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, got you. And then, sort of a combo question. First, could you talk a little bit about the demand that you're seeing in R&R versus new construction and what you expect moving forward? And then, John, could you give us what your investment spend was in 3Q and what you think it'll be in 4Q?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Sure.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: In terms of the demand in R&R, new construction, as I've talked about the last call and then in the prepared remarks here, it continues to be strong for us. We're seeing that in terms of ticket, we're seeing that in terms of demand across the continuum of price, meaning entry-level and high-end, continue to see good traffic. So, feel real good about it. I think we saw a little bit of softening on the new construction side. That's 15% of our business. As we look forward to next year, we're thinking that  and we're not the only ones that are thinking this, whether it's John Burns or Harvard Center for Joint Studies, we're thinking that continued strong, call it, mid single-digit R&R growth is in the cards for us in 2019. And with our brands and our innovation pipeline and our channel work, I think we're positioned to take advantage of it.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: And then, Stephen, on your investment spend question and hopefully  I'm not certain I've got the right question, but let me answer this, and if it's not, let me know. So, on the investment side, we had about $5 million in ERP spend at Delta in the third quarter and a little bit of investment in the hub stores, as we've increased the number of folks that are employed by us that participate in that. Going into Q4, obviously, we talked a little bit about  earlier about the decline in investment spend, because we had $8 million in the Plumbing segment. We'll probably have a little bit of  a very minor amount of ERP spend at Delta in Q4 and a little bit of continued hub store investment in Q4 as well, because we started hiring people in the first part of this year. So, that will just be the anniversarying of that. So, it'll be up slightly year-over-year, but that's about it. Is that the question you were asking?
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That is, yeah. That's what I was looking for, what you had going forward. So, thanks.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Okay. Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Speer of Zelman Associates.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman & Associates: Hi, good morning. On the cost side, with cost continuing to move higher, you have tariffs-inspired inflation coming, sizable amount of inflation you have to deal with, just particularly thinking about the Plumbing business, thinking about the margin integrity of your overall business, but particularly your Plumbing Products business. If we look back to 2014, we saw commodities collapse after that and really it's not probably coincidental that your margins really moved up post that event. Now the market seems to be concerned that we're going to retrace back to those levels at least. Maybe help us understand your view on the margin integrity and view of your  your world view and how you're responding to tariffs and cost inflation and mix down effect.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah. As I said earlier, Justin, I think it remains to be seen of how the consumer is going to react to this inflation, call it, a tax on the consumer, if you will. In terms of our margin, in the short-term here, we're lapping some significant growth investment that we had in Q4. So, we're expecting our Plumbing margins to be down slightly from where they were last year. We really haven't changed our outlook on that much. Certainly, innovation and new parts  or new products come into our pipeline. That helps us continue to drive margin integrity. But long-term for this business, we feel good about our margins, and more specifically for 2019, we'll give more detailed outlook at our next call as we normally do.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman & Associates: You indicated that what you're about to deal with, the incremental inflation, I'm guessing that's a net effect of tariffs and raw materials maybe rolling over on brass costs and things like that. But the net impact of what you're about to see across your businesses will be less than what you've already had to digest in 2018. Can you maybe help us understand what you've digested in 2018 and what you're thinking about 2019 as you snap the line today?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah. If you think about the tariffs at somewhere around, what would that be, 2.7% of our cost of goods sold, and you think about in that range of 3% of inflation that we've had to deal with, then you look at some of the favorable tailwinds that we could potentially experience when we look at Plumbing and some of the  potentially the easing of the copper and zinc cost, and then you look at still continued pressure in resins in particular  TiO2 appears to have kind of stabilized a little bit. So, when you look at those net-net, it's right around that 3% range.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman & Associates: So, we shouldn't be surprised to see at least stable to maybe even improved operating margins next year based on what you're saying and what you have kind of expressed in terms of pricing and things, but the big question is mix. And I guess from my standpoint, A, is that right? And B, on the mix side, what  if you looked at good, better, best, can you define or think through, particularly in Plumbing, how mix, on the low versus high-end, how much differential margin there is? I don't know if you can say that publicly but help us understand (00:54:08).
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah. We haven't really walked through with specificity the margin and the different points of the assortment as it relates to price. But generally speaking, we do tend to earn lower margin on the lower priced goods. That's still good business. It's a good return on our invested capital in those businesses, but it does tend to be a little bit lower margin, as you know. In terms of 2019, we think it's potentially shaping up okay. We've got some relief in some commodities. We're certainly focused on getting price here and the tariffs. But in terms of the detail of how we're going to look at 2019, we'll talk more about that in the next call.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman & Associates: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes of SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks. Back to the tariffs, how much of the dollars that you've outlined in the slides, give us a feel how much of that is finished goods that you're importing or how much is it components?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: We don't have that level of detail broke down, Keith.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Well, let me ask it another way. In terms of the ways to mitigate this, whether it's pricing, changing your supply chain to another foreign source, changing it domestically, is either one of those easier to deal with that versus the other? And again, source components versus finished goods.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Well, I think it's something that, as I talked about, we're not taking lightly by any means and we're organized to execute it. And there's different challenges there. There's always challenge with price for the obvious reasons. And we need to be very careful when we move our supplies around. We're doing it in a way where we're trying to leverage our existing suppliers as much as possible, and we're also doing negotiations with those suppliers. So, I don't know that any one is particularly easier per se. It's just different. And as I mentioned, we've got experience in this. Certainly, we know how to get price and that's something that we've been able to keep in terms of price commodity flush over the long-haul through the cycles. We've demonstrated where we've had these episodes of very quick change in our cost structure, i.e., going to no-lead brass, that we've been able to do that. And it was the same thing, it involved changing suppliers, changing materials, getting price, the combination of these things. So, it's a mixed bag and different in terms of difficulty.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Just final question on this, I assume, as you start this process, you're assuming that 25% is going to come January 1. Is that the stance you've taken to begin... (00:56:59)?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Correct, correct. That's our assumption and that's what our plans are based on.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. How are you guys prioritizing capital deployment going forward, just given your outlook on R&R still remains pretty favorable, as it relates to M&A and buybacks, given where the valuation of your stock is at this point?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah. Phil, as always, the biggest priority for us is investing back in the business. So, CapEx and investing in the growth of the business is paramount for us, and so that's number one on our priority list. After that, you're right, it comes down to M&A and share repurchases. And as we signaled on our prepared remarks, we're thinking about $300 million of share repurchases in the fourth quarter of this year. So, that has inched up the capital deployment priority list a little bit here and just given the pullback in the share price. That said, I would tell you we continue to be very active on the M&A side. Our team is out there looking at transactions on a very regular basis, and so we're continuing to devote time and energy to that as well. So, it's kind of a balance, and at this point in the fourth quarter, share repo is going to be a little bit higher than M&A, but we're not  we're not downgrading M&A in terms of a priority by any means.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got it. That's helpful. One of your competitors called out increased promotional activity in Cabinets. Just curious what have you seen in the marketplace? And any color on how to think about your ability to get pricing, given some of these logistic, transportation costs you called out? Is that an opportunity early next year? Thanks.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah. So, Phil, we have not seen a lot of increase in promotional activity in Cabinetry. It's been pretty consistent for the last several quarters now. And are we able to get price based off of the logistics? Yes, absolutely, we're working on that here in the fourth quarter to put price into the marketplace to offset that inflation. So, we feel confident that we can do so.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel of B. Riley FBR.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Thank you. And I apologize for coming back to the tariffs. But we've been talking a lot about sort of the cost risk and pricing and moving manufacturing around. Could you touch upon the opportunity that you see of gaining market share out there from competitors that are in a much deeper hole as it relates to tariffs than you are across all your products?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Sure. It varies by segment. But if you take Cabinets, for example, Chinese  direct Chinese import, which is 100% import, has been building strength competitively. So, I think that is helpful to us. When you look at, let's call it private label or house brands, which are 100% imported on the Plumbing side, we can have some advantage there as we can have the opportunity to utilize North American manufacturing. So, I think when you look at those two opportunities there, that's probably the ones I'd call out.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Very helpful. Thank you.
David Chaika - Masco Corp.: I'd like to thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning and for your continued interest in Masco. As always, please feel free to contact me at 313-792-5500 if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Chaika - Masco Corp. Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp. John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.
Analysts: Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC John Lovallo - Bank of America Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Masco Corporation Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. My name is Angela and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Angela, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2018 second quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analysts' questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risk and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial measures. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to slide 4. We continued our sales momentum in the second quarter. Our top line increased 10% excluding the impact of currency, driven by strong growth in the Plumbing, Decorative Architectural, and Cabinetry segments. Our sales grew 6% excluding the impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures. Our teams executed well against our plans as we continued to make strategic investments into the business, integrate our Kichler acquisition and implement price across all segments resulting in an operating profit increase of $8 million in the quarter and a 16.5% operating margin. Our EPS increased 21% to $0.75 per share. Before I address our individual segments' performance, let me address the topic of inflation and potential impact of the latest rounds of tariffs, as I know this is top of mind for many of you. As anticipated, we experienced commodity and other inflation across our segments in the second quarter and we continue to work to mitigate the effect of this inflation with disciplined cost control and pricing actions. We implemented price increases across all four segments in the first half of 2018. We believe these pricing actions will offset the commodity and other inflation that we have seen, and we expect our price/cost relationship to be approximately neutral in the second half 2018. If we need to take further pricing actions, we will. As we discussed last quarter, we have not been materially impacted by the steel and aluminum tariffs that have been enacted. While many of the products and components that we source from China would be impacted by this latest round of proposed tariffs, we are confident in our ability to mitigate this potential cost increase, if enacted, with our flexible supply chain and price as needed. Additionally, we feel we are on equal or better footing compared to our competition across our product categories considering our significant domestic manufacturing capabilities in Plumbing and Cabinetry. Now, moving back to this quarter's performance, let me give you some additional insight into the drivers behind each of our segment's performance beginning with Plumbing. Our Plumbing segment continued its consistent top line performance by growing 9% or 6% in local currency. Watkins, Hansgrohe and Delta drove this growth by capitalizing on strong demand across channels and geographies. North American Plumbing grew 6% in local currency. Watkins achieved a record sales quarter due to new product introductions in its dealer channel and strong growth in its retail channel. Delta had another successful quarter with continued momentum in the showroom, retail and e-commerce channels. I'm very pleased that this performance was achieved while also launching a new ERP system at Delta, our largest North American plumbing operation. The ERP launch on May 1 went well, and I'd like to commend and thank the Delta team for their tremendous efforts to make this system launch a success. International Plumbing grew 5% in local currency, driven by Hansgrohe's strong growth in its home market of Germany and continued strength in China. In our Decorative Architectural segment, sales grew 22%. Excluding our acquisition of Kichler Lighting, sales grew 6% with mid-single-digit growth in both DIY and pro. In our coatings business, we continued to execute our plan together with our channel partner, The Home Depot, to drive pro paint sales growth by expanding our pro hub store concept and sales force. The integration of Kichler Lighting is progressing on plan in its first 100-plus days. As a reminder, Kichler is a leading developer of decorative residential and light commercial lighting products, ceiling fans and LED lighting systems across both consumer and professional distribution channels into $6 billion residential lighting market. Decorative lighting has a similar customer base as many of our building products where the purchase decision is based on design, breadth of product offering, quality and reliability of service. We fully expect to leverage our operational capabilities and coordinate our design experience and expertise as we integrate Kichler into Masco to further strengthen our position and profitably grow with our many shared customers. Moving on to Cabinetry, our Cabinetry segment delivered 13% growth excluding the divestiture of Moores. We drove growth in our repair and remodel business across all channels, led by the ramp up of our Menards business as well as strong growth in our dealer channel. The rollout and initial months of the Menards program have gone extremely well, and we are on plan to achieve an $80 million annual sales run rate during the fourth quarter. Turning to Windows, excluding the effect of the Arrow divestiture and foreign currency, sales matched last year. We experienced increased costs and inefficiencies in the segment primarily due to the rightsizing of our UK workforce and an adjustment to our warranty reserve largely due to cost inflation. A portion of these costs will likely continue into the third quarter. Moving to capital allocation, we continued our share repurchase activity in the quarter by repurchasing 3 million shares for $115 million, bringing our year-to-date share repurchase total to $265 million. Based on the strength of our forecasted cash flows and our strong liquidity position, we intend to deploy approximately $200 million toward share repurchases or acquisitions in the second half of 2018. Our Board of Directors also announced its intention to increase our annual dividend by $0.06 per share or 14% beginning in the fourth quarter, reflecting their confidence in our long-term prospects. This is the fifth consecutive year we have increased our dividend. In addition, we further strengthened our balance sheet in the quarter by retiring $114 million in debt that came due in April. Lastly, we're updating our anticipating earnings per share for 2018 to be in the range of $2.48 to $2.55. This adjustment is largely due to the increased cost in our Windows segment that I just discussed. Demand across our product segments and geographies remains robust. I'm very pleased with our performance in the first half of the year and believe we are well positioned to capitalize on this robust demand to drive strong growth and margin expansion in the second half of 2018. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to John who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail. John?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance excluding the impact of rationalization charges, inventory step-up related to purchase accounting for the Kichler acquisition and other one-time items. Also, as a reminder, any reference to prior period comparisons have been adjusted to reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition and pension accounting standards. Please refer to page 19 in the earnings call presentation for the details we provided last quarter. Turning to slide 6, we delivered solid double-digit top line and earnings per share growth in the second quarter. On a reported basis, sales increased 11%, or 10% in local currency. Excluding divestitures and acquisitions, sales increased 7%, or 6% in local currency. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted our second quarter revenue by approximately $29 million. In local currency, North American sales increased 12% in the quarter, or 6% excluding acquisitions and divestitures. We continue to experience strong consumer demand for our industry-leading repair and remodeling products across all channels of distribution and across all price points. As a reminder, repair/remodel activity represents approximately 84% of our total sales. In local currency, international sales matched the second quarter of 2017. Excluding the divestiture of Moores, international sales increased 4%, driven once again by Hansgrohe. Gross margins were 33.6%. As we look ahead to the second half of the year, we expect solid gross margin expansion year-over-year as the price/cost relationship improves and the strategic investments diminish. Our SG&A as a percent of sales improved 100 basis points to 17.1% as we continue to leverage our SG&A while making strategic investments to drive profitable growth. We generated operating profit of $380 million and operating margins of 16.5%. As we discussed on last quarter's call, operating margins were impacted in the second quarter due to strategic growth investments, ERP costs, and a lag in price/cost. We also experienced incremental cost in our Windows segment. These items aggregated approximately $30 million in the quarter. Our EPS was $0.75, an improvement of 21% compared to the second quarter of 2017. And as Keith mentioned, we are narrowing our annual EPS estimate range to $2.48 to $2.55 per share. This lowers the midpoint of our EPS range by $0.04. The principal item that affects this change is the incremental cost in our Windows segment that Keith described. Turning to slide 7, our Plumbing segment experienced another quarter of strong demand and solid growth as sales increased 9%. Excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, sales increased 5%. This solid performance was driven by growth in our faucet, shower, and spa businesses. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted this segment's sales by approximately $25 million in the quarter. Our North American sales grew 6% in local currency as we experienced strong consumer-driven demand for our industry-leading brands across all channels with growth in wholesale, retail, dealer, and e-commerce customers. As a reminder, the segment experienced approximately $10 million of sales that were pulled forward into Q1 from Q2 due to the implementation of Delta's ERP system. Additionally, our spa business continued to outperform the competition, as Watkins Wellness leveraged its strong dealer network, innovative new products, and industry-leading brands to drive growth. Our international plumbing sales increased 5% in local currency as Hansgrohe's focus on key markets continued to yield results with strong growth in both Germany and China. Turning to segment profitability, operating margins were impacted by a lag in price/cost and strategic growth investments, which include displays. These items aggregate approximately $15 million. Mix also impacted margins largely due to our lower price point Peerless faucet win at retail. As we consider the second half of the year, despite the anticipated $5 million of ERP spend at Delta in the third quarter, we are confident that we will experience margin expansion as our pricing and cost containment actions are realized and our strategic growth investments begin to favorably comp year-over-year. As a reminder, we had $18 million of display and other spending in the second half of 2017. For the full year, we expect operating margins for this segment to be down slightly compared to 2017. Turning to slide 8, the Decorative Architectural Products segment grew 22%. Excluding the acquisition of Kichler, sales grew 6%. This performance was driven by Behr's pro and DIY businesses each growing mid-single digits. Liberty Hardware also contributed to the top line as it continues to achieve strong growth in both its retail and e-commerce channels. Operating income in the second quarter increased 11%, driven by the Kichler acquisition and increased volume, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense from the Kichler acquisition and an unfavorable price/cost relationship. As we look to the second half of 2018, we anticipate continued cost pressure on raw materials for paint and we will work to mitigate this inflation as needed. But for the full year, we expect margins in this segment will be in the upper end of our 16.5% to 18.5% range. Turning to slide 9, in the Cabinetry segment, sales increased 13% in the quarter excluding the impact of the Moores divestiture. This outstanding performance was driven by our industry-leading brands as we experienced double-digit growth in our repair and remodel business and low-single-digit growth in our new home construction business through increased volume and favorable price. The Cardell program at Menards continues to roll out on schedule and we are very pleased with this program's initial performance. Segment profitability increased in the quarter by $2 million, principally due to increased volume and favorable price/cost, partially offset by mix and ramp-up costs related to the Menards win. For the full year, we expect 5% to 7% sales growth excluding the divestiture of Moores with operating margins at approximately 2017 levels. Turning to slide 10, excluding the divestiture of Arrow Fastener, our Windows segment sales grew 2% and matched prior year in local currency. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted this segment's sales by approximately $2 million. This performance was driven by single-digit growth at Milgard due to increased volume, favorable pricing, and a positive mix shift toward our premium window and door products. This was offset by a market softness in the UK. As a reminder, this segment faces a tough comp in the third quarter as segment sales grew 9% in the third quarter of 2017. Segment profitability in the quarter decreased $10 million, driven by actions we took in the UK to further right-size our workforce and inefficiencies in an increased warranty reserve at Milgard. We anticipate approximately $5 million of incremental costs in the third quarter as we address the inefficiencies and launch new products. For the full year, we expect this segment sales growth to be 3% to 5% excluding currency and divestitures, with operating margins down approximately 100 basis points compared to 2017. And turning to slide 11, we ended the quarter with approximately $400 million of balance sheet liquidity as well as full availability on our $750 million revolving credit facility. Working capital as a percent of sales increased 190 basis points versus prior year to 17.1%, largely due to the impact of the Kichler acquisition. For the full year, we expect working capital as a percent of sales to be approximately 15%. We also took further action to strengthen our balance sheet by retiring $114 million of debt in April. During the second quarter, we continued our focus on shareholder value creation by repurchasing 3 million shares valued at approximately $115 million, bringing our year-to-date total to $265 million. With our strong free cash flow, we expect to deploy approximately $200 million in the second half of 2018 in either acquisitions or share buybacks on top of the more than $800 million deployed year-to-date. In addition, expressing confidence in our future, our board announced its intention to raise our annual dividend to $0.48 per share, a 14% increase starting with our Q4 2018 dividend. Lastly, the outlook for the business remains strong. We're seeing solid growth in North America, Europe, and China and we remain confident in our ability to generate more than $800 million in free cash flow in 2018. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you, John. I'm pleased with our performance in the first half of 2018. We moved quickly to address the shifting market environment with effective pricing and cost actions. Our Plumbing and Decorative segments continued to drive growth with new products and programs and channel expansions. Our focused efforts in our Cabinetry business has led to strong growth and margin performance, and we have successfully executed on growth investments and a significant ERP launch at Delta. Furthermore, the long-term fundamentals of our industry remain strong. Demographics should drive household formation and housing for years to come as the large millennial generation has begun to start forming households. Home price appreciation, which has a strong correlation with repair and remodel spending, remains strong at nearly 7% year-over-year. Existing home turnover remains at a healthy overall level of 5.3 million units. Age of housing stock continues to increase as 65% of the U.S. housing stock is now over 30 years old and older homes have more repair and remodel spending per home than newer homes. And importantly, consumer confidence remains at a 15-year high, as consumers benefit from a healthy economy. With the actions we have taken and the investments we have made, we are well positioned to capitalize on the favorable industry fundamentals to drive strong growth and margin expansion in the second half of 2018, as we expect to generate over $800 million in free cash flow for the year. We will continue to deploy that cash flow with a disciplined and balanced approach to acquisitions with the right fit and return, share repurchases and dividends to create value for our shareholders. With that, I'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question is from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI: Thanks very much, guys. Appreciate the time here. I guess if we could just start with your Plumbing business, I think you broke out $15 million in price/cost and also I think ERP within there, perhaps I just want to make sure that we got the components clearly. And in terms of what we could expect in 3Q and 4Q, if you're specifically looking for margins to be up year-over-year in both of those quarters in addition to just the back half.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Hey, Stephen. Good morning. It's John. In terms of the components that I called out, yeah, indeed $15 million as the total breaks out  we did call the ERP spend of about $5 million on our last quarter call, so the balance is roughly our price/cost lag. In terms of what you can expect for Q3 and Q4, if you recall, we have a fair amount of display investment in the third and fourth quarter of last year. So the second half of last year, we had at aggregate about $18 million in total in this segment. So, yes, to your second question, I would say that we would anticipate margin expansion in both the third quarter and fourth quarter in that segment.
Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI: That's good. Great. And then the second question I had was related to your comment about the M&A  acquisition and/or repurchases. Was curious if you could describe what the pipeline is looking like and if there are certain end markets that look particularly promising to you. Could you give us any kind of color as to geographically or in terms of verticals, which areas you're most focused on now given the pipeline?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Stephen, our pipeline is healthy and it's diverse. We have opportunities that we're looking at that range from smallish in size and bolt-on, if you will, to existing segments, and we have some larger ones both that would function within the segment as well as looking at some new segments. So we have a broad approach in terms of size. We're also looking both domestically and internationally, and we have the capital in the balance sheet to do these acquisitions, but I'd like to reiterate that we're going to be patient and make sure that we find acquisitions that have the right fit and return that fit with both our strategy and our culture and obviously we're focused on creating shareholder value for the long term. So we're going to remain disciplined and balanced in our approach, and we are going to continue to value our acquisitions with a particular eye on return on invested capital where we can generate appropriate return for the shareholders.
Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI: Would it be fair to say that when you're talking about both bolt-ons as well as maybe ones that are a little bit larger that you'd be willing to go above that $200 million if the right opportunity came along or would you say that that $200 million we should think of as kind of a ceiling?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: No, I wouldn't think of it as a ceiling given the right opportunity. And again, based on our eye and our patience, it would have to be the right opportunity. But we have, as you know, the quality of a balance sheet to be able to go out over that $200 million level if the right opportunity came.
Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI: Got it. Thanks very much, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is from Susan Maklari with Credit Suisse.
Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning. I just wanted to talk a little bit about the paint segment. You mentioned some unfavorable price/cost that's continuing to be a lag in that part of the business. Can you just kind of give us some sense of how those factors are coming together, your ability to get price there, and maybe within that, some of the expenditures related to the expansion of the hub stores?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah, good morning, Susan. In terms of the input cost of paint, yes (26:50). As I think our other public peers have disclosed, there are continuing headwinds in terms of price/cost affecting both TiO2 and some of the engineered resins that go into paint. And so, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're actively working to mitigate this through both pricing as well as working with our suppliers and working internally on our own efficiencies to try to mitigate those as best we can. In terms of our ongoing investment in expanding our pro business, we're absolutely making further investment as we indicated earlier this year. That said, at this point, we're not disclosing the amount as our channel partner and we have decided to just to say a little less about our investment in that area at this point.
Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then certainly in terms of cabinets, you had some really nice performance on the top line and the margin in there. It seems like you're getting some momentum with that dealer investments and some of the other things that you've been doing. I guess can you just give us a little more color on that?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Sure, Susan. This started, call it, 12 months to 18 months ago when we really went to work to reconfigure our supply chain and our factories to address the dynamic in the market. So we took our Quality factories, for example, and focused them  Quality, meaning the Quality brand, and focused them on the assembly of incoming purchase materials for the opening price points. So we have a factory that's reduced its complexity and focused on the lower price point part of the market. We then took the Quality brand and the Merillat brand, and we common-ized the architecture. So again, driving simplification and cost reduction to go after, call it, that middle point of the market, and then we have the very efficient and effective KraftMaid brand and supply chain that focuses more on that middle to higher semi-custom. So, a combination of reconfiguring our supply chain so that we have the right level of complexity and cost across the different bandwidths of the market, and then continuing to drive good sales force execution. And I think when you look across  while it's taken some time for us to execute this, when you look at the Menards win that we were able to land, that was really an amplification of our strategy and shows that how we were able to be competitive with regards to low cost opening price point, if you will, stock cabinetry, value semi-custom and semi-custom, so it's starting to pay off and we are going to continue to drive this segment, and obviously with nice dropdowns on the incremental growth, we're upbeat about its potential.
Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning, everyone.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Good morning.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: The first question I had was on actually a couple of the segments that Susan asked, maybe just in a different light, First, on paint, with DIY and pro both up mid-single digit, I was more interested in pro for the moment. DIY obviously very solid mid-single-digit growth, but pro, I've been thinking about that more as a little bit of a growth category and you kind of consistently pointed to a low-double-digit or a 10% or better type of growth rate. So with the mid-single-digit growth this quarter, I was just curious if you kind of view that as the beginning of an inflection point where perhaps, given the size that it's achieved over the last few years, we should be thinking more about a mid-single-digit type contribution rather than low-double digit or is this more of a one quarter type of pause because we've also kind of thought about this as still a good area of expansion potential over the next two or three years.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: We're committed to this to driving double-digit growth for the next couple of years in this pro segment, keeping in mind, of course, that it is over $400 million, so it's a sizeable chunk to drive in terms of double-digit growth, but we've seen that our investments in this pro hub concept and expanding our pro sales force works. We're pleased with the growth. I am sure there's going to be some quarters that are more accelerated than others, but we remain committed to the double-digit growth and we're happy with our DIY growth as well. Together with The Home Depot, I think we're doing an outstanding job of converting shoppers to buyers in the aisle. We're generating good traffic with our brand and our advertising scheme, and of course the quality in the can speaks for itself. So, overall, when we look across coatings both against ourselves and the competition, we think we're doing pretty good.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's great. Understandable. Secondly, on the cabinets segment, great growth there and an impressive turnaround, continues to be a great turnaround story over the last couple of years. I was curious in terms of the Menards rollout if that was a contributor to the obviously very strong top line growth this quarter. I know you said that you continued to expect 4Q to recognize that $80 million annualized run rate, but I don't know if there's any  I mean cabinets is more of an inventory business, not sell-in. I don't know if there is any sell-in in advance of that, but if the Menards rollout contributed to the top line. But even outside of that, if you could just talk about the dealer channel with this double-digit growth there or repair/remodel and what are the key drivers that allowed the strong results.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah, of course, the Menards win, it was a big win for us and, as I mentioned, being able to showcase the work that we've done over the past year, year and a half in terms of cost competitiveness, assortment expansion, and good sales work, so that is definitely a contributor. But as you mentioned, we had strong growth in our dealer channel as well, and then when you look across demand drivers, we had strong growth in both repair and remodeling and new construction. So it's beginning to come together and it's, as you might imagine, no one action that we took. We've built this and executed this turnaround over a series of actions that included obviously cost-outs. We've driven significant assortment enhancements in terms of launches at both KraftMaid and Merillat, and then the reconfiguring of the supply chain that we did, call it, 18 months ago with regards to focused cost reduction around the various price points along the continuum. So all those things have come together and we're excited about the potential in the business.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Any further granularity in terms of maybe over the next couple of quarters, should we be expecting at least like a core mid-single-digit growth and obviously Menards could potentially add to that?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: We're looking for the full year in that 5% to 7% growth range.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. So, Keith, appreciate the commentary about the input costs and the tariffs at the beginning. Looking at the guidance reduction, the kind of $0.04 at the midpoint, I imagine a lot of puts and takes going into that that you highlighted or you called out the incremental Decorative Architectural, can you talk about just some of the other puts and takes as well relative to where your expectations were previously? It sounds like in Decorative Architectural the price/cost trends are going a little better than expected perhaps with the high end of your margin guidance range there. In Plumbing, it sounds like perhaps the opposite. So maybe some of the other kind of major puts and takes that went into kind of reconsidering the guidance for this quarter.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah, Nishu, when we compare what we thought about at the beginning of the year versus what we're seeing unfold here, there's two primary drivers. One is foreign exchange and two is the Windows headwinds that we experienced. In terms of the Windows headwinds, that impact was about $10 million in Q2 and that was a combination of a significant reduction in workforce that we did in our business in the UK and some warranty expense that we accrued in our Milgard business here in the United States, and we think there will be about $5 million of impact in those areas in Q3. So when you aggregate that, that comes to about $0.04. And then in terms of FX, we're experiencing about $70 million in revenue less favorability than we originally thought we would, and that affects operating profit. So, that accrues to about $0.03. So there's $0.07 right there, but that's the principal difference in terms of what we thought at the beginning of the year and the way we're seeing the year unfold.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then on price/cost, does that tell us that price/cost has gone as expected as you kind of anticipated it earlier this year?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah, I'd say it's about as expected. And we always said from the very beginning that it would be a back half kind of a story for this year on price/cost, and that's how it's playing out, Nishu. So I think both Keith and I mentioned in our prepared remarks we expect to be price/cost neutral in the second half of the year.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then on Decorative Architectural, the mid-single-digits growth in DIY kind of tells us that you're still seeing a positive volume growth there. It would seem to be better than the category growth, so obviously a good performance there. You've had that trend in place now for some time. What are the underlying drivers of that? How long can you continue to outperform the DIY category kind of looking ahead?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Well, we're certainly expecting that mid-single-digit growth through the year and we're very pleased with the traction we're getting. And it is certainly a partnership with The Home Depot, as I mentioned, to convert traffic in the store to customers. In terms of what's driving that, we have, let's call it, 2,000 points of distribution that's just outstanding and very well managed with The Home Depot. We've got great levels of service. We have a truck going to a distribution center for Home Depot every week and this is the concept of focus in 80/20 on steroids here where we are completely focused on The Home Depot and their customers. So, that efficiency and that level of focus, be it in service levels, in the quality and of course in the brand  leading DIY brand and that is a significant generator of foot traffic and sales. So it's a combination of service, product, quality, brand, outstanding distribution, and an understanding of what the consumer wants and how to make that conversion and taking care of them. So it's definitely a partnership with The Home Depot and Behr, and we expect continued growth.
Operator: As a reminder, please limit yourself to asking one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. Your next question is from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Good morning.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Morning. First question on Decorative, just breaking down the margin performance both in the quarter and then thinking about the guide and some of those comments around price/cost, it actually  it looks to me as if ex Kichler, the legacy business was probably roughly flat in the quarter and just given the guide toward the upper end of that 16.5% to 18.5% range would suggest that potentially flat to even up for the full year on the legacy business. Am I thinking about that the right way or is there something in the Kichler margins that has gone better than expected? Just a little more color on just the difference between those two margin components there would be great.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah, Mike, I think you had some good insights there. One, Kichler's annual margins as we disclosed when we bought the company are in that (40:19) a low-double-digit range and lower obviously than we have been experiencing  the high teens we've been experiencing in that segment. That said, I would say that Kichler is probably doing a little bit better from a margin perspective than we originally had anticipated, but not materially different. So, that helps the margin in the segment just a touch. And with the inflation that we've experienced in paint raw materials and some of the actions we've taken, don't forget that the way that it works for us particularly with paint is we recover price with paint. We recover the commodity cost inflation on that paint. So actually, what that does is tends to contract margins a little bit. So, that has a piece of it. So we do expect kind of modest margin contraction for the full year.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. My second question just around Plumbing, you're in the midst of the ERP. Could you just give us an update? It seems like guidance items didn't really change as far as the cost, top line looked decent. So it doesn't seem to be that disruptive. But just give us an update on kind of the ERP conversion there and whether there have been any puts and takes around that.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah, Mike, I would characterize it as being a little bit further along than as you said in the midst of it. We went live in May. We have obviously been through a couple of closes. We have manufacturing turned on. This was a significant order-to-cash type of system launch. So it was a very significant system that we implemented that involved hundreds of people of that organization and a multitude of change management initiatives and training, et cetera, as we not only implemented the ERP system, but it was a new ERP system. It wasn't a new version of an existing system. So it was a significant endeavor and I think, Mike, you're pointing to a good point, that while it was costly and it was a significant investment, it was very well executed and we're happy with that. We certainly have some efficiencies that we need to continue to drive and we have some business intelligence tools we have yet to turn on. But when you look at the magnitude of this and the success of it, it's been a real big plus. And we also had an upgrade  a significant upgrade to our SAP system at Hansgrohe that we executed in the quarter as well and that went very well. So this is something we put a focus on and doing a better job at, and I am pleased with our performance, particularly at Delta.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Your next question is from John Lovallo with Bank of America.
John Lovallo - Bank of America: Hey, guys. Thank you for getting me in here. First question is, I just want to make sure I understand this, the comment about being  price being flush with raw mats in the second half. Is that the case in the third quarter as well or is there just more catch-up in the fourth quarter that's kind of leveling it off for the second half?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: John, it's roughly similar quarter to quarter. So not a lot of difference between Q3 and Q4.
John Lovallo - Bank of America: Okay, that's helpful. And then I think last quarter you had mentioned that freight and logistics cost had not really increased that much given your use of standard distribution runs. Did you see any uptick in that in the second quarter?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah, John, we actually have seen a little bit of an uptick in that particularly for more customized products like our Windows products as well as our Cabinetry products where we don't have as standard of runs, let's say, as we may have with Behr paints or with Delta faucets going to some of our common customers. So, yeah, indeed, we have seen a little bit of inflation, but we think we're in a position to work to offset some of that either through price or some of our own internal efficiencies.
John Lovallo - Bank of America: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Curious to get your thoughts on the commercial integration of Kichler and how that's ramping up as you leverage some of your distribution.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: It's going very well. We're on plan. It's been over 100 days. We have executed integration along a number of fronts in terms of treasury, risk management, legal. We are working with the team at Kichler to implement the Masco Operating System. We're going in and grabbing efficiencies as quickly as we can, particularly in areas of logistics and freight consolidation in China with our existing China infrastructure and we've got work to do yet. We have common customers that we think are going to be able to be leveraged to add further value. So, in summary, I'd say that we're on plan for sure. We're on plan with our investment thesis. The cultures are meshing very well. We're getting early wins and we are planning for more longer term wins.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got it, and then Keith, you kind of touched upon it in your prepared remarks on the tariffs  potential tariffs I guess in China. Curious what type of impact you kind of envision in your supply chain and how you're going to manage it respectively, and particularly interested on the Kichler side of things since it's a newer business and you do buy a lot of components from Asia. Thanks.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: I'll state the obvious, but there's a lot of moving parts here and it remains to be seen where it all shakes out, if at all, and to what degree and how it's enacted and the timing and everything else, but it varies as you might expect across our segments. So, in paint, which is a large segment for us, that would have really no impact. Windows has a little bit of impact with some imported hardware, have some impact in Cabinetry with regards to imported plywood and then Plumbing and our decorative hardware and lighting would have the largest impact. In terms of how we handle that, we look at a couple things. Number one, what can we do effectively and quickly with regards to the supply chain to mitigate some of these costs. And then number two, we look at our competitive position. And by and large, we believe that we are on equal or better footing when you look at our competition across our product categories considering what we do in terms of domestic manufacturing in Plumbing and Cabinetry, and then in lighting, really that is a industry-wide value chain as it relates to procuring from China. So in that regard, price is obviously something when you look at our channel service and the strength of our brands, that we would initiate it if needed. But I would reiterate there's a lot of moving parts and we're going to watch and see where this all shakes out. But we feel comfortable in both our competitive position and our ability to stay whole as it relates to cost-outs and price.
Operator: Your next question is from Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Questions  or a quick question back in Plumbing, specifically U.S. Plumbing. You had kind of called out generally it sounds like all the channels were good in this period. Just diving the details a little bit more, I know in the past, wholesale has been a big win for you, I think the sector as a whole. Did that trend kind of continue in the second quarter with that being the leader of growth?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yes, it did. Very strong in wholesale and it's been strong for quite a while.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah...
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Why has that been so  go ahead.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: I'd say  just reminding you that even though we posted pretty good numbers, that was impacted by the ERP, so that $10 million that was pulled out of Q2 into Q1, don't forget that as well.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And does that affect the wholesale numbers or is that a retail? Where does that kind of fall?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: I think that was fairly broad based across all of our customers.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, and final question on this. Why has wholesale been so good over these periods you discussed, Keith?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: I think a lot of it speaks to the work we did on the assortment. So we went in and worked on the opening price point with some targeted launches. We've done a significant amount of work in the showroom aspect of wholesale. So we've had some nice work that we've done on what we call the back end or the counter business and we have also done more on the assisted sale on the front end, and then a lot of our work goes to influencer outreach and marketing programs where you may recall we spent a year or so back some significant capital to build an extension and create a customer experience center, where by design, we bring in our showroom customers to show them the Brizo and the Delta and the product offerings that we have and to work on that customer outreach, and that really creates advocacy. And then you overlay that with our investment that we've made in displays across the showroom continuum where we have not only juiced up the displays in terms of LED lighting and showcasing the product more effectively, we also gained three incremental feet. So it's a combination of all those things around that area of what I would call commercial excellence that is driving the good growth for us.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen East with Wells Fargo.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you and good morning, guys. Congratulations in a pretty tough environment that we're seeing. Keith, in early May, you talked about being flush with price/cost by the end of the second quarter and you all still feel that way. Could you talk about a few things? One, could you  the assumptions that you have for your various major raw materials as you look through the back half of the year, and it sounds like in paint, you might not be flush in the second half, offset it with being better than flush in some of your other businesses. Is that the right way to think about that? And then finally, on the raw materials, sort of the lag time from when you get a cost announcement to when that actually is typically flowing through your income statement?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Probably the best way to break your question down, Stephen, is to think in terms of some of our different segments. So if you look at Plumbing, big driver there is copper and zinc. And if you look at, say, June as a point of view from June 2018 to June 2017, you've seen about a 12% increase from about $2.70 up to $3 for copper. Now, while that has dipped down a little bit more of late, that's been a significant cost driver. And then zinc, again over the last year, has gone from about $1.25 to $1.35. So, that's about a 7% increase, and again we've seen that dip a little bit in the last month, but those are still healthy increases. So, that's the driver in the Plumbing segment. When you look at our coatings business, it's really about resin and TiO2, and we've seen TiO2 go up kind of the same as copper, about 12%, if you look at it from June of 2018 to June of 2017. And then in resins, we've seen it go up to almost $0.85 a pound now. So, that's a significant increase. And what we're seeing is probably going to be a little bit more pressure in resins as we look to the back half. So, that's the primary driver in coatings. And then we use hardwood  obviously hardwood lumber and plywood, and again that's gone up coincidentally right about in that 12% range. So, pretty broad-based commodities pressure that we've experienced and that's the way we've attacked it with both cost and price, as we mentioned, getting price across all four segments.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got you. All right. And then as you look at your lag time, how long from when you get that announcement that it flows through? And then the other question I just had is your capital allocation, you've already bumped it up through 2019 to $1.7 billion. I'm wondering how far into it you are with that and any thoughts or indications whether you bump that any further?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: In terms of the lead time on the price  and John, I'll let you take the capital allocation question  it really varies by segment, and a lot of it depends on the inventory. So you could imagine, I'm sure, with a China supply chain where we may be FOB the ship at the port that we would have a longer time before we could actually get price into our P&L, and in some cases, it's more cyclical as it relates to price books and when the price books come out. And then in more direct business that's off sheet, we could get that right away. So it's a variable  it varies. It could be one to two quarters depending on the commodity and the supply chain that we're talking about. John, do you want to touch on capital?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah, sure. Stephen, in terms of capital allocation, you're right. As we outlined at our Investor Day last year, we had a pretty healthy $1.7 billion that we updated after tax reform. And I think one of the things that we've gotten more comfortable with over the course of the last couple of quarters is perhaps operating with lower levels of cash on the balance sheet. And so, could there be more capital than the $1.7 billion that we indicated in May of last year deployed through that three-year window? Yeah, I think there's a possibility that that does exist. How much more? It's tough to say. I mean we'll have to see what plays out for us both in terms of where does the share price go as well as where do acquisition candidates emerge. And so, that's something still out in the future a little bit.
Operator: And our last question comes from Justin Speer with Zelman Associates.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman Partners LLC: Good morning. Thank you, guys.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman Partners LLC: I'd like to ask a quick question on the Windows business. Just some color on the size of those pieces that you mentioned. What's one-time, what's ongoing, and particularly as you look to 2019 or maybe the intermediate term what the right margin is for this business?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: We had about a $10 million headwind in this quarter. We think it will be about $5 million next quarter as we work through some of those inefficiencies we talked about over in the UK in particular. In terms of long term, for the year, we're looking at 3% to 5% growth in the top line.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman Partners LLC: Well, I'm thinking more like on those pieces that you mentioned, you mentioned a warranty piece, then you mentioned UK workforce. I was just curious how those pieces  as we think to next year in particular, what repeats and what doesn't, and what the right  with these restructuring moves, what the right margin structure is for that piece of the business.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah, sure. Justin, so like you might expect, the UK piece is kind of one-time in nature as we work through some of the restructuring activities and that should not be recurring. In terms of the warranty piece, that's one of those things that we evaluate our warranty from time to time, and you have to make adjustments to all your judgment-based accounts whether it's warranty or whether it's accounts receivable or whether it's inventory, whatever, so from time to time into it. The principal reason that drove this quarter's adjustment was some of the inflation that we are experiencing with respect to some of the warranty costs that were coming in. Longer term, I guess to the nature, the heart of your question, in terms of where do we expect margins to be, at this point, it really doesn't change our view that long term and again long term is not next quarter or the first quarter of next year, but long term the margins for this quarter should be in that low-double digit to low-teens, that 10% to 13% range that we called out at our Investor Day in May of last year.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman Partners LLC: And then lastly for me just a follow-up question on cabinets. How much benefit from Menards in the quarter and then did you provide a back half organic growth figure for the Plumbing business in your guidance?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: No, I don't think we provided a back half. I think all we said is for a full year of 5% to 7% excluding the divestiture of Moores.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman Partners LLC: Okay. And then on the cabinets piece, just thinking about the Menards contribution in the quarter, obviously that helped, but we don't know how much. Do you have any context there for us?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: We haven't disclosed that to this point. Yeah, we don't intend to disclose it at this time.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman Partners LLC: Thank you, guys. Really appreciate it.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Chaika - VP, Treasurer and IR Keith Allman - President and CEO John Sznewajs - VP and CFO
Analysts: Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Neal BasuMullick - JPMorgan Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs Chris Counihan - Credit Suisse Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates of Stephen East - Wells Fargo John Lovallo - Bank of America Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Phillip Ng - Jefferies Ken Zener - KeyBanc
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2018 First Quarter Conference Call. My name is Regina and I will be your conference operator for todays call. As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions].  I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin your conference, sir.
David Chaika: Thank you, Regina. And good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2018 first quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Mascos Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter earnings release and the presentation slides we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analysts questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we cant take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements.  We described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and Other Disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial measures. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted. We reconciled these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. Please turn to slide 4. We had a good start to the year as our top-line grew 5% excluding the impact of currency.  Our operating margin decreased to 160 basis points in the quarter mainly due to the planned growth investments we discussed last quarter and our Plumbing and Cabinetry segments. And a lag in our price cost relationship in Plumbing and Cabinetry.  We are confident that we will leverage these strategies growth investments to achieve profitable growth and the margin expansions in the second half of the year. Additionally, we have implemented price increases across all our segments and we expect our price cost relationship to improve starting in the second quarter. While our operating profit decline our adjusted earnings per share grew 13% to $0.45 per share due to lower interest expense and the benefit of the recently enacted tax reform.  Id like to provide you with some additional insights into the drivers behind each of our segments performance, starting with Plumbing. Our Plumbing segment grew 11% or 6% in local currency. North American Plumbing grew 9% led by Delta Faucet and Watkins Wellness, our leading spa business and the acquisition of Mercury Plastics. Deltas performance was led by its high-end Delta and Brizo showroom brands in the wholesale channel, strong growth in the ecommerce channel and strong sales from its recently re-launched [indiscernible] brand in the retail channel. Watkins Wellness drove high-single-digit growth as they leveraged their expanded product offering through their existing dealer network and through new channels of distribution.  Outside of North America, our international Plumbing operation achieve 3% growth in local currency led by Hansgrohe, our leading international faucet and shower business. Hansgrohe continued to drive growth in both China and Germany with particular strength in its premium [indiscernible] product line. Decorative Architectural segment sales increased 10% due to continued growth from both Behr and Liberty as well as the Kichler Lighting acquisition, which closed in early March.  Kichler integration is going well and I am pleased to announce that Kichler recently received recognition for its product innovation receiving four [indiscernible] awards for superior innovation, design and aesthetics, highlighting Kichler fit with Masco and our focus on brand innovation and surface. Congratulations to the Kichler team on this great recognition.  Our pro paint sales experienced strong growth in the quarter and together with the Home Depot, we began another expansion of this initiative. As we discussed last quarter, we are recruiting and hiring additional pro hub store employees and outside programs demonstrating our commitment to continuing to invest in this successful program. Turning to Cabinets. Our repair and remodel sales grew mid-single-digits delivering another quarter of strong performance. We also made great progress executing on the program launch of our new Menards business by resetting over 300 stores with new displays as showcased our Cardell brand. Initial sales of this business are strong and were confident that well reach the 80 million annual sales run rate by the fourth quarter of this year. Our window segment grew 12%, excluding the impact of the divesture of Arrow led by mid-teens growth for Milgard, our leading Western North American Window business.  Milgard experience strong demand for its products across all its markets in the Western United States, as its value proposition and strong brand continued to resonate with dealers and consumers.  Our UK window business offset a portion of this growth due to softness in the UK cabinet. Additionally, the bottom-line was impacted by restructuring actions taken in the quarter.  We also continued our share repurchase activity in the quarter by buying back 3.7 million shares for $150 million through an accelerated share repurchase plan. With this recent buyback activity, we now expect to deploy at least $100 million to $150 million for share repurchases or acquisitions for the remainder of the year.  Our first quarter results were in line with our expectations and we are on track with our plan for the year. We affirm our expectation to achieve earnings in the range of $2.48 to $2.63 per share. Now, I would like to turn the call over to John who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith. And good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization, the inventory step-up for the purchasing accounting for the Kichler acquisition and other one-time items.  In addition, any reference to prior period comparisons has been adjusted to reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition and pension accounting rules. Please refer to page 19 of the earnings call presentation for the details.  Turning to slide 6, we delivered solid top-line and earnings per share growth in Q1. On a reported basis, sales increased 8% or 5% in local currency. Excluding the divestitures of Arrow Fastener and Moores, and the acquisitions of Mercury and Kichler, sales increased 7% or 5% in local currency. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted our first quarter revenue by approximately $49 million as US dollar weakened against both the euro and the British pound. In local currency, North American sales increased 7% in the quarter or 5% excluding acquisitions and divestitures. Consumer demand for our industry-leading repair and remodeling products across all the channels of distribution and across all price points drove this performance.  In local currency, international sales decreased 2% in the quarter. Excluding the divestiture of Moores, international sales increased 2% driven once again by Hansgrohe. Gross margins declined approximately 150 basis points compared to the first quarter of last year to 32.6%, principally due to the strategic growth investments we discussed on our fourth quarter call. The investments include increased display spending and depreciation in plumbing and launch costs related to the Cardell cabinet program at Menards, as well as a lag in price costs in plumbing and cabinetry. These items aggregate approximately $30 million.  Our SG&A as a percent of sales decreased to 10 basis points to 19.5% as we continue to leverage our SG&A while making strategic investments to drive profitable growth. Weve achieved operating profit of $250 million with operating margins of 13%. Our EPS was $0.45 in the quarter, an improvement of 13% compared to the first quarter of 2017. As a reminder, our adjusted EPS calculation assumes a 26% tax rate.  If you look to the balance of the year, we anticipate some of the strategic growth investments will continue into the second quarter. These investments will diminish in Q3 and Q4 leading to a stronger second half of 2018. As Keith mentioned, our performance in the first quarter was consistent with our operating and we are affirming our annual EPS guidance of $2.48 to $2.63 and our free cash flow estimate of $800 million. Turning to slide 7, our Plumbing segment delivered another quarter of strong top-line results. Segment sales increased 11%. Excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, sales increased 5%. This solid performance was driven by growth in our faucet, shower and spa businesses. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted this segment sales by approximately $43 million in the quarter.  Our North American sales grew 8% in local currency in first quarter as we experienced strong consumer-driven demand for our industry-leading brands with wholesale, large retail, and dealer customers. We also benefited from approximately $10 million of pull ahead sales as customers pulled orders from Q2 into Q1 in advance of the launch of Deltas new ERP system in early May.  Additional our spa business continued to outperform the competition as Watkins Wellness leveraged its strong network, innovative new products and industry leading brands to drive growth.  Our international plumbing sales increased 3% in local currency and Hansgrohes focus on key markets continued to yield results with strong growth in both China and Germany. The main drivers of the operating margin decline in Plumbing were higher strategic growth investments including display costs and increased depreciation and as we mentioned on our fourth quarter call, a lag in price costs. These items collectively amount to roughly $20 million. The higher strategic growth investments will persist into the second quarter but then moderate in Q3 and Q4. We anticipate the price cost lag would dissipate in Q2 as our pricing and cost containment actions are fully realized.  As a reminder, there will be incremental cost of approximately $5 million in each of Q2 and Q3 related to Deltas ERP implementation.  While we have recently made investments in our Plumbing business, we will leverage these growth investments and when coupled with the improving price cost relationship, we expect in 2018 this segment will grow 4% to 6% with operating margins similar to our 2017 margins.  Turning to slide 8, Decorative Architectural Products segment grew 10%. This performance was driven by another quarter of strong growth in various pro initiatives and our acquisition of Kichler in early March. Excluding the acquisition of Kichler, sales grew 4%. And as a reminder, that this segment is mostly impacted by the new revenue recognition accounting rule, and all comparisons reflect the application of this new rule in both 2017 and 2018. Operating income in the first quarter matched the first quarter of 2017. The benefit of increased volume was offset by strategic growth investments and increased legal and other variable expenses. We continue to face raw material cost pressure in the paint category, we are diligently working to mitigate the impact of this inflation. And as a remainder, the acquisition of Kichler will increase our depreciation and amortization expense by approximately $20 million on an annual basis.  Turning to slide 9. In the Cabinetry segment, sales declined 6% in the quarter, excluding the impact of the Moores divestitures sales decreased 1%, primarily due to declines in our new construction business. This build of business continues to be impacted by the effect of lost business in the second quarter of 2017, which we will anniversary here in the second quarter. Our repair and model business performed well in the quarter, KraftMaid solid performance in our repair remodeling business delivered mid-single-digit growth to increased volume. In addition, [indiscernible] of our Cardell program [indiscernible] is on schedule and we were pleased with this program initial performance. Segment and profitability declined in the quarter by $12 million principally due to the approximate $10 million investment related to the Cardell retail cabinet win and a price cost lag. We expect this lag will abate in the second quarter as our cost control and pricing actions are realized.  Turning to slide 10, our Windows segment sales increased 4% and excluding the impact of currency increased 2% in the quarter. Excluding the divestiture of Arrow Fastener, sales grew 12% or 9% in local currency. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted this segment sales by approximately $4 million. This performance was driven by strong growth across all channels in Milgard, which grew mid-teens percent in the quarter. Milgards strong growth was due to increased volume, a positive mix shift towards our premium window and door products and favorable pricing. Segment profitability in the quarter decreased 4 million, largely due to the Arrow divestiture in restructuring costs in our UK Window operations.  And turning to slide 11, we ended the quarter with approximately $500 million of balance sheet liquidity, as well as full availability on our $750 million revolving credit facility. During the quarter, we repatriated approximately $425 million to partly fund the acquisition of Kichler. Working capital as a percent of sales increased 340 basis points versus the prior year to 18%, largely due to the impact of the Kichler acquisition. Kichlers total working capital is added to the numerator of this metric but only 21 days of sales were added to the denominator. As such working capital as a percent of sales will decline throughout the year as an increasing the amount of Kichler sales impact this metric.  Further, while Kichlers business model lends itself higher levels of working capital, than most of Mascos other businesses, we believe to our deployment of Masco operating system tools, there is significant opportunities to further improve this metrics overtime. During the quarter, we continued our focus on shareholder value creation by repurchasing 3.7 million shares valued at approximately $150 million.  Finally, I am happy to report that Moodys recently upgraded our credit rating to investment grade. And as a result of its action, our credit rating is now investment grade with a three leading credit rating agencies, Standard & Poors, Fitch and Moodys. And with that, Ill now turn the call back over to Keith. 
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. I am pleased with our teams execution. We are on plan and we are off to a good start in 2018. Fundamentals driving our business remain strong. Demographics, namely the large millennial group are increasingly favorable and should drive household formations and housing for years to come.  Home prices are appreciating, up over 5% year-over-year, boosting consumers confidence to invest in their homes. Consumer confidence is up 8% year-over-year, the highest levels its been in 18 years. And US residential housing stock is aging, a key driver of repair and remodel spending with 70% of homes in the United States now over 25 years old. We are executing our strategies to capitalize on these strong fundamentals.  In Plumbing, we are driving strong top-line growth while investing for the future across our diverse plumbing platform, particularly at Delta and Hansgrohe. In Decorative, we are investing behind our powerful Behr brand to continue the growth of our pro paint initiatives along with our partner the Home Depot. And we are excited about the opportunities with Kichler, our new lighting business.  In cabinetry, we are on track with a significant new retail program launch and continue to drive sales growth in our repair and remodel business. And in windows, we are increasing share with our market leading Milgard brand.  Our leading brands on a strong execution generate robust free cash flow and we will continue to deploy that cash flow with a disciplined and balanced approach to acquisitions with a right fit and return, share buybacks and dividends to create value for our shareholders.  With that, I will now open up the call for Q&A. Back to you Regina. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Stephen Kim : Thanks very much, guys. And appreciate all the color. In particular I wanted to ask about the strategic and price cost lag. I was curious -- you gave a lot of information but I was curious if you could help us out a little bit with a breakdown of how much was related to specifically strategic growth versus price cost in your segments in the quarter. And then also as part of that particularly in Plumbing, I think that youd indicated you thought that you would do about $4 million in the first half of 18. I was wondering whether or not that expectation had changed for strategic growth?
John Sznewajs: So yes, Stephen, good morning. If you think about that $30 million of strategic growth and price cost that you called out, and obviously a big chunk of that $10 million is related to Menards spend for the recap program were launching under the Cardell brand.  As it relates to the Plumbing segment, there are really two pieces there. One is what you highlighted, some of the display spend that we incurred in the quarter. The other portion of that is increase depreciation and as you may recall, I think we [cost out] in the last several costs. [We placed] to new facilities in Hansgrohe, our distribution center last year and were investing in a new plating facility for them over in Germany and Ireland, so that is causing our depreciation to tick up a little bit. But that obviously was funding future growth for that business, which has performed very strongly globally for the last several years.  And then the last piece of that. And thats all in, I come to have plenty investment of achieving a display spend and the depreciation roughly split evenly about 5 million each, so 10 million in aggregate. And the third $10 million is really price cost. And that affected principally the Plumbing segment, but also a little bit in the Cabinetry segment as well.
Stephen East: And then when you talk about the price cost improving beginning in 2Q, I believe Keith that with your expression. Just wanted to be clear there and youve laid out, I think the strategic growth investments, so we can model that. But on the input price lag, price cost lag, could you give us a sense, are you actually expecting that to flip positive in 2Q or simply diminish the negative headwind in 2Q. At what point, I mean do you anticipate that will actually flip positive?
John Sznewajs: Stephen, John here. As we look at it, I think what were doing is the pricing that we put in the market and across our segments is actually just recovering prices. So, I think by the end of the second quarter will be flush with the raw material inflation that weve incurred in the market. 
Stephen East: Okay. And as part of that are you expecting input costs to continue to inflate from here in your outlook or is that, are you anticipating it just sort of where we are right now?
John Sznewajs: Look across our portfolio of businesses. I think the base metals copper and zinc have been -- they rose is in the second quarter starting on early second quarter of last year. And have been relatively narrow trading then since then. So, were not anticipating significant movement in either copper or zinc. So, I think that should be relatively stable through the balance of the year. And across our other product categories, I think for the most part will be stable. The one that we will keeping close eye on, the input costs to paid. All-in-all now approaching $70 a barrel and as affecting derivative to go into paint. We are keeping to close eye on how that both the engineered resins that go into paint move as well as CIO2 moves and I think as we said earlier in the year mid-single-digit inflation and input costs to paint, would be out of realm of possibility here in 2017.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew [indiscernible] with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: I guess maybe shifting to the growth side of things. Keith talking about some of these investments youre making in Plumbing across the new displays and then some of the investments John, you just mentioned with Hansgrohe. Is there a way to just kind of help us understand some of the timing of the fruits of all that investment? And maybe just elaborate on where do you see growth kind of heading in that segment as we move through the year and into next year? Thank you. 
Keith Allman: As often as the case Matt, when you make these growth investments you earn your way [and] you leverage them in subsequent periods and thats the case certainly with some of the investments weve made to support growth in our Hansgrohe business. But weve invested in a new logistics center in Germany which obviously supports the base business but also is key as we endeavor to be a leader in the e-business space which requires that quicker delivery with higher fill rates et cetera. We have made some investments across many of our segments, in pro paint for example, but in plumbing also where were investing in [field industry] and people to drive revenue and their productivity comes overtime.  Really what we are looking at is to start to leverage these investments, specifically to your question on plumbing, into the back half of the year. So, while we think about our expectations for growth, that hasnt changed, when we think about margin, we think its going to be similar to the full year versus last year -- full year 18 versus last year 17. And with the pressures that weve seen in price costs and all the growth investments that we are putting into this segment, we think that thats pretty good performance.
Unidentified Analyst : Got it. Thank you for that. My next question, I wanted to ask about cabinets, alongside some of the investment spending with Menards, did you actually recognize revenue from that new business during this quarter or is that still something that were going to expect to more meaningfully impact the top-line as we move through the year? Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Matt. Its John. We did recognize a little bit of revenue here in Q1. But to your point, I think what youll see as the year progresses, that you will see greater and greater revenue come from that program as it begins to approach its run rate of about $80 million on an annual basis.
Keith Allman: Its a good program for us. Weve worked hard to capture a chunk of our business. It supports our profitable growth objective in this segment. And as John mentioned, its meaty, it will be $80 million program and we expect to hit that run rate by the end of the year. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nishu Sood : Thank you. Yes, going back to Plumbing for a minute, the price commodity effects in first quarter, I think as you folks have talked about it in the past, it normally takes about two quarters for cost increases to come through and most of the time even I think in the fourth quarter you are able to get price ahead of that. So just wanted to understand what was mechanism, why the shortness in the effect in first quarter? And does it have to do with -- I think you mentioned some pull forward of sales ahead -- I dont know if I heard this right, the ERP implementation, was that a confounding factor here, I was just wondering if you could talk to that a bit please?
John Sznewajs: Sure. As it relates to price commodity element, recall that commodities elevated starting in the second quarter of 2017. And so, the P&L impact hit our income statement exactly as we would anticipate in the first quarter. And to your point, as we get out in pricing, obvious we dont get pricing in every customer at the same time. So, there was a little bit of a lag of putting price into the marketplace. And so, we feel really good about where we -- how our team's reacted to the commodity inflation and how they are actively offsetting price with -- are offsetting inflation with both price, as well as cost containment activities within their own operations. As it relates to the pull forward, no I dont think that the pull forward effective 10 million in Delta, really compounded the price costs affected all. That is really more or customers ensuring to take that inventory on hand as we go through our ERP implementation.
Keith Allman: Nishu, this is Keith. I think when you think about the impact of the growth investment thats continuing into Q2 as depreciation as we talked about. And then continued display spending and some ERP spend Delta. And if you look at -- if you recall last year, Q2, we had real strong margin performance. So, I think it was north of 21%. So, thinking about our Plumbing margins, they will likely be down in the second quarter to the same degree that there were down last year. But definitely expect expansion in the third quarter as we begin to particularly leverage the growth investment. So, for the full year, we expect Plumbing margins to be similar to last year. And as I mentioned given the work and the money were spending on growth and the way we handle to price costs. We think thats good performance. 
Nishu Sood : And then on paint. Obviously, the outline volumes in the market has been kind of soft, but there has been outperforming also very strong, strong performance on the pro side. Just trying, if you could give us a sense of how DIY volumes and the momentum in pro paint continued in the first quarter?
Keith Allman: We think, were about flat in DIY all-in and overall for the DIY market that low-single-digit. We really havent come out low-single-digit growth, we really havent changed our opinion and where that will fall out. In terms of pro, we continue strong growth in that segment and we are continuing to invest even more into that. So overall, when we think about the paint market, we think its pretty good particularly, when you look at our performance versus that market with the strong BEHR brand, our outstanding partner in Depot and our quality and service levels. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Neal BasuMullick: Its Neal BasuMullick for Mike. So, I guess continuing on [page 8] you touched a little bit on this. But can you talk a bit about what youre doing right on price cost?
Keith Allman: Well, I think what were doing right is continuing to perform like we demonstrated over the better part of a decade. And that is over the price commodity, over the commodity cycles as we go through them, while, there is leads and lags on both side of that. Weve been able to come out flush and mitigate those impacts overtime. I think, what were doing extremely well in this segment is working with our partner to Home Depot to keep these pressures and balance strategically and to together invest for growth in this segment and thats really paying off. I think our relationship with Depot has never been stronger as evidenced by our performance overall and both DIY and pro. And I think Ive point to that as something were doing well as well. 
Neal BasuMullick: And then I guess kind of factoring that what do you see as pace of margin recovery through the year. Specifically, how much do you think, you can pick-up in Q2?
Keith Allman: Well, its important to note as John mentioned that the decor segment has been affected by the revenue recognition accounting standards, more than any other of our segments. So, when you recast our margins for decor, they were 19% last -- prior year quarter and 17.2% this quarter. A big driver of that, far and away was the Kichlers acquisition. Their margins are in that low double-digit range, lower than the high teens that weve typically experienced in this segment.  So, recast that Kichler acquisition is call it 150, 200 basis points on average per quarter. So, when we look at our base business with the inflation weve experienced in the paint rods, and the actions weve taken to improve that price cost relationship, plus the expansion of our pro initiative, plus additional hub store employees and outside pro reps to continue to drive the volume, were expecting modest margin erosion for the full year. And again, when you look at all the investments we are making and the state of the commodities, thats pretty good. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Samuel Eisner with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Samuel Eisner: Yes, thanks so much. And good morning, everyone. Just maybe sticking on the just Keith your comment on the modest margin erosion. I think prior to the Kichler acquisition you had made a comment that you expected margin degradation given price cost headwinds that would less than the 2017 levels, obviously that was before the Kichler transaction. So, I was wondering if we can may be just parse out, do you still expect kind of the base core business to still see margin compression this year, what your prior comment inclusive of Kichler as well, just any kind of greater clarity there would be helpful?
Keith Allman: Sure, Sam. With -- restated for the accounting changes, with Kichler our revised long-term margin expectations are in that 16.5% to 18.5% and weve been operating at a higher end of that range and we expect to continue that through 18.  With regards to the base decorative business, thats what my prior comment referred to. We are expecting modest erosion in that base business. 
Samuel Eisner: Thats helpful. And then maybe your I recognize its maybe a little bit for this question but Kichler you own now for just about two months. Maybe you can talk about kind of looking at that business what surprises you both positively and negatively now that you guys have your hands on it, where there are opportunities for margin expansion given the fact that it's going to be a driving on the business going forward. Maybe just an overall update on how Kichler stands two months in?
Keith Allman: No negative surprises whatsoever. The surprises for me really have been positive. I knew going in through the due diligence that they were particular focused on the consumer and that they were product driven and understood the trends ahead of the actual trend being realized and we had a very short development cycle, thats really impressed me and has been a positive side.  In terms of the integration process, very smooth, very smooth. We have integrated treasury, risk management and legal. We are rolling out the introduction to the Masco operating system and theyve been very receptive and very eager to be part of the team. We have met with a significant number of key customers and that transition has been seamless. This is a good business for us. It fits in many ways in terms of the channel and the overlap. It fits with regards to the importance of influencers in this purchase journey in terms of designers and showroom associates which is very close to a lot of the work we do and in Plumbing and what we do in the aisle and paint. So, were excited about being able to add value to Kichler. And honestly, were excited about being able to learn from them as well. So very positive integration. 
Samuel Eisner: If I can just sneak one more in just John on freight cost this quarter or for the year. How youre thinking about that? What is the percentage of COGS just an overall kind of update on freight as a relates to your price cost discussion that youre getting earlier? Thanks. 
John Sznewajs: In terms of freight or distribution logistics costs, for the most part, a lot of our products are sent on standard distribution runs. And were not expecting around incurring much incremental inflation. We are seeing just a tough of inflation is on some of the more ad hoc or short-haul runs that we make. And so, at this point in the game, its not really that impactful to us. Keeping to close eye on it and but if I make certain that it doesnt exacerbate over the of course of the year. But right now, we think, we got that in pretty good control. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Susan Maklari with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Chris Counihan: This is Chris on for Susan. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you mention Cabinet sales
Keith Allman: Chris, could you speak up just a touch? 
Chris Counihan: Yes, sure. So, you mentioned before that your lower Cabinet sales and build to direct channel due to your margin rationalization efforts in that business. Once you left that impact, how quickly do you expect to return to positive growth and what do you expect your run rate growth to be exiting 2018?
John Sznewajs: Yes. [indiscernible] for the full year 2018 excluding the divestiture of Moores, we expect the top-line growth in this segment coming [ph] at 5% to 7% range. And so [indiscernible] we can pivot to growth further quickly. Once we get the anniversary of this loss business behind us. 
Chris Counihan: And turning to Windows, I mean you had strong performance at Milgard this quarter. Can you just walk us through some of the aspects driving the favorable pricing environment there and just the overall strength youre seeing on that side of the business?
Keith Allman: Really, Milgrad's growth was driven by their brand strength and their value proposition. This business has done exceedingly well with regards to lead times and fill rates. And we found clearly when we stub our toes and dont do well that affects us. And weve got some of the problems that weve had a year ago, well behind us. Weve got a new leader in that business and a new leadership team and that focus is really whats driven the growth. That value proposition resonates with dealers, so weve got an outstanding dealer network out there and thats very productive for us both in terms of big box and dealers and also the build a business that we choose to do out there. So, its really the Milgard value proposition thats driving the growth. 
John Sznewajs: And the other thing Chris that I point to you. As you recall this time last year and we were in the midst of the turnaround and Id say that we did have a relatively easy comp in Q1 compared to Q1 of last year. In the comps were going to be a little bit more difficult. So, you might not see the same mid-teens growth out of Milgard as you go deeper into 2018.
Keith Allman: I would say were expecting full year sales growth in that range of 6% to 8% excluding the Arrow divestiture on that. And on the margin side, were going to see some expansion, but Id remind you that, we do have continued ERP expense. And the ERP implementations are going very well and we will have continued ERP expense. So, while we are expecting margin expansion for the year, we probably won't make it to that long-term guidance for that 10% to 13%.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead. 
Dennis McGill: Hi. Good morning, guys. First question is on cabinets. You talked to mid-single-digit growth in repair and remodel. Can you split that between home centers and dealers and then also just discuss what you are seeing if any variance on price points and promotions?
John Sznewajs: Yes, so a couple of questions and again in terms of our remodeling growth between the various channels of distribution, we are really not breaking that out obviously, traffic stands across both home centers and dealers and both are positive. And so, we are feeling good about how that performed in the quarter.
Keith Allman: I think the retail promotion environment was a little bit elevated year-over-year in Q1 but just a touch. We would expect may be a slight increase in promotions for the full year but really not a whole lot. I think the retailers who view this class, this aisle is something that has a lot of add-on sales obviously so I think thats lucrative for them. And obviously as you know Dennis, they set their price and their promotional schedules and we support them where it makes profitable growth sense for us. So, pleased with the promotional levels. I think we are competitive where it's at [indiscernible].
Dennis McGill: And then the other part of my three-part question there was on the price plan 18, anything that stands out as far as within the cabinet business?
John Sznewajs: Our semi-custom product is doing real well and thats obviously on a bit of a higher end of the continuum. And when you look at the market data whilst its tough as you know with the -- to take a judgment on the market with a couple of month's worth of data but the semi-custom piece is doing well. Were outperforming the market gaining share. So, I would say that for the areas that we compete in that semi-custom space is pretty strong. 
Dennis McGill: Okay. And then Keith for you. On the ERP within Delta, [indiscernible] a little bit across just the ERP implementations, I think it drove the disruption in the windows business as well, how confident are you that this can be implemented without disruption for you guys or your customers? 
Keith Allman: I am really confident in our preparation. We have been at this for a long time. At Delta we have moved some of our high potential talent over there. We have highlighted -- excuse me hired external people to come in, in both program management as well as quality. While -- you mentioned Milgard, while we had a little bit issue initially I will tell you that our last two implementations, planned implementations on Milgard are going very well and it was one of our biggest plans that we recently did. So, theres always inherent risk with ERP systems. I am really confident in the Delta team.
Dennis McGill: Yes, weve incorporated a lot of the lessons learnt on the prior ERP implementations. The Delta team and to Keiths point has done just a tremendous job of preparing for this. And we are very confident in their ability to execute. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Stephen East with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Stephen East : Keith maybe turning back to Kichler a little bit. Could you tell -- as you look over, call it, the next 3 years or so what do you think is would be normalized growth rate for you and an up-margin rate for you? And then, I believe you source primarily from China. Steel tariffs, any tariffs impacting you all? And do you have opportunities for alternative sourcing?
Keith Allman: Well, in terms of -- there are a couple of questions in there. In terms of the overall margin that low-double-digit margin that weve talked about in the past were obviously going to continue to drive that up. We see opportunities from support and synergies not only in the working capital area, but also in some of the gross margin areas around procurement costs and those sorts of things. With regard to tariffs, the primary commodity here is class. And then on the steel side, were really at this point havent seen any tariffs because its not tariffs are targeted or being levied towards value added products.  So, so far, were in good shape there and I would tell you that, when you look at the decorative lighting fixture industry, it follows a very similar model. So, should there be any price or excuse me cost pressures, wed be in the soup with all of our competition. So, it really comes down to supply chain management to vendor development et cetera. So, were pretty confident in our ability to compete those, in those areas. And we see improvement opportunities as we start to get more into the business.
John Sznewajs: Stephen, as it relates to growth, we think the growth of Kichler will be very similar to the overall segments growth of 4% to 6% overtime.
Stephen East : Okay. 4% to 6%. All right. Thats helpful. And then the other question I had is, weve had a lot of news in the paint side, the DIY channel over at Lowes. Do you think as you get into the second half of this year in the first quarter of this year, promo spending for you all in this sector increases?
Keith Allman: No. I wouldnt characterize it that way. I mean, weve seen some promo increase in the last quarter as different brands and different products are launched and that's normal. But Im not particularly expecting any significant increase in promo. If you look across the different players in the industry, I think our partners demonstrated some of the best discipline. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
John Lovallo: First one, I think on Hansgrohe, it looks like, it was a 3% year-over-year. That seems like, its a bit of a slowdown over the past couple of quarters. I think its been running kind of in the high-single-digits. Anything you could point to there?
John Sznewajs: Yes. Generally, saw good growth in Germany and China as I mentioned in our prepared remarks. So, we did see a little bit softness in the UK and a little bit slower growth in some of the Southern European countries growth. But now the stronger growth as we experienced in prior quarters. So just a little bit of a pullback in some out there, some of their core markets, but overall, their home country of Germany has done well and their emerging market growth has been just terrific. 
Keith Allman: And were seeing good -- were seeing the growth better around higher and actual brand as I mentioned as well as our good segment and we think in terms of good, better, best. And I think thats always from me a good indication of solid market performance when you have both ends of the price continuum growing. 
John Lovallo: Okay, thats helpful. And then my second question would be, I just want to make sure I understood this correctly. In terms of the raw material pricing dynamic, I think youd mentioned in segment quarter youve going to catch up on the pricing side, is that really by the end of the second quarter, would you still anticipate a negative impact 2Q?
John Sznewajs: I think there will be modest impact in Q2 and will improve as we go through the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst : Good morning. This is Stephen on for Kathryn. Plumbing, the margin came in lower than expected. I guess can you maybe balance the mix impact. I am little surprised with the strength in Watkins, I figured the margin decline would be less than it was?
Keith Allman: The margin was really driven by our growth investment as we talked about in displays and in some depreciation of those assets that we put into support growth, new plating line, a new distribution center over in Hansgrohe. We had a little bit of a price commodity lag. So together those as John mentioned are about $20 million. 
John Sznewajs: Not much of a mix impact in the quarter, we have a little bit of mix but not much at all.
Unidentified Analyst : Alright. And then maybe stepping back with a higher-level view. If this strength in trend to lower price point starter homes continues throughout the year, do you see any product gaps in your portfolio that you need to invest more in or acquire or do you expect one segment to benefit more on volume side than another? Thanks. 
Keith Allman: Weve paid particular attention over the years to make sure that we have a broad assortment where applicable whilst the opening price point does tend generally to have lower margins. They are not as low and as not as bigger as a spread as there once was as we work on both procurement and shop floor productivity and variable cost productivity. So, we are in pretty good shape. And I think thats evidenced by -- Ill go through a couple of them that stand out for me, and our Watkins spa business, world leader in that space with very strong performance in the high end. We have also worked to come in to get more reasonably priced good level of product that we can sell online. And thats going very well. We have recently re-launched our Peerless brand which is an opening price point brand in plumbing and thats taken up very well and is getting good positioning on the shelf. When we look at our ability to land profitable growth in Menards, that required some outstanding value engineering and brand positioning with regards to the opening price point as well as having a packaged on the semi-custom piece. So, our mantra is we need to be where our customers are buying from a channel perspective which obviously is e-business and we need to be where they are buying from a performance perspective as well. So, this is -- we put a lot of work and this happened over several years. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Alex Rygiel with B. Riley FBR. Please go ahead.
Alex Rygiel: Keith in your opening comments, you mentioned youre very pleased with the quarter and on-plumbing an aggregate. Could you comment on 2 or 3 surprises in the quarter either positive or negative that maybe you didnt anticipate three months ago that youre taking action on today?
Keith Allman: I expect the Kichler integration to go well, its exceeded my expectations. I knew that there would be, we knew that there would be a price cost lag, and that we would be able to manage that. And that lent [ph] as expected, I would tell you, we got a little bit of a logistics headwind that I wasnt quite ready for so of speak, we didnt expect as a relates to some of the rules and how over the road truckers manage their time. And thats driven the cost up a little bit. Oil started to pierce north a little bit more than I probably expected. So, in the cost basket, theres been some higher than expected, lower-than-expected but on average, I think were about ready for it. So, I think, I would characterize this quarter significantly more as on plan that I would surprises.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead. 
Keith Hughes: Most of the questions have been answered, but with a heavy share repurchase in the quarter, what is the ending share count?
John Sznewajs: I think its around 3.10, Keith. 
Keith Hughes: And you highlighted in the prepared texts, another share repurchase number. Is that in addition to what we saw in the first quarter?
John Sznewajs: Yes, that was either, again, we were careful with our wording there. We said either 100 million to 150 million of either additional share repurchases or M&A throughout the balance of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phillip Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Phillip Ng : Given the moving pieces in decorative. Just curious, how should we think about margins for the full year and to offset some of these headwinds you are seeing. Is that more on the price side to cost side and then in a rising raw material environment. How quickly can you kind of pass that through?
Keith Allman: As we talked a little bit about before Phillip, you think about the base business now separate that, because were in the middle of the Kichler acquisition. The base business, we would expect margin erosion, slight margins, modest margin erosion is how were characterizing it. When you think about the effect on this segment from the Kichler acquisition that would be in a range of 150 to 200 basis point reduction. 
Phillip Ng : And then in terms of your ability to kind of pass that through from a pricing standpoint is it like a quarter lag, 2 quarters? How should we think about that?
Keith Allman: We have a significant customer concentration. So, we dont talk about specific pricing actions in there. And I go back to my prior comment over the long-term of price commodity fluctuations we tend to stay flush. 
Phillip Ng : Okay, thats helpful. And just one last one for me from a top-line perspective, pretty encouraging strong start in light of some the weather-related issues, some of the other companies have talked about. The market obviously nervous about higher rates. Just curious how inflated is your business and any early reads on the spring selling season? Thanks.
Keith Allman: We dont believe that rising interest rate is going to put a break on housing, full stop. The 10-year bond is up about 45 basis points since year-end. Mortgages rates are about 4.5% and we have that level of 2014. We are almost if not, almost there to 85% repair and remodeling which is significantly less than sort of the interest rates. Our home equity lending is a very small part of the R&R market financing nowadays. The biggest driver in our opinion our expanded real wage growth and home price appreciation, consumer confidence, all those are positive.  Our affordability, particularly when you look at historical standards, still very good. Our view is that the market can digest a steady gradual increase in interest rates and that recurring model is a spend thats more around a lifestyle decision as opposed to say a tax decision or an interest rate decision. So rising rates, generally signal a good economy and we do well in good economy. So, we dont expect a break in 18 or 19 as it relates to rising interest rates. 
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Please go ahead. 
Ken Zener: Good morning, gentlemen. The last question is basically without the rising interest rates, which categories, realizing you are obviously 85% R&R and we have favorable view of R&D tied to rising prices with the homeowners equity, how if rates are going up though, full stop, I heard you guys, which categories would be more susceptible when you think about price points, so think about paint versus cabinets which might be more tied to cabinets, faucets under renovation. Could you just discern it your comments a little bit by price point if you would? Thank you very much.
John Sznewajs: I dont think its so much price continuum variation as it is new construction versus R&R. So, I would look more to the new -- the higher new construction segments as potentially being more impacted by that. But as I am out in the market and I look at the issues around new construction, its not rate, its more capacity and skill trades and the ability to get the jobs completed. So, I would maybe twist my answer and not go on a price continuum discussion, its a more of a new construction impact than as I said were about 85% R&R.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude todays conference call. Thank you all for joining and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-08 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Chaika - Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations Keith Allman - President and Chief Executive Officer John Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Stephen East - Wells Fargo Keith Hughes - SunTrust Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates Tim Wojs - Baird Michael Eisen - RBC Capital Markets Michael Wood - Nomura Instinet John Lovallo - Bank of America Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2017 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Conference Call. My name is Lisa and I will be your conference operator for todays call. As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin your conference, sir.
David Chaika: Thank you, Lisa and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2017 fourth quarter and full year conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco and John Sznewajs, Mascos Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter earnings release and the presentation slides we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analysts questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we cant take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and Other Disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial measures. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconciled these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I will now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 4. In May of 2015, the new leadership team at Masco held our first Investor Day in over 7 years. We introduced the new team, outlined our strategies in detail and committed to more than doubling our earnings per share from $0.88 in 2014 to $1.80 in 2017. I am very proud to say that the Masco team exceeded that $1.80 target by earning $1.94 per share, a 3-year compounded growth rate of over 30%. I would like to thank our more than 26,000 employees worldwide for their hard work and dedication and for doing their part to help us accomplish this lofty goal. Lets discuss some of our key accomplishments in 2017 that contributed to the achievement of this goal. Our revenues for the year grew 4%, excluding the impact of currency and our operating profit increased 9% or $98 million as margins expanded 70 basis points to 15.3%, our highest margin in 15 years. This operating profit growth demonstrates our strong operating leverage, continued improvements in cost productivity and our ability to successfully implement price across segments to offset raw material and other inflation demonstrating the strength of our brands, innovation and the value that we bring to our customers. Turning to our segments, our Plumbing segment delivered strong performance across our diverse global plumbing platform, with Delta, Hansgrohe and Watkins each achieving record sales and record profits for the year. Notably, Delta achieved record sales in the fourth quarter. When you consider that the fourth quarter is typically a slower quarter, this is a significant achievement. Delta delivered this growth with strong performance in trade retail and e-commerce due to the breadth of its product assortment, commitment to innovation and focus on serving the customer. Hansgrohe, our global plumbing company, drove strong growth in the fourth quarter in Germany, France, the Netherlands and China as it continued to execute on our strategic initiatives and gained share in its focus markets. During the fourth quarter we also completed the acquisition of Mercury Plastics, a plastics processor and manufacturer of water handling systems for appliance and faucet applications for $89 million. This acquisition enables us to continue to expand the development of the industry leading PEX waterway technology for faucet and appliance applications. In our Decorative Architectural segment, we finished the year with strong momentum as fourth quarter sales grew an outstanding 12%, our propane initiative continued its double digit growth in the quarter and for the year. And I am pleased to say that this program is now over $400 million in revenue with significant market opportunity still ahead. To continue to capitalize on this opportunity, we have committed along with our partner the Home Depot two additional investments and are actively recruiting to expand our hub store footprint and our outside pro sales force. We expect to have these additional employees on-board in early 2018. While the DIY market has been soft for most of 2017, together with the Home Depot we continued to outperform the market by successfully driving mid single-digit DIY growth during the fourth quarter as our customer focused programs, industry leading quality, service and brand continue to produce results. Liberty Hardware also achieved double digit top line growth in the quarter as it completed the load in for a new retail cabinet hardware program capping off double digit top line growth for the year. I am also pleased that we entered an agreement to acquire Kichler Lighting late in the fourth quarter. We expect this transaction to close in the first quarter and its results will be reported in our Decorative Architectural segment. Kichler is a strong fit with Masco with top brands in each of its product categories, a focus on design and innovation and outstanding customer service. As products are sold through channels where we have strong presence such as plumbing showrooms, home centers and online as well as other channels including lighting showrooms and electrical distributors. We are excited about the future of this business and with its annual sales of approximately $450 million and similar growth prospects to our other businesses. This will be an additional driver of growth for Masco. Turning to cabinetry, we experienced some headwinds in this business throughout the year due to some unplanned losses of our builder business, increased tariffs and the affects of hurricanes in the third and fourth quarters of the year. Despite these headwinds our KraftMaid brand grew mid single-digits for the full year and we improved the overall segment operating margins by 310 basis points in the fourth quarter. I would like to share with you an exciting development in our cabinetry business. We recently won a significant program with Menards to be a supplier of special order and in stock cabinetry with our Cardell brand of cabinets. We have already begun setting displays in the Menards stores and this activity will continue throughout the first half of 2018. It will take some time to ramp up this program, but we believe this program will be approximately $80 million in annual revenue at maturity. We achieved this win with an assortment of innovative products at attractive price points. Congratulations to the entire Masco cabinetry team for securing this exciting new account that will drive profitable growth. During the fourth quarter we also determined that the Moores Furniture Group, our small UK cabinet operation was no longer core to our long-term strategy and completed the divestiture of this business. Moving on to windows, we achieved a $54 million improvement in operating profit in this segment for the full year due to the improved performance at Milgard, our leading Western United States window business which achieved high single-digit growth for the full year. Now turning back to our consolidated results, our strong operating performance in 2017 generated $564 million in free cash flow, strong cash flow was a hallmark of Masco enabling us to do drive shareholder value through reinvesting in the business, selectively pursuing acquisitions with the right fit and return and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Consistent with our balanced capital allocation strategy, we returned $460 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends in 2017 and will invest a significant amount of capital upon the closing of the Kichler acquisition in early 2018. In addition to the acquisition of Kichler, we expect to deploy a minimum of $200 million to $300 million in share buybacks or acquisitions in 2018. I will now turn the call over to John who will go over our operational and financial performance in greater detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith and good morning everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact in rationalization and other one-time charges. Before I get into the details, I should make you aware that my script today will be a little bit longer than it has been historically as we will be sharing with you some significant detail for 2017 and 2018. So, hang in there with me for the next several minutes. Turning to Slide 6, we delivered solid sales growth and operating margin expansion in 2017 driven by customer-focused innovation, new programs and productivity improvements. The fourth quarter was our 25th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and profit growth. We finished the year strong. Fourth quarter sales increased 5% and full year sales increased 4%, excluding the impact of currency translation. When accounting for the divestitures of Arrow and Moores, sales increased 6% in the fourth quarter and 5% in the full year in local currency. Currency translation favorably impacted our fourth quarter sales by approximately $30 million as the U.S. dollar weakened against most major currencies, including the euro and British pound. Our full year sales were not impacted by currency translation. North American sales increased 5% in the fourth quarter and 4% in the full year in local currency. Excluding Arrow, sales increased 7% in the fourth quarter and 5% for the full year in local currency. Consumer-driven demand for our industry leading repair and remodeling products across all channels of distribution and across the price continuum drove this performance. International sales increased 3% in the quarter and 4% for the full year in local currency as our international plumbing businesses continue to drive growth and profitability. Excluding Moores, sales increased 5% in both the quarter and the full year in local currency. Gross margins expanded 10 basis points to 32.9% in the quarter, expanded 60 basis points to 34.2% for the full year. We successfully put price into the market across all four segments in the fourth quarter to offset rising input costs demonstrating strength of our brands and innovation. Our SG&A as a percent of sales decreased 140 basis points to 18.8% in the fourth quarter and decreased 10 basis points to 18.9% for the full year as we continue to leverage our volume and control our costs while making strategic investments in profitable growth initiatives. We delivered solid bottom line performance in 2017 as operating income increased 20% in the quarter and margins expanded 150 basis points to 14.1%. For the full year, operating income increased 9% and margins expanded 70 basis points to 15.3%, our highest full year operating margin in 15 years. For the fourth quarter, our EPS increased 33% to $0.44 and for the full year increased 28% to $1.94. These results exclude a loss of approximately $64 million that resulted from the sale of our UK cabinet business in the fourth quarter of 2017. Starting with the first quarter of 2018, our adjusted EPS calculation will assume a 26% tax rate, down from the 34% due to the recently enacted tax reform. Turning to Slide 7, our Plumbing segment achieved another outstanding year. This segment once again delivered profitable growth and margin expansion. Segment sales in the quarter increased 6%, excluding the impact of currency driven by strong growth in our faucet, shower and spa businesses. Currency favorably impacted this segments sales by approximately $24 million in the quarter. North American sales increased 6% in local currency as we experienced strong demand with our wholesale, large retail, dealer and e-commerce customers. As Keith mentioned, the fourth quarter was an all-time sales record that quarter for Delta and was typically a seasonally slower quarter. Our European performance was also strong in the quarter as our international plumbing businesses grew sales by 7% in local currency as Hansgrohes focus on key markets continue to yield results with strong growth in both China and Germany. Operating profit in the quarter increased 11% due to incremental volume in a favorable price commodity relationship. These benefits were partially offset by approximately $8 million of increased strategic display investment with Deltas plumbing wholesalers that we foreshadowed on our third quarter call. Turning to the full year 2017, sales increased 6% in both U.S. dollars as well as local currency led again by record sales and operating profit at Delta, Hansgrohe and Watkins. North American sales grew 6% as we experienced strong growth in across all channels, including wholesalers, large retailers, dealers and e-commerce during 2017. In addition, Delta Faucets luxury brand, Brizo, grew double-digits and continued to experience strong consumer demand in showrooms for its innovative products. Delta also gained share in faucets and showers with new product introductions in both retail and trade. Our European businesses continued to outperform delivering 6% sales growth in both U.S. dollars and local currency as Hansgrohes performance continued to benefit from its investments in brand, design and innovation. Full year operating profit grew 7% due to volume growth in a favorable price commodity relationship partially offset by strategic growth investments. Delta will continue its investments in showrooms by rolling out new displays for the plumbing wholesale customers. We are expecting this spend is incremental $4 million in the first half of 2018 split equally between the first and second quarters. Delta is also in the process of implementing a new ERP system, which we expect to incur approximately $10 million of incremental expenses in 2018 mainly in the second and third quarters. For 2018 at this time, we expect Plumbing segment sales growth to be in the 4% to 6% range, with margins similar to 2017. Turning to Slide 8, the Decorative Architectural Products segment grew an outstanding 12% in the fourth quarter as we continue to experience strong double-digit growth of our BEHR PRO initiative as well as mid single-digit growth in our core DIY products. We estimate sales in the quarter were aided by approximately $6 million of incremental sales to the hurricane-impacted regions of the United States. Liberty Hardware also contributed to the top line as they benefited from the $6 million load in of its new retail cabinetry hardware program in the quarter. Operating income increased 17% due to increased volume and an improvement in the price commodity relationship partially offset by approximately $7 million of reset costs related to Libertys retail program win that we previously discussed on our third quarter call. Full year sales grew 5% driven by strong performance of our BEHR PRO initiative as we achieved double-digit growth and continued to grow share with the PRO. Our PRO sales were more than $400 million for 2017. This outstanding performance continues to demonstrate our commitment together with the Home Depot to invest in and capitalize on the significant opportunity. Due to the success of this PRO initiative, we will invest in additional hub store employees and outside sales reps in early 2018 to support future growth. We expect this incremental investment will be similar to our investment in 2017. The solid sales growth in 2017 was also attributable to Liberty Hardwares continued share gains from successful new product introductions and program wins in the retail channel. Full year operating income increased 1% principally due to operating leverage on higher volume partially offset by an unfavorable price to commodity relationship and strategic growth investments. Please turn to Slide 9, as we look into 2018, this segment will be impacted by two items I would like to provide further detail on, the new revenue recognition standard and the acquisition of Kichler. First, the new revenue recognition accounting standard will have minimal impact on the segments full year results, but will affect revenues and operating margins each quarter. This new standard will decrease segment revenue by approximately $10 million in each of Q1 and Q4 and will increase revenue by approximately $10 million in each of Q2 and Q3. This change will also impact segment operating margins decreasing segment operating margins by approximately 100 basis points in each of Q1 and Q4 and increasing segment operating margins by approximately 100 basis points in each of the second and third quarters. Our other segments will not be significantly impacted by the new revenue recognition standard. Moving to the acquisition, as Keith mentioned, we expect to close on our acquisition of Kichler shortly, this results will be included in this segment. Including this acquisition and assuming on March 31 close, we expect segment sales growth will be between 21% and 23% with operating margins in the range of 16.5% to 18.5% in 2018. A portion of this margin reduction is due to the impact of purchase accounting for intangible assets and the related amortization expense. Additionally, we expect an approximate $35 million impact in the first 6 months following the closing of the transaction due to the step up of inventory as part of purchase accounting. We will exclude this inventory step up adjustment in our adjusted numbers. As we think about the existing business in this segment for 2018 excluding Kichler, we believe core sales should grow in the 4% to 6% range similar to what we guided at our Investor Day and existing margins may contract modestly from 2017 levels due to price commodity headwind and further investment in the hub store and Pro sales reps. Turning to Slide 10, in the Cabinetry segment, sales declined 5% in the fourth quarter and 4% for the full year principally due to the exit of certain low margin builder business in the first half of 2017, the impact of Texas and Florida hurricanes and additional loss builder business resulting from a builder consolidation in the second half of 2017. In addition, we divested our UK cabinet business, the Moores Furniture Group in the fourth quarter. Excluding the impact of Moores, sales declined 1% in the fourth quarter and 3% for the full year. This activity masked a very successful year for KraftMaid. In the retail channel, KraftMaid experienced mid single-digit growth as well as year-over-year share gains in 2017. In the dealer channel, KraftMaid drove mid single-digit growth in 2017 through increased volume, favorable mix and price as its new products continue to resonate with kitchen designers and consumers. Segment profitability increased $6 million in the quarter and declined $9 million for the full year. The fourth quarter performance was driven by continued improvement in operating efficiencies and favorable pricing. The full year was impacted by a loss volume, expenses related to new product launches and the impact of antidumping duties and countervailing tariffs on imported Chinese plywood. Turning to 2018, segment sales will be reduced by approximately $40 million due to the sale of Moores split roughly evenly between the first, second and third quarters, with some improvement to operating profit. In addition due to the recent retail win under the Cardell brand as Keith mentioned, we anticipate approximately $12 million of investment spend mainly in the first quarter as the new store displays are set. We believe annual sales from this program will be approximately $80 million at maturity and we expect to be at that run-rate by year end. We also believe this program will be accretive to the segments margins, excluding the investment spend. For 2018, we expect sales growth excluding the Moores divestiture in the range of 5% to 7% and expect continued margin expansion despite significant investment in the Menards program. Turning to Slide 11, our Windows segment sales decreased 3% in the fourth quarter and matched the full year 2016. Excluding the sale of Arrow Fastener, sales increased 6% in the fourth quarter and 5% for the full year. This strong performance was driven by growth in Milgard, our leading Western U.S. window business, which was 7% in the fourth quarter and 8% for the full year. Milgards solid growth was due to favorable pricing, increased volume and the positive mix shift towards our premium window and door products. Segment profitability in the quarter decreased $2 million, but increased $54 million for the full year. Fourth quarter was impacted by cost increases, the divestiture of Arrow, softness in our UK operations, partially offset by favorable pricing. The full year performance was primarily driven by the lapping of last years warranty expense, favorable pricing and cost savings initiatives. We are extremely pleased with the rapid turnaround in Milgard in 2017 and remain confident that the improved performance will continue in 2018. As a reminder due to the sale of Arrow Fastener, our first half sales and operating profit will be reduced by approximately $30 million and $6 million respectively, split roughly evenly between the first and second quarter. 2018, we expect sales growth for this segment to be 6% to 8% excluding the Arrow divestiture with margin expansion though not likely in our long-term range of 10% to 13% due to the ongoing rollout of ERP at Milgard. And turning to Slide 12, our year end balance sheet was strong at approximately $1.3 billion of liquidity. We continued to produce some of the best working capital results in the industry with working capital as a percent of sales was 13% at year end. This was slightly elevated from prior year principally due to higher inventory to support our growth and new program wins. We expect to improve our working capital metrics in 2018. During 2017, we repurchased more than 9 million shares valued at approximately $331 million. We also increased the dividend by $0.02 to $0.42 per common share. Since 2014 we have returned more than $1.6 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We took further action in 2017 to strengthen our balance sheet by refinancing high coupon debt and thus reducing our interest expense by approximately $3 million per quarter. Going into 2018, our disciplined capital allocation strategy is unchanged. We continue to prioritize investment in our businesses to drive organic growth. We will balance acquisitions with the right strategic fit and returns with share repurchases and we will maintain an appropriate dividend. We will utilize our strong liquidity in 2018 as we plan to fund our acquisition of Kichler with $550 million of cash on hand. In addition, we have $114 million debt maturity to come through in April which we plan to pay off. We also expect to use another $200 million to $300 million in share repurchases or acquisitions in 2018. We generated more than $560 million of free cash flow in 2017. We expect to generate more than $800 million of free cash flow in 2018 due to stronger earnings, the benefit of tax reform and disciplined working capital management. This amount does not include any free cash flow from Kichler. Our 2018 EPS estimate is $2.48 to $2.63. This range includes the change in the tax code and the expected results for the Kichler acquisition for the last three quarters of 2018. Before I turn the call back over to Keith, let me highlight one other required accounting change. There is a new pension accounting rule, this new rule will move approximately $17 million of pension expense and operating expenses to the other income expense line on the income statement in 2018. The effects will be to increase operating income by $17 million in 2018. There will be no effect on either net income or EPS. As the majority of our pension expense recorded in general corporate expense each of our segments will have only a minimal benefit. 2018 general corporate expense is estimated to be $85 million which reflects the pension change and other anticipated cost reductions. With that I will now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. 2017 was a good year for Masco, as we successfully executed against our strategic initiatives. We continued to grow our Plumbing segment with our three largest plumbing businesses Delta, Hansgrohe, and Watkins each achieving record sales and record profits. We continue to gain share in the pro and DIY paint markets with our powerful Behr brand. In cabinetry, our KraftMaid brand gained share in its repair and remodel market as it continued to resonate with kitchen designers and consumers. And in windows, we significantly improved our operating performance at our Milgard windows business unit. In addition to our segment performance, we executed against our capital allocation strategy by investing in our business, committing significant capital to two acquisitions, repurchasing approximately $331 million of our shares and increasing our dividend for the fourth year in a row. As we turn to 2018, the fundamentals of our business remains strong and consumer confidence continues to improve, due in part to the recently enacted tax reform. With our continued focus on executing our strategy, coupled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, we will capitalize on the strong industry dynamics by continuing to invest in our leading brands, innovation leadership and operational excellence. We believe, we will generate over $800 million in free cash flow in 2018 and earnings per share will be in the range of $2.48 to $2.63 per share. With that, I will now open up the call for questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Stephen East from Wells Fargo, your line is open.
Stephen East: Well, thank you and good morning guys. Thanks for all the great information thats hugely helpful to us. Maybe I can start off with Keith, the Kichler acquisition, just maybe talk a little bit about if you would sort of what the thought process you went through to acquire this, I mean lighting is a different business obviously and as you went through this process what you thought your game plan would be over the next couple of years with this company and any other thoughts around costs and synergy opportunities there?
KeithAllman: We approach our acquisition pipeline and where we targeted based on a market company value framework where we look at the overall market to determine attractiveness. We look at and determine shortlists for targeted companies. And then when we get in and look at those specific companies, we think about what kind of value we can bring. So that MCV format is what we do and have been doing for several years. We have been looking at the lighting industry for a couple of years now and we like it a lot, its a big industry about $6 billion in terms of revenue where we will play. Its relatively fragmented with  which gives us the opportunity for a nice organic growth and share gain. And historically the growth profile on this industry has been in the mid single-digit range. It has similar products  excuse me has similar products and brands and is sold in a way thats very similar to what we currently do, its sold through home centers, through showrooms, plumbing showrooms as well as new channels for us with electrical distributors, etcetera. And we have strong relationships with those  with those channels. Lighting is often specified by a designer who is coordinating an entire project and the showroom associate is key to that assisted sale and that is a very similar to what we do in many parts of our business currently at Masco. We know how to service that customer base and how to make it difference for them in terms of making their business more successful. So when we look at that all those factors in terms of the total industry, we like it a lot. With specific regards to Kichler and why that was on our target list and why we like Kichler so much, it really comes down to a couple of things. They have very strong brand and a very intense focus on design and innovation. They have extremely well established distribution and a focus on customer service and operational excellence. I have met some of their customers that are two, three, I even met a fourth generation customer. And I really like what I hear with regards how we are serving  servicing them and the longevity. In particular whats attracted to me for Kichler as a company that is its culture. There is no doubt in my mind that they are product driven and customer service focus. And you can just sense and feel a permeation through the whole company that they respect individuals and individual contribution and people, so very consistent with the culture that we are driving here at Masco. So the market is very attractive to us. The company is very good company. And in terms of our value creation, we certainly see opportunities in operational excellence. We are very good at this at understanding the customer at designing and procuring from China. This will help us with logistics efficiencies. And we think we can help through the Masco operating system to improve Kichler. And quite frankly I think that through MOS, we are going to be able to take the good ideas from Kichler and apply them to Masco. So if we look across MCV market company value, this is a great acquisition for us.
Stephen East: Alright, that is great. Thank you. I appreciate it. And then the second question I had is you all laid out in 17 your  that you thought you would spend $1.5 billion through 19 on M&A and repurchase, you are already  you are two-thirds of the way there, you outlined more for 18, any thoughts about pushing that number up or how do you think about it now that you are pretty far down the road versus your target?
Keith Allman: Our capital allocation strategy really hasnt changed. We are focused on investing in our business and returning cash to the shareholders looking at M&A and share repurchases and maintaining our [indiscernible] as we have talked about. We have also talked about it and I mentioned it from the stage in the investor conference that we have the option to do more if we need to. We have a very solid and strong balance sheet and there is an opportunity for us to do more, but fundamentally the way I look at it that we really havent changed our capital allocation approach. And I think that minimum $200 million to $300 million more in acquisitions and share repurchase is a good way to think about it.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Steven, the one thing I would supplement Keiths comments and I completely agree with what he said is that due to tax reform we will probably have an incremental $200 million of cash to spend. And so could we allocate that $200 million to one of the legs of our capital allocation strategy over the course of the next 2 years, absolutely that could be the case because that took the form of either incremental acquisitions or incremental share repurchases. Definitely thats a potential thats out there for us.
Stephen East: Alright. Thanks a lot. Thats helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. I also have some questions on the acquisition, Slide 9 show the dilution of margins in the segment, does those estimates include or exclude that $35 million step up in amortization from purchase accounting?
John Sznewajs: They exclude, Keith.
Keith Hughes: Exclude and I believe in your guidance range you exclude that as well, is that correct?
John Sznewajs: Thats correct.
Keith Hughes: Okay. If you do some interpolation that would imply a good to lower margin that we will receive from a lot of your businesses in Kichler, is that correct and what kind of manufacturing center do you use, what things do you do  can you do in the future to get that up?
John Sznewajs: Yes. So Keith, there is a couple of things, right. Inherently, this is a little bit lower margin than either the pain of our hardware business that we have. Its by a low double-digit margin business. It is being impacted by as I mentioned some amortization expense, due to intangible amortization. Roughly for the first 3 years of acquisition will keep the margins suppressed in that segment and then we will start to see them some growth as we  as that kind of rolls off. So we should see some margin expansion over time. And as Keith mentioned we do see some opportunities to improve the operational efficiency of Kichler through our Masco operating system and the discipline that, that applies. And we also see some things that we can translate from Kichler back into Masco. So other things like sourcing synergies and procurement savings and logistic savings, we can realize, yes, we think there are some and we will call those out as those get more crystallized. Quite honestly, we havent closed on the transaction yet. So we are still working our way through some of those details.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Just to clarify the low double-digit number you talked about that does already exclude the step-up, is that correct?
John Sznewajs: Thats correct.
Keith Hughes: Okay, alright. So, thats not going to  that does not going to change several years out on an adjusted basis, its not going to change several years out.
Keith Allman: No, what will change with the intangible amortization, which will be about a 3-year period.
Keith Hughes: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Rednor from Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Scott Rednor: Hi, good morning.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Rednor: I wanted to just go back to cabinet real quick and congratulations on the retail win. But if I look back at your slides from the Investor Day, Cardell was an even a brand mentioned. So, I know you acquired it a few years ago. So, maybe Keith, can you just talk to how it fits in the wheelhouse of KraftMaid and Merillat?
Keith Allman: Fundamentally, where we see Cardell is right in that same bandwidth if you will with regards to Merillat, maybe in spots, it can go a little lower in terms of price points, but when you talk about the build-to-order more of the semi-custom aspect of it, it can go a little bit higher as you well know depending on the content of the different types of the content that you put in the box, the price continuum can be pretty broad. Cardell is a well-established brand. Its been around for a while, while its been quiet for the last couple of years. It does resonate. I would encourage you to go take a look at the displays in Menards, if you get an opportunity they look fabulous. Its a good brand for us to have in our stable as it relates to giving us the opportunity to go into other customers and other channels and address some of the issues and conflicts that sometimes can arise with that. So, it fits very nicely and played, I would say, a strong role in our ability to get this business together with the broad offering that we can offer and putting to use the structural competitive advantage that we have in our cabinet business to come in at a very attractive price point.
Scott Rednor: And then I will just ask a quick one on Plumbing, John, I think you mentioned a favorable price commodity relationship for all of 18 or all of 17 excuse me and when you guide to similar margins next year, can you maybe talk about kind of push points in there, you have significant amount of expense rolling off, I would think from the Hansgrohe facility that you are lapping, but you are investing back in the business. Can you maybe kind of parse out the positives and negatives there, please?
JohnSznewajs: Yes, sure. So, as we go into 2018, Scott, yes, there were a couple of things that we are lapping. Indeed, there were kind of headwinds in 2017. That said this ERP expense at Delta of about $10 million and the $4 million of displays as well as a little bit of commodity headwind as we head into the first part of 2018 we are feeling, if you think over the last 6 months, zinc is up pretty significantly as is copper. And so we are looking at maybe needing to put price back into the market again in 2018 potentially. And so there maybe a little bit of lag in getting price and so that weighs into our thinking on segment margins in 2018.
Scott Rednor: Thank you.
JohnSznewajs: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs from Baird. Your line is open.
Tim Wojs: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Keith Allman: Good morning.
JohnSznewajs: Good morning, Tim.
Tim Wojs: Maybe back on that last question, John, I guess maybe for the whole business as you kind of think about price costs, is the right way to think about it for a team that you margins are a little bit more negatively impacted in the first half and wind up recovering more of that in the second half or just whats the right way to think about the cadence of price cost for the business over the course of 18?
JohnSznewajs: Yes, generally, speaking, Tim I think you are on the right track. The way we are seeing commodities right now has been a little bit more inflation here in the first part talent of 2017 going into the first part of 2018. So, I think your analysis is right that as we think about the business over the course of the year, we are likely to see a little bit more headwind in the first half of the year and a little bit less pressure in the back half of the year as we are starting to put price into the market.
Tim Wojs: Okay. And then as I look at kind of the segment growth ranges that you gave for the year, it kind of adds up to maybe five, maybe a little bit higher in terms of organic growth for 18, is there a way that you could parse out volume and price or I guess would you be willing up to parse out that volume and price might be as a component to that?
Keith Allman: Yes. The way we look at Tim is if you split those two apart volume will be the heavy majority of that with a little bit of price. This is the way we are thinking about it right now.
Tim Wojs: Okay, great. Good luck on 18. Thanks.
Keith Allman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Eisen from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Eisen: Good morning, just wanted to follow-up on some of the Kichler questions, if I am looking at your guidance for next year, it seems like it implies a high single-digit to low double-digit growth rate for this business, you talked about some of the operating benefits that you get through the Masco operating system, but can you maybe talk about where you guys have strength that is going to help accelerate top line growth over the mid single-digit levels do you guys talk to for the lighting industry?
John Sznewajs: So Michael, good morning, as we think about growth for this business, we do think its in that mid single-digit range. So perhaps we can work with you offline on getting some better clarity on that. But as we look at this business, its a nice solid growth and very much in line with the core of our other businesses.
Keith Allman: And I would say that as we look at that Kichler and lighting, it has demonstrated historically the ability to get price somewhat I would say commensurate with commodity changes, so we like that part of it. So there is a little bit of an attribute there in terms of the growth. We have nice overlap and understand significant number of their challenges or their channels. We think we can bring value as it relates to plumbing showrooms and matching finishes and coordinated suites and those sorts of things that can help the top line as well, but fundamentally looking at a mid single-digit growth rate.
Michael Eisen: Got it. Very helpful. And then just following up quick question on pain as you guys are continuing to spend more on growing the pro channel and you guys are having great success here, can you talk to may be about what the price margin differential is and how we should think about long-term incremental margins from the paint business?
Keith Allman: Really  we really dont as you know get into specifics as it relates to pricing as so much of our business is tied to one partner. I would tell you that in terms of the top line growth rate, taking out the effective Kichler, we are looking at very close to what we talked about at the Investor Day that 4% to 6% growth range for 2018 with maybe some modest amount of erosion to the core business, a little bit of price commodity headwinds. We are anticipating of course we have talked about that additional investment. And then that headwind if you will is offset by the strong incrementals we have on the growth rates. So all-in, from a core perspective leaving Kichler out for a minute, we are looking at modest erosions of the core, I would say less erosion that we saw last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [indiscernible] for Nishu. Can you talk a little bit about project delays and any labor issues you are seeing in the cabinet business?
Keith Allman: There is  in parts of the country we are seeing some issues with finding installers that would tell you that principally where the labor concerns are more on the new construction side that when you look at the strength of our R&R business, how we are doing in big box retail, the fact that we are achieving some significant growth and nice growth with our KraftMaid, which is repair and remodeling. I would say that thats hasnt been a significant issue for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you. And also do you anticipate any pushback from the big box retailers and builders comes to price increases from inflation and I am asking that given the jumping profits that you got with the recent tax cuts, do you anticipate any pushback?
Keith Allman: For us, its really about bringing value to each one of our distribution and customer partners and that value is different based on some of the different channels that we serve, but fundamentally it comes down to brand, innovation and customer service and that plays across trade, retail and online and thats where we are focused. And when you look over the long-term, our relationship to price commodity has remained flush, now there is some leads and some lags as commodity cycle up and cycle down, but fundamentally, we have demonstrated that our brand innovation and service proposition enables us to make up, if you will, for commodity fluctuations.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright. Thank you.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Wood from Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Michael Wood: Hi, good morning. At the time of the Kichler announcement, you have mentioned the fragmented nature of that market. I am just curious how you are running this business internally and how are you thinking about the opportunity to consolidate that market?
Keith Allman: We are not running the business internally yet. We have to close on it. So, that will come. It is, I would say, more fragmented than our base business when you think about the top five competitors making up less than 50% of their market that we are addressing and going after. So, we think that bodes well in terms of our thoughts process on consolidation that certainly could be an opportunity for us in the future, but we are going to be focused on integrating Kichler and helping them become part of the Masco portfolio as effectively as possible helping to drive our top and bottom line synergies and working very hard to learn from them. They have got a great system down there. So we are looking forward to running this business and helping this business be all it could be in terms of what could happen down the road, we will see.
John Sznewajs: Mike, while we are on Kichler I just want to clarify some prior comments that were made around Kichler and just so everyone is clear, the $35 million inventory step-up impacts us in the first 6 months following the transaction. I think there is  it sounded as if there might be some confusion on that and I just want to make certain that, thats clear to everyone as to how that hits us. I should also say in the fourth quarter, we incurred about $3 million to $4 million of transaction-related expenses in the Decorative Architectural segment related to the Kichler transaction.
Michael Wood: Got it. And just shifting gears on the DIY gallon growth looked relatively strong in the fourth quarter, specifically better than many of your peers reported in that segment. What are you attributing that outperformance to, is it channel specific and is that something you think that could continue into 2018?
Keith Allman: I think its a combination of the work, great job that the Home Depot is doing and a combination of the great work that we are doing with regards to the brand and what we call winning with engagement. We know the formula that it takes to convert foot traffic into paint sales and that focus together with our strong brand and price point coverage and innovation and all those things that BEHR stands for has really been driving it. I am not ready to call that there has been a huge shift in the DIY market at this point, I think there will be some good low to mid single-digit growth in DIY next year and we are happy and thrilled that we have been able to take share in this market and we anticipate continuing to do that both on the DIY front as well as the PRO area, which is going very well for us.
John Sznewajs: Mike, just one further clarification, I just misspoke a second ago $3 million to $4 million of transaction expenses sold through general corporate expense not the segment.
Michael Wood: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo from Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one I guess would be on the additional pro paint investment at Home Depot. Can you help us understand is this largely employee-related, is it existing stores, is it new stores and whats your anticipation of the level of revenue that this could support maybe in 2018 and 2019?
Keith Allman: Yes, it is people. Its a similar addition and similar thought process to what we did last year both in terms of rationale, how we are doing it and the size of it. It will be a combination of some incremental hub stores as well as some additional staffing in existing hub store areas with regards to outside pro rep. So by and large I think of it very similar to what we did last year and they will be their employees. In terms of the impact and what we expect to see from this we are planning on continued strong growth in pro planning on share gains and this is all factored into what we have talked about in that 4% to 6% growth rate in the core business.
John Lovallo: Okay, thats helpful. And then moving on in terms of your UK businesses, if I am not mistaken the only business thats what there is the UK windows business, is this something that you would consider strategic alternatives for?
John Sznewajs: So John just to clarify, we do have two businesses in the UK at this time. We got Bristan, which is actually the leading shower and faucet business in the UK and really UK window business as well. And I think as we do have portfolio review on a very regular basis. And at this point in time there are no further divestitures planned, so at this point it is core of the portfolio.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samuel Eisner from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Samuel Eisner: Yes. Good morning guys. Thanks for taking me on. The  just going back to your 2018 guidance, you are basically guiding to $0.60 of EPS growth, about $0.40 of that $0.60, two-thirds is coming from tax and buyback and the remainder from organic growth in Kichler, so I want to better understand how much is Kichler on an EPS basis adding to 2018 and also any details you can provide on what you paid multiple dollar amount for Kichler would be great?
Keith Allman: So Samuel, I cant think about it, maybe a little bit differently than the way you are thinking about it is if I apply the new 26% tax rate to our 2017 performance that would equate to roughly $2.20 a share, up from the $1.94 and so if you think about the midpoint of our guidance roughly $2.57, $2.58 that implies a roughly 16%, 17% EPS growth. So Kichler will not be a dramatic impact to that. In terms of second part of your question in terms of price paid, multiple paid, etcetera, we are not disclosing that information at this time other than that obviously we have disclosed the $550 million of price, but multiples, I can tell you is below the company multiple that we are paying.
Samuel Eisner: Got it. So said in another way, your EPS estimate or guidance for next year does not include much in the way of Kichler at the moment?
Keith Allman: Yes. Just we are on the company. We dont know exactly when we are closing. We gave you and it assumes that we are operating the business for the last nine months of the year.
Samuel Eisner: Got it. And then given the fact that you guys are out there with this $2.50 number that was given back in the 2017 Analyst Day, since we are talking about future expectations, I am wondering if you want to attack that number and kind of give any update to it?
Keith Allman: Yes. I think the best way to look at that one, Sam, I am willing to doing it on a tax adjusted basis without the impact to Kichler, because we hadnt really gone through the  we havent had the opportunity to go through a planning cycle with the Kichler team. So on a tax adjusted basis alone that $2.50 goes to $2.83.
Samuel Eisner: Helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Thanks also for fitting me in. First, just wanted to go back to the windows business for a moment and obviously a huge turnaround there throughout the year, but in the fourth quarter maybe a slight step back due to some of the challenges that you mentioned, you are still expecting margin improvement in 2018, but maybe fallen short of the 10 to 13, which I think most people would not have expected that to be reached in 18, but I was hoping to get a little bit better understanding of how you are thinking about the improvement of that business throughout the year, do you expect some of the challenges that you saw in 4Q to persist in the first couple of quarters and for following that for it to be a ramp or any thoughts around the cadence there just given the pullback in margin in 4Q?
Keith Allman: Well, Michael, the fourth quarter profit was impacted by the Arrow divestiture and the increased variable expenses that we had primarily around higher bonuses and that sort of thing. We had some softness in the UK operations that we have talked about. So, thats kind of a thumbnail sketch of some of the headwinds in the fourth quarter. What I really was impressed with through this turnaround is that we were able to maintain very solid growth during a turnaround. My experience is that typically that doesnt happen, you focus on the margin and you get the business right, then you start to grow. So I feel good about our growth prospects and thats why you we are looking at sales for 18 in that range of 6% to 8%. So, we expect the sales to continue to grow. We will have good dropdown on that volume, but we are also continuing as we have highlighted in past couple of calls, ERP investments into this segment. Those ERP investments are going very well. We have just launched our largest plant last quarter and it went fabulously. So thats another good sign for this business. So, I like our prospects for 18 and we are off to a good start.
Michael Rehaut: Great. Thank you for that, Keith. And I guess just also apologies to maybe beat a dead horse here, but I just want to make sure I am thinking about it right on Kichler with the accretion. John, in the press release obviously, you said that the EPS guidance range includes some accretion from that acquisition and kind of just running the numbers roughly we are getting  working off of the low double-digit margins that you had alluded to earlier or mentioned earlier John, kind of implies like a 10%, 12%  $0.10 to $0.12 per share accretive impact for 2018, if you just run in the like three quarters of sales against that type of margin and tax effect that are we thinking about that right, because I think there is a little bit of confusion around what Kichler is contributing to the bottom line?
KeithAllman: Yes, I think Mike here that the math that you just outlined pretty much holds. The one thing that may not be as clear as that intangible amortization that hits us the first couple of years may suppress that low double-digit margin just a little bit. So, that might be the offset that you are not picking up.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. Maybe we can follow-up offline on that. I would appreciate it.
KeithAllman: Sure. Why dont we do that, Mike.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks.
Operator: Our final question for today comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen Kim: Yes, thanks very much guys and thanks for all the detail. I just wanted to clarify one thing here if I could. I think you had mentioned hurricanes last quarter as being something that impacted all three of your major businesses. I caught that I think you said that there was a $6 million benefit in your coatings business. Could you maybe indicate  did you see any other effects in either plumbing or cabinets and is there anything other than the push-out from 3Q that you feel you recognized in 4Q, we have gotten to the point where you have actually seen any kind of incremental benefit as a result of the actual damage leading to incremental work?
KeithAllman: So, Stephen, as we think about it, I think you had the $6 million in paint, in cabinetry, we had a little bit of a headwind to the top line to the tune of maybe about $5 million in the fourth quarter.
Stephen Kim: Okay.
KeithAllman: We expect to see the benefit in cabinetry really play out in the first half of 2018, because as we consider the build cycle and as homes get repaired, cabinets is one of the last things that gets set in those projects as if to do a lot more work first. So, thats why we think about cabinet. Plumbing there may have been a very modest benefit, but in the fourth quarter, but again we expect that to play out in the first part of 2018, but its only a couple of million dollars, but not a significant impact in the Plumbing segment.
Stephen Kim: Got it. Okay, thats helpful. And then if I could I think you mentioned for the Kichler business that the lighting category overall is very fragmented I think for the top 5 at less than 10% share. I mean, this seems to suggest that the industry hasnt really discovered what the core competency is that leads to meaningful competitive advantage in the industry? And so I guess I am wondering in your view, do you think Kichler has now arrived at the answer to whats going to drive that kind of advantage in the industry or is it your intention to bring that to the industry and to Kichler?
John Sznewajs: I would tell you, Stephen, at the top 5, theres about 50%, not 10% that would be hyper-fragmentation, so its top 5 at 50 versus what we made just typically see is a top 5 more in that 70 to 80 range. So its not that there arent big players, what we like about Kichler is that it is one of the big players in the industry. Its clearly one of the players that has the strongest brand and the strongest customer relationships. They play over a broad swath of what I would call the middle-market. If you think about Stephen, Delta Faucet company and that positioning thats kind of the meet of where Kichler is, Kichler reminds me a lot in a lot of ways of Delta. In terms of the secret sauce to really making this home, do they know what I think they do, because they are focused on product-centric customer service and our goal of what we will do is bring value through them through the Masco operating system and what we know about the channels and I fully expect them to bring value to us. Its a good company with a good culture and we are lucky to have them.
Stephen Kim: Excellent. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: I will now turn the call back to the presenters for closing remarks.
Keith Allman: Well, thank you everyone for your time. I know the dialogue upfront was longer than we like to have. We like to allow more times for questions and answers. So year end, there is a lot of moving parts here and I look forward to one-on-one conversation, so we can make sure that we are absolutely clear and transparent about our expectations and where we expect those to come from. Thanks a lot. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Chaika - VP, Treasurer and IR Keith Allman - President and CEO John Sznewajs - VP and CFO
Analysts: Chris Counihan - Credit Suisse Michael Wood - Nomura Instinet Mike Dahl - Barclays Keith Hughes - SunTrust John Lovallo - Bank of America Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Trey Morrish - Evercore ISI Neal BasuMullick - JPMorgan Megan McGrath - MKM Partners Alex Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets Phillip Ng - Jefferies Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets Truman Patterson - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporations Third Quarter Conference Call. My name is Amy, and I will be your operator for todays call. As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer, and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika: Thank you, Amy, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2017 third quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Mascos Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analysts questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow up. If we cant take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and Other Disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial measures. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconciled these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, Ill now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Youll have to excuse my voice, I am suffering from a classic Midwestern head cold here where OUR temperatures have been between 40 and 80 degrees depending on the day. Please turn to Slide 4. In the third quarter we continue to invest in our business, while driving profitable growth. Our top line increased 2%, excluding the favorable impact of currency, driven by solid growth in our Plumbing and Decorative Architectural segments. Excluding the divestiture of Arrow Fastener, our top line grew 4% or 3% in local currency. Our operating margin increased 60 basis points to 15.3% largely driven by the quick turnaround in our North American Window business. Earnings per share grew 22% to $0.50 per common share, demonstrating once again Masco's ability to convert solid sales growth into even better earnings per share growth through operating leverage, cost improvements and disciplined capital allocation. As you all know, there were significant natural disasters that impacted North America during the quarter, particularly in Houston, areas throughout the state of Florida and Puerto Rico. As a result, we were negatively impacted in the quarter as consumers, customers and builders alike focused on preparing for and cleaning up after these storms and not on building new homes or re-modeling their existing homes. Our thoughts go out to all those impacted and we expect that there will be some ongoing challenges in these areas. But rebuilding efforts should be a net positive for our business in 2018. I'd also like to thank our suppliers, particularly those who support our coatings business for all their efforts to keep us supplied, which in turn enabled us to serve our customers during these difficult events. Despite these challenges, we achieved our 24th consecutive quarter of sales and operating profit growth. Let me give you some additional insights into the drivers behind each of our segments performance. Beginning with Plumbing. In North America our trade business continued to be strong, as we gain share with our high end showroom products and saw a strong growth in eCommerce sales across both pure-play online retailers and our omni channel partners. I'm also proud to say that for the third year in a row Delta Faucet Company was awarded the U.S. EPA's WaterSense Sustained Excellence Award, the highest partner recognition for continued outstanding efforts to help advance the WaterSense program and water efficiency. Congratulations to the entire Delta team for its focus on developing innovative kitchen and bath solutions to help conserve water without sacrificing performance. Internationally, Hansgrohe drove significant growth in its focused markets and saw strength in its primary market of Germany, as well as the rest of Central Europe and China. In our Decorative Architectural segment, our paint business continues to perform well. Our Pro Paint sales grew at a double-digit pace and we believe we are positioned to outperform the DIY market with our powerful BEHR brand, its outstanding product quality and service ratings and our strong channel partner, the Home Depot. Additionally, we achieved strong sales growth in our Liberty Hardware business from our innovative shower door program and from our eCommerce business. In our Cabinetry segment, our KraftMaid brand drove double-digit growth across its retail and dealer channels, with its strong brand recognition and our continued focus on our growth initiatives. Our new KraftMaid product launch consisting of on trend finishes and innovative products that enhance the functionality of consumers kitchens and baths will continue this momentum. Offsetting the strong growth was weakness in our UK cabinet operation and softness with our US builder customers some of which was due to the impact of the hurricanes, which delayed deliveries and installation schedules. In our Windows segment sales grew 9% excluding the divestiture of Arrow Fastener. Profits increased $33 million, driven by the absence of last year's warranty adjustment, as well as Milgard strong brand, pricing power and other operational improvements. I'm very pleased with this rapid turnaround and as I shared with you previously, I remain confident that we will achieve mid single digit operating margins for the full year in this segment, a substantial improvement over 2016. We also continued our share repurchase activity in the quarter by buying back 4 million shares and returning approximately $210 million in share buybacks and dividends to our shareholders. Lastly, on our prior earnings call we updated our 2017 target for earnings per share to be in the range of a $1.93 to $2. Based on our results through the third quarter and the impact of the hurricanes on our business in the second half of the year, and the good start we're seeing in October, we now expect our 2017 earnings per share to be in the range of in $1. 93 to $1.97. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in more detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning the Slide 6, our performance resulted in solid growth in both our top and bottom line. The third quarter of 2017 was our 24th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and operating profit growth. On a reported basis sales increased 3% or 2% in local currency and when accounting for the Arrow divestiture, sales increase 4% or 3% in local currency. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted on third quarter revenues by approximately $15 million, as the euro strengthened against the US dollar. North American sales increase 2% or 3% x-Arrow due to the demand for our repair and remodeling products across all channels of distribution and across the price continuum, as we continued to experience strong consumer demand for our better and best product offerings, particularly our KraftMaid, Milgard and Delta a higher and showroom product. As Keith mentioned, our Q3 results were adversely impacted by the devastating hurricanes in Texas, Florida in Puerto Rico. We estimate the revenue impact of these storms for the full year will be approximately $20 million, approximately $15 million in the third quarter split nearly evenly between the Plumbing, Decorative Architectural and Cabinetry segments and a $5 million in the fourth quarter that we expect will largely impact the Cabinetry segment. International sales increased 4% in local currency, as each of our international Plumbing businesses continue to drive growth. Gross margins expanded approximately 70 basis points compared to the third quarter of last year to 33.6%, largely due to the improvement of our North American Windows business. Our SG&A as a percent of sales matched prior year at 18.3% as we continue to leverage our volume, while making strategic investments to drive profitable growth. We delivered solid bottom line performance, as operating income increased 8% to $296 million with the operating margins expanding 60 basis points to 15.3%. And our EPS $0.50 in the quarter, an improvement of 22% compared to the third quarter of 2016. Turning to Slide 7, our Plumbing segment continues to deliver strong results. Segment sales increased 6% and excluding the impact of currency increased 4%. This solid performance was driven by growth in our faucet, shower and spa businesses. Foreign currency transition favorably impacted this segment sales by approximately $13 million in the quarter. Our North American sales grew 4% in the third quarter, as we experienced strong consumer driven demand from industry leading brands, with wholesale, large retail and dealer customers. Our international Plumbing sales increased 6% in local currency. Hansgrohe continues to benefit from investments in brand, design and innovation. These investments, along with their focus on growing in key markets is yielding results and they experience strong double-digit growth in both Germany and China. Operating profit for the segment decreased 2% in the quarter, as the strong drop through on incremental volume was more than offset by approximately $10 million of increased strategic growth investments in other variable expenses. Turning to Slide 8, the Decorative Architectural product segment grew 3%. This performance was driven by another quarter of strong double-digit growth of our BEHR PRO initiative. We believe this segment will be the quickest to recover from the hurricanes as we are experiencing strong orders for our primers and interior paint in the affected areas. Liberty Hardware also contributed to topline performance, as it continues to benefit from the expansion and growth in it - of its innovative shower door program and in the eCommerce channel. As we mentioned in our second quarter call, Liberty continues to win new retail programs. It was awarded an expanded cabinet hardware program. This program was originally planned to set in the third quarter and now will be set in the fourth quarter. We anticipate spending approximately $8 million in reset costs in the fourth quarter on this program. In the segment operating income in the third quarter decreased $7 million, driven by an unfavorable price-to-commodity relationship as we discussed last quarter. We believe that the third quarter experienced the greatest impact of increased input cost and we expect this relationship to improve as we go into the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 9. In the Cabinetry segment sales declined 4%. This is principally due to additional loss builder business in both the United States and in the UK. Our repair remodel business continues to perform well in the quarter. KraftMaid had solid performance in the home center and dealer channels, delivering double-digit growth through increased volume. Segment profitability declined in the third quarter by $1 million, driven by reduced volume and the incremental cost of approximately $6 million. And we mentioned at our second quarter call, related to the anti-dumping duties and countervailing tariffs on imported Chinese plywood and the new KraftMaid product launches, we have mitigated the impact of these duties through supply chain and other initiatives, do not anticipate them to have a material impact going forward. Turning to Slide 10. Our Windows segment sales matched the third quarter of 2016, excluding the divestiture of ARROW Fasteners sales grew 9%. This strong performance was driven by growth in Milgard, our leading Western U.S. Window business which grew 12% in the quarter. Milgard's strong growth was due to favorable pricing, increased volume and a favorable mix shift toward our premium window and door products. Segment profitability in the quarter increased $33 million over the prior year, driven by the lapping of last years warranty expense, favorable pricing and cost savings initiatives. We are extremely pleased with the rapid progress that the team has made on Milgard's turnaround and an improved result delivered in 2017. As a reminder, our fourth quarter sales and operating profit will be impacted by approximately $18 million and $5 million respectively, due to our sale of Arrow Fastener and as we mentioned on last quarter's earnings call, we expect to receive topline growth and mid-single digit margins in the segment the full year despite the sale of Arrow. And turning to Slide 11, ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion of balance sheet liquidity. Working capital as a percent of sales increased 140 basis points versus prior year to 14.3% principally due to higher inventory to support our growth in new program wins. We believe we will have this inventory work down to a more normalized level by the end of the year. And during the third quarter, we continued our focus on shareholder value creation and repurchasing approximately 4 million shares valued at approximately $178 million. And with that, I'll turn  now turn the call back over to Keith. Keith Allman Thank you, John. I am pleased with the third quarter results, and with the progress we have made driving our growth initiatives that we outlined in May. We continue to invest in our Plumbing business and enjoy strong global growth as a result. In our Architectural - Decorative Architectural business we continue to extend our DIY paint leadership and gain share in the PRO market, while leveraging our Liberty Hardware business. In our Cabinet business, we are pleased with the progress of our KraftMaid dealer initiatives and our new product introductions both of which will drive profitable growth. And finally, our turnaround with the Windows business has been exceptional. The fundamentals driving our business are strong, demographics, namely the large millennial group are increasingly favorable and should drive household formation and housing for years to come. Home prices are appreciating, up over 5% year-over-year, boosting consumers confidence to invest in their home. Housing turnover, a leading indicator for our business is at a healthy annualized pace of 5.4 million units. And US residential housing stock is aging, a key driver of repair and remodel spending with 70% of homes in US now over 25 years old, an increase of more than 19 million units in the past 10 years. We remain committed to investing behind our brands for growth, developing innovative products to ensure we maintain our must have position with our customers. Focusing on operational excellence through our continued deployment of the Masco operating system and finally balancing our capital allocation between acquisitions with the right strategic fit and earns share buybacks and dividends. Our operational execution, coupled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provides us with multiple levers to continue to drive shareholder value and outperform the industry. Nearly three years ago, we committed to doubling earnings per share from $0.88 in 2014 to a $1.80 in 2017. I'm proud of our team and the fact that we will exceed this target. Looking forward, we are committed to achieving our 2019 earnings per share target of $2.50 that we set at our Investor Day in May. With that, I'll open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Credit Suisse. Susan, your line is open.
Chris Counihan: Hi. This is Chris Counihan on for Susan. I was just hoping you could provide some additional color on some of the margin pressure you're seeing in that Paint and Plumbing's segment. How much of that was input cost driven versus price mix?
John Sznewajs: Yes. So Stephen we did see some commodity inflation, Chris I should say, I'm sorry. We should see some commodity inflation - we did see some comedy inflation in both those segments in the quarter and to do [ph] we share that on our second quarter call.
.: At the same time you know, some of the strategic investments that we incurred, some incremental display in advertising cost as we are now nationally resetting our displays in our dealer customers across the United States and we probably - you know, we - what we decided to do was pull forward some of that expense, we were going in a fairly modest clip and given the strength of the plumbing unit it has been seeing we thought we would accelerate some of that spend. So you'll see some of that hit in the third quarter and youll also see some of that hit in the fourth quarter. I'd say probably $5 million of incremental spend related to that display set - those displays being set in the third quarter maybe 5 to 10 in the fourth quarter as well. So as we accelerate some of that spend. On the paint side you know, we did see some raw material inflation and as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we do think that we were most impacted by the price commodity relationship in the third quarter and going forward that should ease a little bit going into the fourth quarter and beyond.
Chris Counihan: Got it. Thanks. And then my second question is on cabinets, I know you said there would be additional spill over into 4Q, you know it was - it would be isolated to the cabinet segment. I was wondering if you provide some color on you know, why that segment is experiencing that spill over and not the rest?
John Sznewajs: Yeah. So the reason they became its  the Cabinets segment is experiencing spill over from the hurricane impact is, if you think about the way the projects work, the cabinets are one of the last things to get set when home is really - you know, is been damaged and it gets rebuilt. So they have to go through flooring, electrical plumbing, drywall paint and all that other before people set their cabinets. And so there is going to be a little bit of headwind in cabinetry going into Q4. But as we go into 2018 we do expect that we should see some tailwinds broadly across all of our product categories, as a result of the rebuilding efforts in Texas and in Florida.
Chris Counihan: Thank you. Its very helpful.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Wood from Nomura Instinet. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Wood: Hi, good morning. First, just on the paint price cost you know, paint traditionally very disciplined end market, although demand there also tends to be relatively less cyclical because of the maintenance piece. Do you think there's any change or could there be any change in discipline in that industry just given you know, the ongoing softness that you're seeing in the DIY gallon growth. And if you could provide that that growth would be helpful?
John Sznewajs: Good morning, Mike. Its John. Yeah, so in terms of what we saw on DIY gallon go to it was down just modestly, as we indicated our Pro business was up double-digits. You know, in terms of your first question around pricing discipline within the industry you know, we don't expect any change in that dynamic going forward. You know I - everyone - I can't speak for everyone else, but just given how we look at our  and serving our major customer we're very focused on supporting their strategy of both serving the DIY consumer with the best experience, the best quality of paint and the best service in the industry, as well as really growing our share with the Pro. So we see no change in that dynamic whatsoever.
Michael Wood: Okay. Great. And thanks for the color on the plumbing strategic spend. Can you also give us some details on the decorative hardware set up what delayed that from third quarter in the fourth quarter? Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Yes. So we're going to start that program with one of the large retailers and as expect you know, we were largely expect to set that in September and with the storms impacting you know, a big part of the country, they just elected to delay that a couple of weeks, so nothing significant there.
Michael Wood: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with Barclays. Mike, your line is open.
Mike Dahl: Thanks for taking my questions. John just a follow up on the detail around the plumbing spend in particular on the display resets. Could you just give us a little more detail on how that was originally set to play out over what time period? And I guess thinking forward into 2018 then should we expect incremental cost to continue or is this kind of pulling in $10 million or so into 17 that would have otherwise been in 18?
Keith Allman: Mike, we did post some expense, I think it will be a multi-quarter impact. So you know, so we are pulling some expense out of early 18 and into 17 for both Q3 and Q4. But we will continue to have some of those resets going into 2018 as well. So we do expect the impact can be a little bit more modest in 2018 than it was in the back half of 2017.
John Sznewajs: The reason we're accelerating this investment Mike is because it's working for us, I don't know if you've had a chance to get out to the market and see some of our dealers and our showrooms, but fundamentally these are the best displays that are out there. We're displaying our showering program more - more strongly. We've gained additional, I think its two to three linear feet in these displays as we lay them out and our customers in the showrooms are seeing good return on those investments. So that's the reason why we're so bullish on this investment because the initial sets are performing so well.
Mike Dahl: Okay, great. That's helpful. And my second question is going back to the paint side and the commentary around how 3Q should really be the peak of the pressures, I guess just given the given the inflation that you're seeing in some of the raws there. Can you give us more detail on kind of what related to your pricing strategy or areas of cost reduction specifically are giving you the confidence that you know you'll recoup some of these margin headwinds as we get through the next several months?
Keith Allman: Mike, this is Keith. As you know, given the concentration with one customer we don't go into specifics on price. We work in terms of cost avoidance. We work hand in glove with our suppliers, those same suppliers that really help us out during the hurricanes. We have great relationships with them. They help us win and we help them win. So together it's a good team. So we're constantly looking at value in the can and we're by demonstrated performance have really walked a nice line there and keeping the quality in the can, while trying to be as competitive as we can and giving the consumer what they need. In terms of price commodity, you know, over time the prices ebb and flow and we tend to get commodities, get price rather and get price commensurate with that flow. There's always some lag, particularly when commodities accelerate really quickly. There'll be more of a pronounced lag. But over time we tend to remain flush with regards to price commodity and that's what we expect going forward.
Mike Dahl: All right. Thanks, Keith. Good luck in 4Q.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Keith, your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. First question back to the Decorative Architectural products, in the fourth quarter 16 there is a pretty heavily promotional spend, is about $15 million, will that reoccur in the fourth quarter of 17?
Keith Allman: At this point, Keith we're expecting a little bit of promotional activity, but probably will not be as intense as it was in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Keith Hughes: Given that will that allow margins to rise in that segment with  as you talk about contemplated with the price/cost pressures?
Keith Allman: Yeah. So you know, I think Keith there are a couple of things to keep in mind there, right. One is that seasonally we slow down into the fourth quarter and obviously you know
Keith Hughes: Given the
Keith Allman: I am sorry
Keith Hughes: I am referring to
Keith Allman: Got you. So you know, as I think about it you know, we all have a little bit of headwind only because the $8 million spend that we called out for the Liberty reset. So you know make sure you factor that into your calculation. But you know, in terms of the margins other than that, I think, I'm just trying to think of where we were in the fourth quarter of 2016, margins will be slightly up I think from that point.
Keith Hughes: Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Keith, if it helps in paint, we really haven't changed our outlook from last quarter where we talked about for the full year mid-single digit growth and modest margin erosion.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And just one other quick one within the cabinet weakness you saw in the US builder business, is that fire related or hurricane or are we still in the process of getting out of some builder business that is just really not where you want to be?
Keith Allman: Well, clearly the hurricane was a big piece of it. When you look at our builder direct concentration in branches that where we have them, we have them in Denver, Texas and Florida. So two thirds of our footprint was pretty well devastated. So that was a significant piece of it, but it wasn't all of it. We're continuing to drive price into that builder channel. We want to have this build and we will have this segment profitable for us and when we do that we don't always win those re-bids when we go back with price and there was a little bit of that. We had a little bit of builder consolidation that created some headwind for us and we'll create a little bit of headwind going forward for the next couple of quarters. But fundamentally it was a combination of the pricing actions that we've taken a little bit of hit from the builder consolidation and the hurricane.
Keith Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America. John, your line is open.
John Lovallo: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. The first question I guess is that your largest partner has initiated an advertising campaigns supporting competitors you know, Pro coatings product. Can you maybe - just give us an update on your thoughts on that and how you see that going forward?
Keith Allman: I'll tell you, John we haven't really lost any shelf space with our Behr products. Our relationship with Depot is very strong and we're joined at the proverbial hip with both DIY and Pro market share initiatives that we have. It's a great position to be in when we have the best brand in terms of where the best quality is verified by third party folks, the best service verified the same way and the most compelling proposition on the shelf in terms of how we commercialize it. And we have all these great stories that are out there. So we've had obviously Depot offers many brands process across  as product categories they want consumers to have the choice and we're confident in our product offering and we expect to continue to win.
John Sznewajs: I'd also say John that you know, you know they are equally advertising our product as well in the marketplace, its not just solely. So there's a great partnership on the advertising side with Home Depot on that front as well.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thanks, guys. And then it seems like some of the industry data for cabinet has been a little bit softer than we expected at least. Is there any reason in your view why it's sort of underperforming the overall R&R business?
Keith Allman: Yeah. John, I think there is a couple of things that we can point to, on that front, you're right the data has been a little bit choppy and a little bit soft. You know, what we are seeing, I think are two things. One, we're seeing not that we participate in this part of the category, but the very high end, the custom part of the market we are definitely seeing softness or at least the data suggests that there was softness in the very high end of the market. So I think that's one component of it. I think the second component of it may just be instillation labor - that while we're seeing good demand across our dealer customers and in the retail channel for our KraftMaid products you know, we are hearing pockets of the country where demand is strong enough where your product is simply delayed because you cant get the installation labor to install the products.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank. Nishu, your line is open.
Nishu Sood: Thank you. Going back to the hurricane impact, a lot of investors are looking past the you know kind of current weakness and anticipating, you know, the positive tailwind you might get from rebuilding which you mentioned. Houston seems to be pretty well along you know kind of rebounding, recovering from the immediate impact. On the ground, how is that showing up for you folks. Are there any early indications that you're seeing. You know, what kind of impact you know, the tailwind you might see from the rebuilding efforts there?
Keith Allman: Yeah, you're right. We're seeing the same effect. We do see Houston recovering a little bit faster than the Florida markets at this point. We principally think thats due to the nature of the weather where it was localized flooding versus kind of widespread in both rain and wind damage in the state of Florida. So early indications what are we seeing, right, so we are starting to see in particular strong orders for our paint and primer products, which is what we would expect following the storm and we've seen that after other natural disasters as people look to repaint their home, they need to prime it with our Kilz primers. So you know, that's a - you know that's the first sign and so this is going just as expected as we've experienced following other hurricane activity. Following that should be orders for faucets and cabinets should be the last to be impacted. And as I mentioned earlier that really we don't think will be felt until 2018.
Nishu Sood: Got it. Got it. Okay. Yeah, I guess that's reflected in how you laid out the expected sales breakdown for 4Q as well. Second question, I wanted to go back to the price commodity in paint. You know, obviously you're not talking specifically price responses, but thinking about the inflection in the price commodity, you know with the disruption to the petro chem sector you know input costs, the max kind of input cost impact for Pro Paint is probably going to be in 4Q. So how should we think about that? I mean, I would have expected that you know, that would have delayed the inflection in price commodities. But it sounds like you're saying even in spite of any potential hurricane related increase in input cost you're still going to be able to see the inflection in 4Q. How do I reconcile that?
Keith Allman: Yeah. I mean, I think quite simply you know we do think that the hurricane impact and there are some very, very minor disruption with transportation and things and like that we will flow to that impact very quickly.
Nishu Sood: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line as Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates. Dennis, your line is open.
Dennis McGill: Hi, good morning. Thanks, guys. Keith, I guess just big picture on the organic growth side, I think it was 3% in the quarter, would have been 4%, I guess aside from the hurricane impact, that's kind of where the revenue growth is been in the last year and a half or so, how you think about that trend into the fourth quarter, especially what you talked about with October off to a good start, can you start to see that reaccelerate. And any thoughts on the ability to out punch that 3% to 4% range as you get into the early part of next year?
Keith Allman: I think in terms of the full year Dennis maybe it makes sense to go kind of - line by line by our commodities you know, and paying for the segments rather than in paint as we've talked about mid-single digit growth for the full year. We're still - we're still expecting to see that. In cab's which was hit harder by the hurricanes, as we described and will probably continue to get a little bit of top line hit there in the fourth quarter. We're looking at our top line maybe to be flat to down slightly in cabinets for the full year. In terms of plumbing, again mid-single digit growth for the full year. We're having strong growth. Our capacity is [Technical Difficulty] seasonal fourth quarter typically slow down for us and we're anticipating that. So for Windows we'd see mid-single digit growth is our expectation and we're confident in that. In terms of 2018, I'd really - you know, were seeing this as an extension of 17. We haven't - we still believe in the fundamentals. We're seeing good POS at the cash register for our products, particularly in paint. We're seeing good semi-custom cabinets sales and as I said the resets in our dealer and showrooms and in plumbing is very productive for us. So we're right on our Investor Day plan for 2019 and we would expect 2018 to be a continuation of the good growth that we've seen.
John Sznewajs: And Dennis, maybe just one point of clarification, specifically in the third quarter, the way we probably look at it as if you take the hurricanes out and the impact of ARROW, we're closer to 5% top line growth.
Keith Allman: Yeah.
John Sznewajs: So just you know, just the way we see it.
Dennis McGill: Okay
John Sznewajs: Not a huge inflection.
Dennis McGill: I understand. And then John just on the earnings guidance, the implied guidance in the fourth quarter, relatively wide range, but hopefully you can maybe just detail what are the puts and takes that would get you to the higher end of that range versus the lower end or the more sensitive items?
John Sznewajs: Yeah, I mean, I think there's really two things Dennis, that we see, principally one is, is just simply volume and how the fourth quarter shapes up there. I mean, that's the key driver, other than that it would be how we decide to control our expenses or put forward some expenses into the fourth quarter if we choose to do so out of 2018.
Dennis McGill: Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line o Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Stephen, your line is open.
Trey Morrish: Hey, guys. Its actually Trey on for Steve. Thanks for taking our questions. First, could you talk a little bit about how you expect your market share in terms of - at Home Depot Behr Pro. Do you expect that to eventually mirror that to what you have in terms of the DIY product at Home Depot?
Keith Allman: The way we think about our Pro initiative is really to go after about half of the Pro market here in the United States which is a significant market. It's those painters that are involved with resi repaint with maintenance and repair, apartment maintenance those sorts of things. The folks that are already in the Home Depot that's really where our value proposition ring. So we continue with the kind of double-digit growth that we've seen and to attack that specific segment.
Trey Morrish: Got you. And then could you turn back to cabinets. Is there any additional abandonment that happened 3Q from builder business you just walked away from excluding that consolidation that happened? Also was there any incremental promotional activity going on cabinet?
Keith Allman: The promotional activity in cabman's was pretty consistent and we haven't really seen much of a change from where it's been the last couple of quarters. In terms of the builder business there was a concentration on a couple of those builders that were affected with consolidation. A little bit from the price increases that we put into the market and then of course the hurricanes.
Trey Morrish: All right. Thanks. Appreciate it guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Michael, your line is open.
Neal BasuMullick: Hey, this is Neal BasuMullick for Mike. I guess for someone to ask a bit on the turnaround in Windows. How much do you see as your efforts are sort of ahead of schedule you know, the ERP rollout and Milgard share gains recently?  I guess you know where are you in the turnaround given the solid performance and you know are there any bottlenecks you pointed out labor or otherwise that you're seeing kind of coming up?
Keith Allman: I would tell you and I did mention it on a prior call that I expected this turnaround to be relatively quick. And the reason for that is because our value proposition is really clear to us and it's clear to our customers in terms of lead times, delivery and fill rates. And we had a line of sight with regards to the improvements that we had planned to get those lead times down into industry leading levels and we've done that and the demand bounced back quite quickly. By and large this is a business that our dealers bid on a sheet by sheet basis, meaning they get a job and they bid it and then they win or lose and oftentimes the delivery as you might expect, the delivery time is a key driver doing that. So we expected it to be a relatively quick turnaround, but having said that, I would tell you it's been faster than I expected. So I'm pleased with that. Neal what was your follow up question?
Neal BasuMullick: On
Keith Allman: On capacity. I apologize and capacity, you know, and then we've talked about the labor market in the northwest and in California being tight. It continues to be tight. I will tell you however that the operational improvements that we've made have really helped out in this regard. We've talked about what was it just 12% growth in the Milgard - Milgard in the quarter and we have close to record lead times and fill rates during that significant period of growth. I like where we're at in capacity, but as always it's always something we have to work on both in terms of getting folks in the door and then also turnover in those less than 90 days. But the permits we've made go a long way to helping with that.
Neal BasuMullick: Okay. Great, Keith. Thats all from me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Megan McGrath with MKM Partners. Megan, your line is open.
Megan McGrath: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe a couple of more bigger picture questions or higher level questions. In terms of cabinets, it looks like you know X the hurricanes sales down around 2%. You know, it's your seventh quarter of declining sales year-over-year. And I understand that you know, being very focused on price and profitability. You know given what you saw in the quarter regarding that and your negotiations like when would you expect this segment to start seeing some flattening out at least in the revenue base as we go forward?
John Sznewajs: You know, we've talked about our long-term view on cabinets to be in that 5% to 7% growth range and the 13% to 15% margin. Certainly we're going to start to get and move in that direction in 2018. We're focused on the margin improvements particularly in the builder segment and then in the repair and remodeling our new product introductions on both KraftMaid and Merillat are performing well. So we expect to continue to march towards that 5% to 7% growth and 13% to 15% margin that we called out on our Investor Day.
Megan McGrath: Okay. And then in paint, you know, you gave your sort of estimate for gallon growth in the quarter which is down a little bit and at the beginning you talked about you know, the positives we're seeing in terms of repairing model and you know house prices and things like that. Just generally speaking you know, we've seen kind of lackluster gallon growth for the industry you know for quite some time now. What do you think is driving that given the positives we're seeing in terms of the macro fundamentals?
Keith Allman: Well, I think there is a number of things and there's a lot of people who have talked about this. The demographics I think plays a piece in it where millennials tend to be more of a do it for me rather than do it yourself. There has been a significant up few years in terms of renters as a percent of household formations versus owners and renters tend to paint less and then the products are getting better when code coverage, you know, a lot a lot more of our colors which requires fewer gallons if you go way back to paint primer and one that's a piece of it. I will tell you that our belief is that as these millennials start to get into forming families that I think that discretionary money has to make a big difference you know, if you're going to look at the cost to have someone paint your house versus you painting yourself on a weekend, I think that's going to start the scales as we see more formations from the millennials. So fundamentally when we look at the numbers that we look at to peg the market for DIY paint, we think it's going to start to come back.
John Sznewajs: Megan, and as you look at you know our sales count on a combined basis DIY and Pro. Ill tell you we were up low single digits in the quarter on a gallon basis. So overall feel pretty good about how were performing.
Megan McGrath: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR Capital Markets. Alex, your line is open.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you and good morning.
Keith Allman: Morning, Alex.
Alex Rygiel: As it relates to some of the guys - as it relates to some of the guidance they've put out at the Investor Day. That killed some Liberty lines, I think you're looking for $50 million to $80 million revenue opportunity over time, and then the Pro business $152 million to $180 million. Where do you stand generally on those targets tracking ahead, tracking behind and any other comments?
John Sznewajs: You know, Alex, acknowledging that we're only kind of a quarter and a half into a 3 year guidance on those. You know, I think we're definitely on track and clearly one of the things that will help  that kills every piece was that the expanded camera hardware program that we're setting now. That's definitely a big component to helping us achieve if not exceed  get to the higher end of the range there. And then on the Pro side you know, we continue to do - we're very pleased with somewhere we're outperforming on the Pro and you know, I think we're right on track to achieve the Pro growth that we forecasted.
Alex Rygiel: And secondly on the Windows turnaround, are there any actions left to take?
Keith Allman: Well you know, we're only a couple - you know a quarter or so into it. So you know, we're continuing to work. We've gotten a lot of the productivity improvements behind us and we've certainly improved in our on-time complete in our fill rates. We've got an ERP system that we're continuing to roll out the last couple plants that we put that in have performed very well and we're prepared for that. So there's always more work particularly in continuous improvement to the drive - to keep working.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phillip Ng with Jefferies. Phillip, your line is open.
Phillip Ng: Hey, guys. Youve provided some color on price price/cost better in paint in the fourth quarter with John am I have missed it. Can you give some color how we should think about price cost in plumbing and fourth quarter and going into 2018?
Keith Allman: Yeah, again, Phil, as we look at it we expect that that relationship should slowly improve over time. You know, as we talked about in the second quarter call we may have got a little price ahead of commodity cost and that's why you saw the expanded margins in Q2 and so we're feeling a little bit more of that in Q3. But as we go into Q - into Q4 into 2018, we will have to look at putting a further price into the marketplace.
Phillip Ng: Okay. That's helpful. And in margins for your Windows business that was pretty impressive. I know historically 2Q and 3Q was your highest margin in quarters and you see some decline in one 1Q and 4Q. Is that a good way to think about building out your margin profile for 2018 which should see a nice step up from that mid-single digit target that you've guided for this year? Thanks.
John Sznewajs: Yeah, I think that's a good way to look at it Phil. You're right on that. You nailed the seasonality perfectly. That's exactly how the business develops over the course of the year. And given the strength that we're seeing as long as the volumes continue to hold out and the strong orders that were seeing continue to - you know we would expect that kind of development in 2018.
Phillip Ng: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten with Macquarie. Adam, your line is open.
Adam Baumgarten: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just clarify on the plumbing input costs in terms of the metals we've seen copper and zinc up kind of dramatically, what's the lag in terms of when those go up and then when you see them in your results?
John Sznewajs: Yeah, its John. You're right, there is generally a lag that we see in our P&L. generally its about two quarters roughly speaking because of the length of our Asian supply lines. And so if you track copper and zinc it not a direct one for one, but its pretty close. You can see how that will play out over the course of time.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay, great. And then just lastly any update on acquisitions sort of where you're targeting it, if there's anything in the pipeline that's kind of close?
Keith Allman: Obviously we can't get into specifics, we'll let you know when we do a deal. But in terms of our focus on it in the pipeline status really there hasn't been a change from the last update I gave last quarter and that is that we're continuing to work. We're moving attractive targets both in and out of the pipeline for various reasons we've got good volume. We've got what I believe to be a good spread in terms of value across. If you look at the distribution, the type of companies we're looking at, we're looking globally and we're looking here in North America. So good activity and we're continuing to stay focused. But at the same time patient. We need to find targets with the fit and the right returns before we act out them and we're continuing to work it.
Adam Baumgarten: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets. Bob, your line is open.
Bob Wetenhall: Hey, good morning. Nice quarter, given a hurricane. I wanted to ask you, your Windows business is crushing. I never knew that could be such a profitable business. What's the ceiling on this? Two to three years out where can you drive margins to given the turnaround still underway?
Keith Allman: You know, as you know Bob we talked about 10% to 13% margins on the Investor Day. So that would imply you know, the top at 13%, but you know we're going to keep driving out there. We've got a great leadership team in place, a great brand. Good delivery, good fill rates and fundamentally a strong underlying market. So that 13% is probably not the limit.
Bob Wetenhall: Got it. And when you - I just wanted to think about, you've got a $2 billion of cash on the balance sheet. It sounds like you're being very disciplined around your approach to M&A opportunities. Is barring any large scale or M&A that consumes cash, if we just expect you know, more buybacks and more raise the dividend activity from a capital allocation standpoint?
John Sznewajs: Bob, its John. I think that's the way to think about it right, the way we prioritize our capital allocation as you know, always first and foremost invest in the business you know, to continue the growth of our existing businesses and you know CapEx as you've been watching runs pretty late too 2.5% of sales. And then after that it is rebalancing the M&A activity that keeps us talked about versus share repurchase activity and we were out in the marketplace pretty aggressively in the third quarter of buying back 4 million shares and then you're right you know we have raised the dividend four times over the course of the last four years and while we cannot commit the company we'll continue to look at that type of activity going into 2018.
Bob Wetenhall: Got it. And just the clean up question you know, I was just trying to understand some of your commentary around plumbing in the margin compression in your obviously investing in some strategic growth initiatives. What's kind of a dollar spend in 4Q and when do you finish investing in that business. When do you get back to you know, the dollar spend you put in where does that come out and should we expect it to go into 4Q and to the 2018? Thanks and good luck.
John Sznewajs: Thanks, Bob. I know - we do expect to do on the fourth quarter. We do expect the spend somewhere to be in that $5 million to $10 million range in Q4 and will there be similar activity in 2018 in the plumbing segment, yes there will. Well give you a better clarity and guidance on that in our February call when we have our plans all set for 2018. So you kind of spend in 2018 for those - for those displaced.
Bob Wetenhall: Cool. Good luck.
John Sznewajs: Thanks.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Truman Patterson with Wells Fargo. Truman, your line is open.
Truman Patterson: Hey, guys. I wanted to dig a little bit deeper into you know, the cab mix - cabinet segment and you know, some of the declining revenues there. Could you guys just give us an update on your capacity utilization levels you know, previously you've stated you can still hit about 1.5 million starts. And you know, as we're looking into 2018, you know and in the fourth quarter just how do you really think about kind of the trade-off between your capacity utilization level and maybe some of the decremental operating margins that you see from that?
Keith Allman: We think our capacity is in a great place. We have plenty of headroom to get up to that 1.5 million start level and commence - commensurate our growth. We really look at capacity as a cost issue more than anything and when you look at the type of capacity that we have with regards to say operating on two shifts instead of three shifts, that's not a whole lot of extra cost for us. So in terms of the decremental if you will margin that excess capacity would present. It's really not a big deal for us because we're talking about extending hours of operation across an existing asset that we need to meet our demand for our current demands. Our capacity is in good shape. That's right where we want it and we're excited about pivoting to growth and getting our KraftMaid, new product introductions working and getting our Merillat and quality brands humming and fundamentally as we talked about at the Investor Day this is a good business for us and we look forward to getting it back up to those performance levels.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Okay, so also you know you guys are looking as you move into 2018 you know you're looking to move towards that 13% to 15% operating margin. Is it safe to assume that you know the promotional environment going forward is going to be you know, fairly steady or maybe even decline a little bit. And then also those you know product launch costs that you know, were tiny anniversaries as we enter 18 will you know, are those going to repeat or are we going to see further headwinds from those?
Keith Allman: You know, again, we don't set the promotional schedule. That's set by our customers and some of those we support others, they go it alone if you will. In terms of my expectations, I would say that I wouldn't expect a whole lot of change in terms of the promotional environment it's been fairly consistent. I have no reason to believe that it won't be something of that ilk going forward. I think it's going to be a pretty step. Do you have a follow on question Truman?
Truman Patterson: No. that was it. Thanks.
Keith Allman: Id like to thank everyone for their interest in Masco Corporation. And this concludes today's call.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Chaika - VP, Treasurer and IR Keith Allman - President and CEO John Sznewajs - VP and CFO
Analysts: John Lovallo - Bank of America Stephen East - Wells Fargo Chris Counihan - Credit Suisse Mike Dahl - Barclays Phil Ng - Jefferies Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets Alex Rygiel - FBR & Company Neal BasuMullick - JP Morgan Mike Wood - Nomura Instinet Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Stephen Kim - Evercore Josh Chan - Baird
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporations Second Quarter Conference Call. My name is Kim, and I will be your conference operator today. As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions]  I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer, and Investor Relations. You may begin your conference, sir.
David Chaika: Thank you, Kim, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporations 2017 Second Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Mascos Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analysts questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow up. If we cant take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and Other Disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial measures. Our references to operating profit and earnings per share will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconciled these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, Ill now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 4. In the second quarter of 2017, we continued executing on our strategic plans. Our top line increased 4%, excluding the impact of currency. Driven by strong growth in our Plumbing, Decorative Architectural and Windows segments. Our operating margin increased 30-basis points to 17.4%, largely driven by the quick turnaround in our North American window business and strong margin performance from our Plumbing segment. We continue to be pleased with our EPS growth and achieved EPS of $0.60 per common share in the quarter. Let me give you some additional insights into the drivers behind each of our segments performance, beginning with Plumbing. We had another terrific quarter in the Plumbing segment with solid growth against a very difficult comp from last year. Delta, Hansgrohe and Watkins each achieved record quarters for both sales and operating profits. Once again, demonstrating the sustainable competitive advantage of our brands, innovation and industry-leading positions. In North America, our trade business was particularly strong as we gained share with our high-end Delta and Brizo branded showroom products. Internationally, Hansgrohe continued its global expansion driving significant growth in its focused markets. In our Decorative Architectural segment, our Pro paint sales grew double digits, and we achieved outstanding sales growth from our innovative Liberty Hardware shower door program. In DIY paint, we outperformed the overall DIY market with sales in the quarter matching last years. We are positioned to continue to outperform the DIY market with our powerful Behr brand, its outstanding product quality and service ratings and our strong channel partner, The Home Depot. In our Cabinetry segment, we grew our repair and remodel business despite being up against a difficult double-digit comp. This growth was more than offset by losses in our new construction business as we exited certain low-margin builder accounts. Were now pivoting towards growth in cabinetry as we described during our recent Investor Day. In the third quarter, KraftMaid, our leading repair and remodel brand, will capitalize on its already strong performance with one of the largest new product launches in the brands history. New door styles and decorative accessories will address the growing consumer trend towards transitional style, and new finish options will be expanded to provide designers with a more robust finished pallet. We are confident that our growth strategy of new product introductions, customer program alignment and selective new construction gains will result in growth for 2017 and margin expansions for the full year. In our Windows segment, Milgard, our North American window operation, achieved 10% sales growth and a significant increase in profitability due to its strong brand, market-leading position and operational improvements. Im very pleased with this rapid turnaround and as I shared with you last quarter, I remain confident that we will achieve mid-single-digit operating margins for the full year, a substantial improvement over 2016. Demonstrating our commitment to actively managing our portfolio, we completed the divestiture of our Arrow Fastener business, realizing proceeds of $126 million during the quarter. We further strengthened our balance sheet by tendering for some of our higher coupon debt and replacing it with lower coupon, longer maturity debt. We were able to execute this transaction due to the work we have done to vastly improve our credit profile, which allowed us to take advantage of favorable credit markets. We also continued our share repurchase activity in the quarter by buying back 1.2 million shares. And our Board of Directors announced its intention to increase our annual dividend by $0.02 per share beginning in the fourth quarter, showing confidence in our long-term prospects. This is the fourth consecutive year we have increased our dividend. Lastly, on our prior earnings call, we updated our 2017 target for earnings per share to be in the range of $1.90 to $2. Based on our results through the second quarter and our anticipated performance for the second half of [indiscernible], we now expect our earnings per share to be in the range of $1.93 to $2, exceeding our target of $1.80 that we set 2 years ago. Now Id like to turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other onetime items. Turning to Slide 6. Our continued execution drove solid top and bottom-line growth. The second quarter of 2017 was our 23rd consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and operating profit growth. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, sales increased 4%. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted our second quarter revenue by approximately $23 million as the U.S. dollar strengthened against both the Euro and the British pound. North American sales increased 4% in the quarter due to strong demand from repair and remodeling products across all channels of distribution and across the price continuum as we continue to experience strong consumer demand for our better and best product offerings. As a reminder, repair remodel activity represents approximately 83% of our total sales. International sales increased 4% in local currency in the quarter as our international Plumbing businesses continue to drive growth. Gross margins expanded approximately 60 basis points compared to the second quarter of last year to 35.8%, largely due to the improvement in our North American Windows business. Our SG&A as a percent of sales increased this quarter by 40 basis points to 18.5% of sales. This slight increase is partly due to the strategic growth investments weve made, such as the 200 new Behr hub store employees we hired last year. We will continue to leverage these investments to drive profitable growth. We delivered solid bottom line performance as operating income increased 4% to $357 million with operating margins expanding 30-basis points to 17.4%, our strongest operating margin in nearly 15 years. Our EPS was $0.60 in the quarter, an improvement of 30% compared to the second quarter of 2016. As a reminder, our results in the second quarter of 2016 included a one-time loss on debt extinguishment of $40 million or approximately $0.08 per share to complete the retirement of debt maturities. Turning to Slide seven. Our Plumbing segment once again delivered outstanding results despite a difficult 9% comp. Segment sales increased 5%, excluding the impact of currency driven by growth in our faucets, showers and spas. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted this segments sales by approximately $16 million in the quarter. Our North American sales grew 4% in the second quarter against a 9% comp as we experienced strong consumer-driven demand for our innovative products and industry-leading brands with wholesale, large retail and dealer customers. As Keith mentioned, Delta, Hansgrohe and Watkins each delivered a record quarter of sales and profits. Our international Plumbing sales increased 5% in local currency against an 11% comp as Hansgrohe continues to outperform and benefit from investments in brand, design and innovation. Additionally, were focused on growing key markets as yielding results as they experience strong double-digit growth in China. Operating profit for this segment increased 3% in the quarter driven by incremental volume, which was partially offset by some of our strategic growth investments. Turning to slide eight. The Decorative Architectural Products segment grew 5%. This performance was driven by another strong double-digit growth of our BEHR PRO business and solid performance of BEHR MARQUEE, our highest price point offering. Liberty Hardware also contributed to the top line performance as it continues to benefit from the expansion and growth of its innovative shower door program. Liberty continues to win new retail programs and was recently awarded an expanded cabinet hardware program, which will be set in the third quarter. As a result of this program win, we anticipate incurring approximately $10 million in program reset costs in the third quarter. Operating income in the second quarter increased 1% driven by increased volume, which was partially offset by an unfavorable price-to-commodity relationship in coatings as we discussed last quarter. Turning to slide nine. In the Cabinetry segment, excluding the impact of currency, sales declined 3% in the quarter. This is principally due to the exit of certain low-margin builder business in the United States and in the U.K. These actions in aggregate reduced segment sales by approximately $10 million. Foreign currency translation also negatively impacted this segments sales by approximately $2 million in the quarter. Starting in Q3, we expect to see year-over-year segment sales growth. Our repair and remodel business continue to perform well in the quarter. KraftMaid had solid performance in the retail and dealer channels, delivering mid-single digit growth through increased volume. This performance was achieved against a tough double-digit comp.  Segment profitability declined in the second quarter by $7 million as we experienced a more normalized sales and marketing spend as compared to the second quarter of 2016 and softness in our U.K. Cabinet business. As we look to the third quarter of 2017, we expect to incur incremental costs of approximately $7 million related to new product launches as we continue to enhance KraftMaids product assortment and due to the recently announced antidumping duties and countervailing tariffs on imported Chinese plywood. We expect the effect of these duties to be temporary as we work to mitigate the impact through supply chain and other initiatives during the remainder of the year. Turning to slide 10. Excluding the $5 million impact of currency translation, our Windows segment sales increased 7% in the second quarter driven by growth in Milgard, our leading Western U.S. window business, which grew 10% in the quarter. Milgards strong growth was due to increased volume, a positive mix shift toward our premium window and door product lines and favorable pricing. Segment profitability in the quarter increased $20 million over the prior year driven by the lapping of last years warranty expense, cost-savings initiatives and favorable pricing. We are extremely pleased with the rapid progress that Joe and his team have made on Milgards turnaround and their improved results delivered in the first half of 2017.  We also completed the sale of our Arrow Fastener business at the end of the second quarter. This will reduce second half of 2017 sales and operating profit by $38 million and $8 million, respectively, split roughly evenly between the two quarters. We remain confident in our ability to achieve top-line growth and mid-single-digit margins in the segment for the second half of 2017 and the full year despite the sale of Arrow. And turning to Slide 11. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion of balance sheet liquidity. Working capital as a percent of sales increased 170 basis points versus the prior year to 15%, principally due to the higher inventory to support our growth in new program wins. We believe we will have this inventory work down to a more normalized level by the end of the year. During the second quarter, we continued our initiative to create shareholder value by repurchasing 1.2 million shares valued at approximately $42 million. And we also took further actions to strengthen our balance sheet by refinancing high coupon debt, thus reducing our interest expense by approximately $3 million per quarter starting in the third quarter. And with that, Ill now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. We had a very productive second quarter. Our businesses continue to perform well. We executed our strategies. And we are well-positioned across our segments to achieve higher growth in the second half of 2017. We completed the divestiture of Arrow Fastener and improved our capital structure with our debt transactions. We moved our corporate headquarters into a new building, downsizing from 415,000 square feet to 90,000 square feet. This new modern headquarters will facilitate our culture of collaboration, continuous improvement and execution. And lastly, we had a very well attended Investor Day with nearly 300 participants and had thoughtful discussions about our strategy and the demand drivers underlying our industry. And we committed to a $2.50 earnings-per-share target for 2019. Fundamentals driving our business are strong, and the strategy we laid out 2 years ago and reiterated this quarter at our Investor Day, is working. We remain committed to investing behind our brands for growth; developing innovative products to ensure we maintain our must-have position with our customers; focusing on operational excellence through our continued deployment of the Masco operating system; and finally, balancing our capital allocation between acquisitions with the right strategic fit and return, share buybacks and dividends. Our operational execution, coupled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, provides us with multiple levers to continue to drive shareholder value and outperform the industry. With that, well open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First question is, Sherwin and PPG both kind of talked about in the paint division, weakness in exterior and then also a little softness in DIY. Do you think that your performance in the quarter could represent some share gains? And also along those lines, what is your mix of exterior versus interior?
Keith Allman: John, Ill answer the first part of that question. No doubt in our mind that we gained share. In terms of specifically exterior, we had a very solid quarter with exterior paint, and we grew that business. So no question there was a share gain there. And then, we matched our sales this quarter in DIY versus prior year second quarter, which unquestionably, shows us that were gaining share there as well as we continue to outperform the DIY market. And we intend to continue to do that. Weve got the Behr brand with the leading product quality in the space. We have the leading customer service with regards to JD Powers. Were investing a significant amount of resources together with our channel partner, The Home Depot, to train and ensure that we have that shopping experience consistently delivered. So we like our progress. We think were gaining share without question. And were continuing to invest it so that we can continue to do that.
John Sznewajs: And John, just to address your second question about interior versus exterior sales. While we dont break that out specifically, I can give you some guidance and thats generally, interior sales far outpace exterior sales at least in our business.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thats encouraging. And then, I guess the second question would be the $10 million in paint spend that you guys outlined for the third quarter. Is that incremental? Or is that -- should we kind of think about that as being neutral versus the $10 million last year?
John Sznewajs: So this will all hit in the third quarter, John. This year -- and its not -- its paint. Its actually in the Liberty Hardware program reset that were doing. And so relative to the third quarter of last year, it will be incremental.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Stephen East with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Stephen East: John, maybe Ill follow on that last question. If you look at all your 3Q investment costs, can -- I guess, can you summarize whats incremental versus last year, whether therell be any follow-on in 4Q? And are these charges included in your $1.93 to $2?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen. So the way I look at it is pretty simple, yes. In terms of these charges in the $1.93 to $2, yes, they are. So the way I think about it is you have $10 million in the Decorative Architectural segment for Liberty, youve got the $8 million hit in the second half of the year for the Arrow profit that -- given the divestiture. Then weve got the incremental $7 million in the Cabinet segment for the launch costs as well as the incremental tariffs. So in aggregate, approximately $25 million. Favorably offsetting those charges is the $3 million per quarter of interest expense, so call that roughly $19 million to $20 million of headwinds in the second half that are included in our guidance for the $1.93 to $2 which equates to roughly $0.04 a share.
Stephen East: Great. Thats perfect. Thats what was I was looking for. And then, I guess more broadly, can you all talk about what youre seeing on the raw material inflation front, whether youre getting the offsets, and I know youre typically able to get it a lot easier in Plumbing. But are you able to get it moving forward on paint also? And just where youre seeing the pressure points for the raw materials?
Keith Allman: Steven, as you know, weve got a track record. Over time, and there are some leads and lags with regards to supply chain activity that we do to mitigate cost increases and price and those sorts of things, so there are some ebbs and flows. But over the long haul, were able to maintain a flush position between price and commodities over time. In terms of what were experiencing as we look forward in this year, we have experienced some inflation in TiO2 and Decorative Architectural business that began to impact us in 2016. And that will continue into the first half of 17. We have some, or excuse me, second half.  We also have some pressures in resin-related costs mainly driven by methyl methacrylate and that supply input. Copper and zinc are both up year-over-year, and were working with various cost-outs and price increases there. And then we talked about the recently announced antidumping tariffs related to Chinese plywood. So were working very closely with our suppliers. Were driving that, those costs down. And for the full year, we expect as a company, to continue to have margin expansion.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Credit Suisse.
Chris Counihan: This is Chris Counihan on for Susan. I was wondering if you guys could speak on the current health of the M&A pipeline, kind of what the level of activity you guys are seeing out there and what youre thinking about potential opportunities?
Keith Allman: Yes, Chris. Our pipeline continues to be healthy, both in terms of its size and the movement that we have going through it. Were spending a lot of time across the organization on cultivation, and weve also moved deals through the pipeline that were talking quite seriously to. So I would say overall, the pipeline is very healthy. We continue to see pretty robust valuations. But oftentimes, theres good growth that go with some of those more robust multiples. So were looking at it very patiently. We have to have the right strategic fit, first and foremost. And secondly, we need to drive a return on invested capital that exceeds our WAC, risk-adjusted. So were working very hard at it. The volume is good. The valuations still are a little higher than what we would see typically. And were being patient, were being strategic, and were going to make sure that we drive return on invested capital.
Chris Counihan: Okay. Great. And then going back to Cabinets. I was wondering if you guys could talk about the current mix shift you guys are seeing, and when do you think you expect that benefit to hit. Would it be in 3Q, 4Q in regards to exiting that lower-margin business? And if you guys could just give us a little outlook on that, thatd be great.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Chris. We think largely that the builder-direct business and the builder-oriented businesses that weve been purposefully exiting over the course of the last 4 to 6 quarters is largely behind us now. Could there be a little bit of spillover into the third quarter? Clearly, there could be just a touch. But we really do think that starting now, here in the third quarter of 2017, we should begin to see that segment reposition itself from one thats been contracting to one thats going to start to grow.
Keith Allman: Chris, as John mentioned, we do have significant investment planned in new product introductions coming forward, and we have the hit that will take largely in Q3 on the countervailing duties and tariffs associated with Chinese plywood. But we do have, and continue to have, solid drop down on our incremental volume. And when we look at the productivity improvements that were driving, the benefits of the incremental volume, we believe we will continue to expand margins for the full year.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from that line of Mike Dahl, Barclays.
Mike Dahl: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just to follow on, on Cabinets, and those last comments about growth resuming in the third quarter, I think may just need a clarification on some of the comments around the full year. Is it growth will resume and be positive for the second half? Or do you expect an acceleration to the extent that it will actually drive full year growth as well?
Keith Allman: We expect single-digit growth for the year.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thats helpful. And then shifting to the paint side. Just given the -- or I guess, on a hardware side, the program cost that youve laid out, can you help us frame what the revenue opportunity is as you kind of reset and win this business?
Keith Allman: Well, were not going to disclose the revenue of the program win. Well let our customer do that. But Ill tell you, we do have an outstanding shower door program thats performing very well, and weve had a significant Cabinet hardware win that will continue to drive growth and is a very solid program for us.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Looks like the turnaround in your Windows business is definitely in good shape at this point. Just curious, do you have enough bandwidth to kind of support the growth youre seeing? And would that have any bottlenecks on operations and profitability down the road?
Keith Allman: Our capacity is in good shape. As weve talked about, there is a tight labor market up there in the Pacific Northwest and in California. We dont expect that to magically free up. So its tight on the labor side. But I will tell you that weve had significant productivity improvements. So that the requirement for that labor has gone down quite materially. And the turnover profile that we generally see, and its fairly consistent across all our businesses, is that the turnover happens in the people that are hired recently. So while the turnover is tough, it tends to churn on the folks that are less than 90 days. And when you have a kind of productivity improvements that weve made, that really takes out the need, and thus, the significant impact on the turnover. As the -- we see some mix shifts, therell be certain pieces of equipment that maybe are strained a little more than others, but by and large, were well prepared to support the growth. Weve had good growth this quarter. I mean, really solid growth this quarter. And very pleased with how our lead time and fill rates have continued to remain consistent and really industry-leading, and thats the value prop for Milgard windows in the West Coast. And thats in part why we have been able to really bounce back as quickly as we have. Weve got a great dealer network out in the West Coast. And when we deliver on our promise to them, they deliver on their promise to us to go after growth. So I think its early in the turnaround. But I like what Im seeing, and were in good shape.
Phil Ng: Got you. And I guess for paint, I mean, you guys have clearly outperformed your peers both on DIY. But the Pro initiative has been a nice source of growth, and its been impressive youve been able to kind of keep your margins intact because its supposed to be a lower-margin business. Just curious, how much more runway do you have? And can you sustain this level of growth going forward the next few years?
Keith Allman: Well, were committed to continuing our double-digit growth trajectory and weve enjoyed that for quite a few quarters. And we continue to do that. And we put investments behind to drive that, its just not something were hoping for. And those investments are paying off. We doubled our hub store profile relatively recently. Were fine-tuning that model, quantifying it, training to it. And thats -- we like how thats coming along and its really developed into a franchisable model, if you will, that we can deploy further. Weve got what I would call competitive pricing and terms with our Pro Rewards program and the credit set-up between us and the work were doing together with The Home Depot. Ive talked about our top-ranked products, and thats an external assessment. Numerous locations, thats important for the Pros to go to and access jobs across regions. Im really proud of our regional sales reps, our hub store employees and the service that they provide. And our data clearly shows that were winning in that service piece. And were saving the Pro time and money. Were a better mousetrap where they can do one-shop stopping and have bundled purchases that theyre already making with our great partner, Home Depot. So yes, we intend to continue a double-digit growth.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Rednor with Zelman & Associates.
Scott Rednor: John, I guess -- Im not sure if this is clear, but in terms of raising the low end of the guidance, it seems like Arrow on the negative side and the debt refinance on the positive side washes. So what implicitly are you guys more optimistic about than you were 3 months ago?
John Sznewajs: I think you see the fundamental growth in that business over the course of the first half of the year. And what were seeing and hearing from our customers, Scott, gives us the confidence. Were hearing about good showroom traffic at our Cabinet dealers and our Plumbing wholesale dealer -- our Plumbing wholesalers and Plumbing showrooms. So were seeing good demand, continuing good demand in our paint business. So all that combined, I think gives us the confidence to raise that lower-end of the range.
Scott Rednor: Okay. Cool. And then just a couple quick ones on the model. Anything unusual in the corporate line thats stepped up this quarter with the relocation? And then just tied to that, John, the buybacks? It was the weakest in some time and the guidance to get to $400 million to $500 million implies a pretty sharp step-up. So just wanted to get your comfort with that level?
John Sznewajs: Yes. A couple of things, Scott. Maybe on the corporate expense side, we are up a little bit this quarter, probably due to the stock comp expenses, the share price rises, obviously, that hits us a little bit harder in the corporate expense side. So that was the principal driver there. That said, we still think were going to be in approximately $100 million for the full year. And in terms of the share repurchase activity, there are number of things going on. Obviously, we had our Investor Day and you were there and we had the debt transactions going on. So we were out of the market a little bit more around in some of those events than we would typically have been in a normal quarter. That said, we still have our guidance out there for the $400 million to $500 million for this year. And as weve discussed in the past, well be opportunistic about how we buy back those shares. And so yes, I would look for slightly stronger activity as we go into the third quarter and beyond.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Bob Wetenhall: Nice turnaround in Windows, very impressive. And its coming in ahead of expectations. I think Joe gets a raise. Whats driving this big turnaround here? And can you give me a margin-walk through year end or into 18 a little bit? I mean, this is, this was kind of something I was not a fan of. Quite honestly, I thought it was a subpar business, and I was wrong. You guys have really crushed it. So whats driving this operationally? And how do you see this kind of playing out? Im not really looking for color about the quarter, but more about what youre doing strategically.
Keith Allman: Yes, Bob. I told you to hang in there. Im glad you did. Really, it gets back to something I touched on earlier with the brand and the dealer network. So when we deliver on our promise, that dealer network really responds because it tends to be kind of quoted business, right? There is a quick lead time there between when the quote is needed and when we deliver the product. So when were at the ready with our Milgard value proposition, its easy business to flip our way. So thats a huge fundamental strategic point of view that I have of why I like this business so much is that we have a strong share position to begin with. And we have a strong value prop. So when we can deliver that, it really just creates momentum, and were able to outgrow the market. So thats number one.  And then secondly, the Masco Operating System is really driving productivity improvements, and were getting more effective at deploying it. So taking some price where we need to, to make sure that were driving volume into our more profitable segments of business, driving productivity, variable and fixed cost productivity, focusing, as I said, on that R&R dealer business, which is more profitable. So its a combination of really well-positioned strategically to build off a strong base of market share with pretty good productivity.
Bob Wetenhall: Got it. So thats very convincing. So it sounds like the trajectory is going to continue to have a lot of positive momentum. Im excited for that business. I wanted to ask John on Cabinets. Im trying to understand kind of the back half of the year in terms of profitability. Youre guiding towards some incremental spending but youre looking for margins to continue rising. And I think the implication is that the incrementals in the core Cabinet business on the legacy piece have to be really high to get that margin guide in the context of higher spending. Am I thinking about this the right way? Or how should we be thinking about profitability in that business? Theres obviously a couple of cross currents in there. I was hoping you could unravel that.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Sure, Bob. In terms of the margin profile of the business, right? Weve got very strong incremental margins on this business. And its not only on the core business, but the repair/remodel businesses is quite good. But then also, the builder business that we are looking at going forward, can be strong as well. And so we generally look at this segment to have between 35% drop down on incremental sales. So very good position there. So as you think about how we developed though in 2016, we had very strong margins in the first half, Bob. You might recall, we had I think 10.5% margins or so in Q1 last year, then they popped up to about 14% on some like-spend in Q2. Then they tailed off a little bit in the second half of the year because I think we were closer to 8%, 8.5% margin for each -- of Q3 and Q4 last year. So as you think about the comps that were up against on the second half of last year, and the trajectory that were having in the business, the fact that Keith talked about earlier about both top line growth and margin expansion in the year for this segment, we feel pretty confident that we can achieve those.
Bob Wetenhall: Even though youre investing incremental spend in the business just because you have the weak comp in 2H, [indiscernible] more runways. Is that the right way to think about it?
John Sznewajs: Thats the right way to think about it, Bob.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR & Company.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you. And congratulations on a nice quarter as well. Can you talk a little bit about some of the variables of you being able to achieve double-digit margins within your Windows business by year-end 18? And if there is a shot at achieving double-digit margins for the entire year of 18?
Keith Allman: Long term, as we talked about on our Investor Day, were targeting 3% to 5% growth and 10% to 13% margins. In terms of this year, were expecting mid-single digit growth, if you exclude Arrow and mid-single-digit margins. So as I think about 18, I think we should -- we would be able to continue to drive towards that long-term Investor Day guidance. Whether we get there a little quicker or its right down the middle, that takes us a couple of years to get there. But I would think about it kind of with those brackets.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Alex. To give you -- I mean, a little bit more detail on that. I think obviously, a big chunk of that comes down to volume and what we see going into 2018. Obviously, we love the progression that weve made so far here in 2017. And so I think if we get higher volumes that -- and clearly, [indiscernible] will help -- recall well have -- we still have a little bit of ERP headwind going into 2018 thats why well still -- and not -- it wont be incremental at all, but well still have $3 million to $4 million a quarter of ERP spend as we go into 2018. So that could be a little bit of a governor on net margin expansion. But I think once that falls off, then I think weve got a pretty good path to getting to that double-digit margin.
Alex Rygiel: And then circling back to the hub store program. Can you sort of quantify how many additional hub stores were added in the quarter? And what your plans are for the second half of the year?
Keith Allman: They really werent added in the quarter. They were added last year, there was 100, but they werent in last year, Q2. So the 100 incremental is what were reflecting. So we have a total of 200 hub stores roughly speaking. Of the first 100 have been in there, what, John, a couple of years?
John Sznewajs: About 1.5 years.
Keith Allman: 1.5 years and then about 0.5 year for the other 100. And as I mentioned, were focused with our Masco operating system to codify time and territory planning and how to execute sales calls. And were really driving a regimentation of execution to make this as productive as we can.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Neal BasuMullick: This is Neal on for Mike. I guess, continuing on paint. Obviously, you had continued double-digit growth, which is impressive for BEHR PRO, but how are some of the smaller DIY initiatives trending, I mean, obviously, the Pro contribution [indiscernible]
Keith Allman: Im sorry, Neal, you broke up. You had asked about DIY, but I wasnt clear on the question. Could you repeat it?
Neal BasuMullick: Yes. Just some of those -- the smaller DIY initiatives. How are those trending?
Keith Allman: Well, weve had some pretty big DIY initiatives. If you go back to -- way back to a new color center to adding in-store sales reps and focusing on training in developing our BEHR MARQUEE paint, having a clear positioning in the aisle. And again, this is all jointly developed with our partner, The Home Depot. Having this clear positioning of good, better, best. Having -- and consistently improving the service proposition, theres not one silver bullet thats driving it. Its a combination of a tremendous partner, a great brand, great quality and service and a customer experience thats leading with clear positioning. So all those things I think lead into the fact that weve been able to steadily outperform the market.
Neal BasuMullick: Okay. Thats helpful. And I guess going back to Plumbing margins. Obviously, youve been successful offsetting raw materials with price. Do you think youve got a little bit ahead of commodity increase? Or I guess, what are you doing right?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Neal. Id say we probably did, in the first quarter in particular we got a little bit ahead of raw material with price. That said, in my prepared remarks and I think Keith referred to as well, we had a little bit of pricing headwinds in the second quarter. And just given where the commodities are we anticipate probably some very modest inflation going into the second half of the year. But nothing that were too concerned about.
Keith Allman: The team does a great job leveraging fixed overhead. So we continue to see good drop-down on incremental volume. And at the base of the success of this platform is the brands, customer innovation and the strong channel relationships that we have. So those have been following us a while. No, this is not been something that we just flipped the switch, this has been over a period of three, four years that weve really been building the momentum here.
John Sznewajs: And Neal, I misspoke just a second ago. I said price headwinds, I meant commodity headwinds.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Michael Wood: You cited some showroom traffic being improved in Cabinets. So Im just curious if you could opine on what you think is explaining the lull in the second quarter industry sales in Cabinets?
John Sznewajs: We think that our repair, remodel top line growth of kind of mid-single digits is right in line with industry growth and if not, a little bit better. We didnt really see a lot of choppiness that the [indiscernible] may have implied in our business. And we had pretty consistent performance through the quarter, Mike. So were really pleased with how the KraftMaid brand is performing, and were really excited about this new launch that Keith described a little while ago. So we think theres opportunity for continued steady growth in our repair/remodel side of our Cabinet business.
Michael Wood: Great. And could you also give us some color in terms of what type of growth you saw out of the builder hardware business this quarter?
Keith Allman: A big chunk of that growth was driven by our new shower door program, which, incremental stepwise growth as we went from the West Coast to, up to the Rockies and then into the Plains, and now full national coverage with that shower door program with Depot. And then as weve talked, weve also got a nice win in Cabinet hardware coming up in the second half of the year here. So really, really solid performance by the builders hardware team down at Liberty.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood: So in paint, you mentioned price/commodity pressure, but the margins were pretty nice at 21.5%. So I was just wondering if you could put those, that comment into context. Are you laying that out as a potential pressure for second half? Just trying to understand that against the pretty good margin you had.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think, Nishu, that the TiO2 will really come through in the back half, so we are expecting some margin pressure from that. We have approximately $10 million of new program reset costs that we talked about that are in that segment. And again, these investments that we make are ahead of the growth oftentimes, and we have to earn our way into that leverage. So as you think about the full year in this segment, we expect to be in the mid-single digits driven by volume, and we may see some modest margin erosion.
John Sznewajs: Recall, Nishu, that the second half, or Im sorry, the second quarter, all margins were at about 21%. They were down from the second quarter of last year, so we did start to see some of that commodity headwind hit the segment in the second quarter. And to Keiths point, well probably feel a little bit more margin pressure in the second half of the year.
Nishu Sood: Got it, got it. Okay. The divestitures from a modeling perspective, there was the $5 million impact that you had cited of divesting some of the Cabinet lines in 2Q. I think you mentioned, John, that it might be a little bit in 3Q. And then on Arrow, the $38 million. Should we expect something similar for first half of 18 in terms of the $38 million and $8 million? Or is there some seasonality that would make that higher or lower?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Nishu. Its going to be roughly equivalent in the first half of 18, so thats good catch. I should have probably mentioned that in my remarks. So yes, thats a, that will be the waterfall effect of the remaining piece of the over divestiture. And just to be clear, on the Cabinet piece, theres no divestitures per se. But rather, we are deliberately walking away from some low-margin builder business, both domestically as well as internationally. And so thats the impact. Yes, it was about, as I mentioned, it was about $10 million of impact in second quarter. And could there be a little bit of spillover into third quarter? Yes, there could be, but we dont anticipate very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore.
Stephen Kim: Most of my questions have been asked, but just want to clarify, your, you itemized I think about $25, well, net of the $6 million interest expense, about $19 million of sort of issues, adjustment issues. And I was curious how much of that was anticipated at the time you initially gave your guidance? From what I can tell, it looks like maybe the Cabinet -- sorry, that the hardware win and probably the refinancing probably werent contemplated in, but maybe the Arrow divestiture was. So just trying to get a sense for what are the pieces that were sort of incremental to what you were thinking about the last time you gave guidance?
John Sznewajs: So Stephen, when we gave out the $1.90 to $2, obviously, the Liberty reset costs were not included in that number. Some of the Cabinet launch costs we were -- in our forecast, but the plywood tariffs were unknown at that time. And thats the bulk of the $7 million number there. The Arrow divestiture was underway, but not particularly well publicized at that time. And so it was not necessarily called out-- so in -- for the interest savings. So you can make an argument that Keith and I knew about the -- that were going to divest Arrow, but probably the Street didnt. And there was a high degree of -- there was a huge factor on that Arrow in our $1.90 to $2 guidance.
Stephen Kim: Okay. So that basically is another $0.03, $0.035 that the lower end of your guide...
John Sznewajs: Yes, thats right. $0.035, $0.04.
Stephen Kim: Yes. Great. Great. Just wanted to clarify that. That looks good, I just want to be sure. Second, when you talked -- Milgard. I think you addressed it in part. But in the margin turnaround I was kind of expecting -- the sales growth was what I was a little bit more cautious on. And they think thats probably -- arguably a harder thing to deliver on as opposed to just simply cutting costs on a short-term basis. I think you had indicated that you thought sales rebounded quickly because dealers responded when Milgard was finally able to deliver on its commitments. I was wondering if you could just be a little more specific there. And in particular, Im just wanting to make sure that there wasnt something from a timing perspective or maybe you had some catch-up sales or something, which boosted the growth this quarter or whether as Bob had indicated earlier, this is really the kind of momentum that were seeing in that business on the sales line that we can expect going forward.
Keith Allman: Yes. There really wasnt a onetime windfall good guy, so to speak, that drove that. It was broadly positioned across multiple dealers up and down the West Coast. So this is -- I think maybe theres an effect there where we had such bad weather recently that could have pent-up some demand. But by and large, its been pretty steady. And thats a good part of the country right now, and its a growth market for us. So I would expect that type of success going forward now. There was some currency effect though, wasnt it, John?
John Sznewajs: There was currency effect. And also Stephen, weve been factoring the Arrow divestiture in the second half of the year. That said, we still think that Milgard can grow nicely. Probably, slightly easier comp. Recall, we had a little bit of an ERP issue in the second quarter of last year. And so that probably impacted a little bit of our revenue. But we feel really confident about what Joe and the team have established with respect to the Milgard brand and then how they brought sales back so quickly. So we do think that theres good growth in front of us. Were seeing very good demand with our customers out there, both our dealer customers as well as we do sell a little bit into the major retailers in the Western U.S. And were seeing good demand on both sides of -- with both of those customers in the Western U.S. at this time.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: This is Jake on for Keith. Just wanted to touch on the Cabinet business real quick. In regards to the UK business, was that driven just by the existing businesses or was there any other type of weakness that were seeing there?
John Sznewajs: Yes. They were doing the same thing that the U.S. business was doing, but they also ran into a little bit of weakness. I think -- were starting to see a little bit of softness broadly across the U.K. since -- with their election taking place in the quarter and the like. There was some softness and there was a little bit more discussion on the Brexit. So were seeing a little bit of the consumer pulling back in the UK. But its not really a material part of the business, so were not too concerned about it.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Josh Chan with Baird. Your line is open.
Josh Chan: Just want to ask about KraftMaid, the new product introduction in Q3. Is that going to come with more promotion in the channel? Or I guess more broadly, how would you describe that promotional channel overall in Cabinets?
Keith Allman: Id say that its in the retail promotional environment, its a little bit elevated year-over-year, but I would -- in Q2 versus prior year Q2, but its on par, I would say, with the back half of 2016 and 2017. And I would estimate that thats going to stay consistently at that level. Theres no, in particular, promotions, increased promotions that are linked to new product launches. Its more a face-to-face interface with our designers and with our dealer partners to get out the product knowledge and the sales pitches, if you will, of our new products and to launch them into the channel than it is a promotional expense.
Josh Chan: Okay. Great. And then my second question is on Plumbing. Very good growth against -- over tough comps. Just want to make sure theres no load-ins or any one-time program items there that kind of drove that very strong number there.
John Sznewajs: Well, a little bit of load-in related to new product going into some store shelves. But I dont think it was a significant -- anything significant that we should call out or nothing material to call out.
David Chaika: Wed like to thank everyone for your interest in Masco Corporation and that concludes todays call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Chaika - Masco Corp. Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp. John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.
Analysts: Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Neal BasuMullick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Michael Dahl - Barclays Capital, Inc. Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Trey Morrish - Evercore Group LLC John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's First Quarter Conference Call. My name is Kim and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations, you may begin.
David Chaika - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Kim, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2017 first quarter conference call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risk and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial measures. Our references to operating profit, earnings per share, or cash flow will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to slide 4. We're off to a strong start in 2017. We delivered good top line growth and saw strength across our end markets, channels and price points that we serve. Our top line increased 5%, excluding the impact of currency. Our operating margin increased 60 basis points to 14.4%, largely driven by the outstanding performance in our Plumbing segment this quarter, particularly in North America. We continue to leverage our top line growth across the organization into greater margin expansion through our operating leverage and cost productivity initiatives. Importantly, our adjusted earnings per share grew 28% to $0.41 per common share. I'd like to provide you with some additional insight into the drivers behind each of our segments' performance. Let's begin with Plumbing. Our portfolio of Plumbing businesses continued its outstanding performance by growing sales in North America by 9% and growing sales internationally by 6% in local currency. With our strong operating leverage and a favorable price to commodity relationship in Plumbing, this volume dropped substantially (3:24) to the bottom line. Of note, Delta Faucet Company achieved record sales and operating profit for the quarter with very strong growth in its wholesale channel. Delta's luxury high-end Brizo brand continued its outstanding performance in the wholesale channel with strong double-digit growth. Outside of North America, Hansgrohe's growth was led by continued strong performance in Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East. In our Decorative Architectural segment, we achieved 2% growth against a difficult 9% comp last year. Our Pro paint sales grew double digits and significantly outpaced the market as our mutual efforts with The Home Depot continued to drive share gain in this channel. We remain committed to investing behind this important growth initiative. Additionally, we benefited in this segment from our innovative Liberty Hardware shower door program this quarter, which is now fully launched nationwide. Turning to Cabinets, this segment is a good example of our focus on developing and leveraging our talent across the organization. As you know, for the past few months, we've been utilizing Joe Gross' impressive turnaround leadership on a temporary basis at Milgard, our West Coast Window business, while he has also been serving as President of Masco Cabinetry. He's done a fantastic job at this double duty, and was recently promoted to the position of Masco Group Vice President for both Cabinetry and Windows. Gordie Fournier, formerly Masco Cabinetry's Chief Financial Officer, was promoted to the position of President of Masco Cabinetry. Gordie was instrumental in working with Joe in the highly successful turnaround of Cabinetry and I'm confident that Cabinetry's impressive momentum will continue under Gordie's leadership. Turning to the segment's performance, our new products launched in the dealer channel this quarter were very well received. These new products, under both the Merillat and Quality brands, will support growth later in the year as they gain traction by providing consumers with more options at an affordable price. In the retail channel, our Cabinet team delivered another strong quarter of growth as our KraftMaid programs, with our channel partners, continued to drive consumer demand. In our Windows segment, we returned to profitability in the quarter as the team rapidly applied its business improvement plan to reduce costs. We expect that this segment will achieve mid-single-digit operating margins for the full year, a significant improvement over 2016. On the subject of capital allocation, we continued our share repurchase activity in the quarter by buying back 2.8 million shares. We've now repurchased almost 40 million shares against our 50 million share repurchase authorization, returning over $1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and thus delivering on our commitment to drive shareholder value. Lastly, at our Investor Day in 2015, we set a lofty target to more than double our earnings per share and achieve $1.80 in earnings per share for 2017. Based on our continued execution of our strategies and our strong start to 2017, we are now updating our target for earnings per share in 2017 to be in the range of $1.90 to $2.00, exceeding our target of $1.80 that we set two years ago. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail. John?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time items. Turning to slide 6, we continued on our positive momentum coming out of 2016 with a solid start to 2017. The first quarter of 2017 was our 22nd consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and operating profit growth. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, sales increased 5%. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted our sales in the first quarter by approximately $22 million, as the U.S. dollar strengthened against both the euro and the British pound. North American sales increased 5% in the quarter due to strong demand for our repair and remodeling products across all channels of distribution and across the price continuum as we continued to experience strong consumer demand for our better and best product offerings. As a reminder, repair/remodel activity represents approximately 83% of our total sales. International sales increased 5% in local currency as our international Plumbing businesses continued to drive growth. Gross margins expanded approximately 120 basis points compared to the first quarter of last year to 34.3%. Our SG&A, as a percent of sales, increased this quarter by 60 basis points to 20% of sales. This was primarily due to the strategic growth investments we made in 2016 such as the 200 new Behr hub store employees we hired last year. We will leverage these investments throughout 2017 to drive profitable growth. And we delivered strong bottom line performance as operating income increased 8% to $255 million with operating margins expanding 60 basis points to 14.4%. Our EPS was $0.41 in the quarter, an improvement of 28% compared to the first quarter of 2016. Starting with the first quarter of 2017, our adjusted EPS calculation will assume an expected tax rate of 34%. Reduction from our previous guidance of 36% is driven by the adoption of a new stock-based compensation accounting pronouncement and the continued execution of our tax-planning strategies. Lower tax rate benefited our earnings per share in the first quarter by approximately $0.01, and we anticipate that it will increase EPS for the full year by approximately $0.06. Turning to slide 7, our Plumbing segment continues to deliver outstanding results. Segment sales increased 8%, excluding the impact of currency, driven by growth in our faucets, showers and spas. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted this segment's sales by approximately $15 million in the quarter. Our North American sales grew 9% in the first quarter as we experienced strong consumer-driven demand for our innovative brands with both our wholesale and large retail customers. As Keith mentioned, Delta delivered another record quarter of sales and profits. Additionally, our spa business continues to outperform the competition as Watkins leverages its strong dealer network, innovative new products and industry-leading brands. Our international Plumbing sales increased 6% in local currency as Hansgrohe continues to outperform and benefit from investments in brand, design and innovation. Revenue growth in the first quarter was aided by a relatively easy comp from the first quarter of 2016 as sales were pulled into Q4 of 2015. Additionally, I want to remind you that we face a difficult comp in the second quarter as this segment's revenue grew 10% from the second quarter of last year. Operating profit for the segment increased 19% in the quarter, driven by incremental volume and a favorable price commodity relationship. Turning to slide 8, the Decorative Architectural Products segment grew 2% despite facing a difficult 9% comp from the first quarter of 2016. This performance was driven by another quarter of strong double-digit growth of our Behr Pro business and solid performance of Behr MARQUEE, our highest price point offering. Liberty Hardware also contributed to the top line growth as they benefited from the expansion of its innovative shower door program, in addition to growth in its core hardware business. Operating income decreased 4% as increased volume was more than offset by the strategic growth investment related to the staffing of the 200 new hub store employees with Behr Pro reps in 2016, the timing of additional advertising expense, and a slightly unfavorable price commodity relationship. Turning to slide 9, in the Cabinetry segment, sales declined 2% in the quarter due to the deliberate exit of certain low margin builder direct business in the United States and in select low margin accounts in our UK Cabinet business. These actions, in aggregate, reduced segment sales by approximately $16 million (13:24). As we mentioned on our fourth quarter call, this exit will be completed in the second quarter and will impact the second quarter's revenues by approximately $5 million. Our core business performed well in the quarter. KraftMaid had strong performance in the retail channel resulting in high single-digit growth and year-over-year share gains. In the dealer channel, we drove low single-digit growth through increased volume and favorable mix as our KraftMaid and Merillat brands continued to offer new styles, finishes and features that resonate with our dealer base and consumers. Segment profitability declined in the first quarter by $7 million, driven by $5 million in launch costs related to the new product introductions that we discussed on our fourth quarter call. Finally, I'd like to mention that we will not be affected by the recently announced tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber, as we do not purchase any material amounts of Canadian softwood lumber. Turning to slide 10, our Windows segment sales increased 3% in the first quarter, excluding the impact of currency, driven by growth in Milgard, our leading Western U.S. Window business. Milgard's continued growth was driven due to positive mix shift toward our premium window and door product lines and favorable pricing. Excluding the $6 million negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, our UK Window sales increased 7%, driven by improved mix and favorable pricing. Segment profitability doubled in the quarter to $6 million over the prior year, driven by cost savings initiatives and improved mix. We're pleased with the progress that Joe and his team have made on Milgard's improvement plan and we continue to be on track to deliver improved results in 2017. Turning to slide 11, we ended the quarter with approximately $900 million of balance sheet liquidity. Working capital as a percent of sales increased 110 basis points versus the prior year to 14.4%, and during the first quarter, we continued our initiative to create shareholder value by repurchasing 2.8 million shares valued at approximately $92 million. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you, John. I'm pleased with our team's execution and our start to 2017. The fundamentals driving our business are strong. Demographics, namely the large Millennial group, are increasingly favorable and should drive household formations and housing for years to come. Home prices are appreciating, up over 5% year-over-year, boosting consumers' confidence to invest in their homes. Housing turnover, a leading indicator for our business, is up over 5%, reaching an annualized rate of 5.7 million units this past month, the highest housing turnover rate in more than a decade. And U.S. residential housing stock is aging, a key driver of repair and remodel spending with 70% of homes in the United States now over 25 years old, an increase of more than 19 million units in the past 10 years. The strategies that we've laid out last year to leverage these fundamentals are working. Going forward, we remain committed to investing behind our brands for growth, developing innovative products to ensure we maintain our must-have position with our customers, focusing on operational excellence through our continued deployment of the Masco Operating System, and finally, balancing our capital allocation between acquisitions with the right strategic fit and returns, share buybacks and dividends. Our operational execution, coupled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, provides us with multiple levers to continue to drive shareholder value and outperform the industry. We hope to see many of you at our Investor Day on May 16 in New York City when we will update you on our progress towards our goals and our longer-term strategy. With that, we'll open the call up for questions and answers.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Phil Ng. Your line is open.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Your Plumbing margins were actually quite strong. How much of that upside was driven by mix? And then, from a price/cost standpoint, I think in your prepared remark you said it was favorable. How should we think about that dynamic over the course of the year, just because metal prices are up dramatically?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Hey, Phil, good morning, it's John. Yes, so, you're right. Mix was a little bit of a benefit for us. I think the strongest benefit in the quarter came from volume, just because of the strong volume in both Delta and Hansgrohe. In terms of commodities, we are seeing a little bit of inflation in copper, but recall it takes about two quarters for any inflation to flow through to our P&L. So, we still had a little bit of a benefit here in Q1. I will tell you that we have not been trying to put pricing into the market, either, to offset some of that commodity inflation.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And just one last one for me, just from a capital deployment standpoint, you guys are actually generating a lot of cash. There was obviously some paint assets that were available, which looks like wasn't a good fit. But, talk about M&A going forward. What are some of the pockets that look compelling to you and how you think about evaluation? Thanks.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Phil, we really haven't changed our strategy with regards to M&A. We're actively seeking inorganic growth opportunities. It's important, obviously, to have the right strategic fit and our portfolio can generate the proper returns. So, that's fundamentally the main criteria that we're evaluating against in terms of strategy and return on invested capital. Our pipeline is large. It's getting larger, active, we measure both the size and the movement of the pipeline. There's many opportunities out there, frankly. It takes time to cultivate them and we're going to be patient. And it's important that we balance our M&A activity with our share repurchase activity, depending on the opportunities in each category. So, we look at the opportunities. We've certainly looked at what came out of the Sherwin-Williams/Valspar divestiture, but it wasn't exactly the fit that we're looking for, for various numbers of reasons and we're continuing to move. It's an important part of our strategy.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay, thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Rehaut. Your line is open.
Neal BasuMullick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. This is Neal BasuMullick on for Mike. I guess going back to the Plumbing margins, you'd mentioned there was some incremental spend related to a trade show this quarter, but yet you had strong margins despite that. Was it more so due to timing? I guess, what is it that you're doing right, besides what you mentioned?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, so we did have about $4 million, $5 million in trade show expense this quarter that we called out in our fourth quarter call 90 days ago. That said, I think that what was favorable in the quarter was the strong volume that we experienced, and it was pretty consistent volume across both our wholesale and large retail customers. So, I think that's  because this segment generates about 30% dropdown on incremental volume, that was a big factor in what helped us, aided by the other things that we mentioned, favorable mix and a slightly favorable price commodity relationship. Also, aided was some cost productivity initiatives that we drove in the quarter, as well.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Just to add on a little bit, our Plumbing segment is really humming, to put it simply. The teams there are executing the Masco Operating System quite well. John mentioned that we're able to get some price in the market ahead of some of this commodity inflation that we're seeing, and that's helpful, particularly in Europe. We are investing in growth and when we look at the full year in 2017 we'd expect our margins to maybe see a little bit of modern expansion, in spite of these investments, because of how well we're doing in operations and a strong dropdown that we have.
Neal BasuMullick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, that makes sense. I guess a follow-up on investments. The hub store initiative, how has the outlook changed, if at all? And do you see maybe more potential for future investments there?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: We're going to continue to invest behind our Pro growth initiative, our DIY initiatives. This is a good segment for us and it certainly is worthy of our money and generates a great return. So, we're going to continue to invest behind this category. In terms of specifically the hub stores, we've got 200. We've got them all hired. We're bringing them up to speed. There's a bit of an investment in front of the revenue here, and so we're going to work these into a very solid payback for us and then we're going to continue to investigate with our partner, The Home Depot, where the best location is for further investments to grow. This is a good initiative for us.
Neal BasuMullick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's all for me. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East. Your line is open.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you and congratulations, Keith and John. Keith, if you look at, you've got the highest first quarter margins since 2001. Can you just talk a little bit about what's driving that? Obviously, you've talked about volume, but I know you've done a lot in the past, so I'm just trying to understand how independent this is versus what commodities are doing, et cetera. I don't know where your capacity utilization is today versus in the past, that type of thing, so maybe just sort of a broad-brush explanation of how you all are driving what you're driving.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Well, I think we've talked a little bit already on Plumbing where we've got a little bit of price in Europe ahead of the commodity increase, so that's helping a little bit. But fundamentally, I think it is about incremental dropdown on our volume and the success that we're having with our Masco Operating System to drive continuous improvement across the entire supply chain, from sourcing to operations, manufacturing, efficiencies, and the like. And that, of course, leads into fixed cost improvement. We intend to maintain our diligence and our control in SG&A. As we've talked about, we're going to  my favorite investment is to invest in the core and we're going to continue to do that, so we'll work our improvements and our leverage on those growth investments throughout the year. When we think about where we'll end up, maybe a little bit of modest operation  or excuse me, margin expansion in the back half and for the full year is about how we're thinking about it. And that's pretty good, I think, considering where commodities are and as much as we're investing into the business for growth.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate that. And then, just following on that raw material inflation, you got out ahead of it a little bit on Plumbing, but as you look forward through 2016 (sic) [2017] (25:37) are you seeing more inflation, have you seen announcements, is more inflation coming through, and will you be able to stay in front of it, if so, or is this going to be some lag as you try to catch up to the raw material inflation?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yes, Steve, you said 2016, I assume you meant 2017.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: 2017.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yes, we are seeing some inflations in copper and zinc and across some other commodities, and as we've talked about in the past, over the long-term, we feel that our ability to basically come out as flush between price and commodities is very strong due to our operational performance that I talked about, the strength of our brands, our innovation pipeline that gives us that must-have position on the shelf. So, there's a number of things that help us feel good about overall price commodity mix, and I think we'll be able to offset that, as I talked about overall, with some slight margin expansion as we earn our way into leverage on our growth investments throughout the year.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, Stephen, this is John, just to follow up on Keith's comments. There might be a little bit of lag, depending on the segment, depending on the quarter, where we might be a little bit behind the inflation versus price. But, we feel like, to Keith's point, that we can maintain it over the course of the longer-term, and that's really what's reflected in the $1.90 to $2.00 that we put out earlier today.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois. Your line is open.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Thank you. Just wondering if you could speak a little bit to the paint business and outside of Pro, and you called out MARQUEE, as well, but what are you seeing just on core, I guess DIY sales? I think some of your competitors were speaking to some sluggishness in that category this last quarter. Did you see that and what is your expectations moving forward?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, Garik, recall that we were up against, and I think both Keith and I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we were up against a tough 9% comp. And you reflect back on what took place last year, we had very strong exterior paint sales in the first quarter of 2016 due to some very favorable weather conditions. While the weather was still pretty good, and you never really like to cite weather, we did have some impact on our exterior paint sales here in the first quarter, no surprise to anyone. But overall, our gallons were up modestly Q1 versus  Q1 of this year versus Q1 of last year. So, feel good about how we played in our core DIY market.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Just to add on to that a little bit to John's comment. As he mentioned, we think that the DIY market was down slightly in the quarter, mainly due to some of the  specifically in the weather-sensitive categories, around stain and exterior, but we believe we've outperformed the market, and then when you couple that with our DIY performance, we feel good about it  or excuse me, our Pro performance.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, thank you. And then just as a follow-up on Cabinets, you had some compared headwinds in the first quarter, profitability was down because of that in Q1, but what's your expectation moving forward through the rest of the year in that business with respect to profitability and margins?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: We think we'll see some margin expansion from 2016.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Garik, recall in our first quarter 2016 call, we identified about $4 million of underspend in Q1 of 2016, so slightly inflated margins a year ago. And the $5 million of investments this year, you know, margins were pretty well flat year-over-year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Radnor (29:38). Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, good morning, Keith and John. Question on Cabinets. If you exclude the exited sales, your overall segment is running about mid-single digits. I think that's been pretty consistent with the disclosures you've provided the past few quarters. Within the guidance, should we see that type of growth in the back half of the year when those exited sales are no longer in the comparisons?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, Scott (30:04), that's what we're anticipating at this point, yes.
Unknown Speaker: And then when we think about the margin in that segment, I know you'd specified nothing on the softwood lumber side, but there were also tariffs on imported Chinese plywood. Could you maybe just talk to how there may or may not be an impact on the cost side?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, that's still yet to be finalized at this point. We do think that that will have a, at this point, based on what we know, a several million dollar impact. So, we'll see. I mean, I think we're still driving to low double-digit margins.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. And then maybe just squeeze in a quick one, last one in. John, the international cash is about half or so of your what's on the balance sheet. Could you maybe talk to how you could create value with that cash? Whether it is repatriation or M&A?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Absolutely, Scott (31:02). So, it really depends on what tax policy comes out of Washington over the course of the coming months as to what we do with it. But, there's a couple of things that we could do with it. If we make an international acquisition, that would be anything outside of the U.S., whether it's Canada, Mexico, or anywhere else in the world, we could use that cash to make such an acquisition and not pay any tax on that cash, obviously. The other thing that we're looking at is to the extent that tax reform does take place and there's an ability to bring that cash at a very attractive cash rate, we may look to do that, depending on what M&A activity is bubbling up in our pipeline at that time.
Unknown Speaker: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl. Your line is open.
Michael Dahl - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. One question on paint side. A lot of focus on the price/cost relationship in paint over the past quarter, both for you and your competitors. And clearly, I think you're demonstrating that there are levers through which you can still drive very strong operating margins, and wondering if you could just lay out what your expectations are for the year now, as you think about starting to leverage the hub store investments, but then also potentially facing some greater material headwinds. Just what should we expect from paint margins?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Hey, Mike, this is Keith. When we look across the pluses and the minuses and contemplate the growth investments that we're making and the time that it's going to  there's some investments, as I talked about last call and this one. Those investments are a little bit ahead of the revenue, so we've got to drive the volume, but we fully expect to do that throughout the year and get them to pay off. We are and expect to see some commodity increases in TiO2 and some of the inputs into resin, but we also have a very strong brand and a strong innovation pipeline that gives us some favorability with regards to where we are in that price/cost relationship. Overall, when we look at where we think the year will come in, we're expecting some, I would call it, modest to moderate compression on our margins, and we're at a very high level, but we expect to finish the year above the margin in terms of the long-term guidance that we've talked about in this segment.
Michael Dahl - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. And shifting over to Windows, starting to see the signs of improvement and I think you mentioned that Joe's taking over as Group President officially. Can you talk about what your expectations are for Windows margins? I think you laid out mid-single digits for 2017, but as you look at the potential for improvement over the next two years to three years, what kind of the task is for the team there?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Well, we really haven't changed our long-term outlook on that. We call it the 10% to 13% margin expectations long-term for this business. It's going to take us some time to get there, but you know, we might  Joe's doing a great job. The team, frankly, is pulling point together very nicely. They are behind Joe. It's a nice team that we have out there and we're going to work hard to get back to those levels or get to those levels as quickly as we can.
Michael Dahl - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs. Your line is open.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning. Nice job.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Thank you.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I guess just going to the international business, I think EBIT margins were down there year-over-year for the second consecutive quarter. Is there a  can you talk about any investments that you're making in the Hansgrohe or is there any sort of different price/cost relationship that's happening internationally versus in North America?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, Tim, there was a little bit of investment in Q1 across the international businesses. One was this international trade show that we go to that cost us $4 million, $5 million in the first quarter. So, that's a component of it. And then similar to some of our other businesses, we're just making some small investments in management and some growth investments that  the four other small businesses that we have over in both UK and Germany. So, it's just some small investments that we're making across those businesses.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just maybe bigger picture in the paint business, I mean, are you seeing  there's been some speculation that there's just a structural change in the dynamics between Pro and DIY and I'm curious what your thoughts are on that, if you're seeing just maybe a lot more pressure on the DIY market as people maybe turning towards more professional painting.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: We've heard that, Tim, from others in the market, and our view is that while that may be a near-term phenomena, our view is that as the 90 million Millennials come through the system here and start getting into homes, whether they're multi-family homes or single-family homes, that they're going to be a little bit cash-strapped with their student debt and the like, and so therefore an easy home improvement initiative to undertake is painting your house. And they're more likely to be DIY painters than do-it-for-me painters. So, yes, we think while there might be a near-term  short-term issue, longer-term the dynamics play in our favor.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Good luck on the rest of the year.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Thank you.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim. Your line is open.
Trey Morrish - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, guys. It's actually Trey on for Steve. Thanks for taking some time for our questions. So, first I wanted to go back to your guidance of $1.90 to $2.00. You talked about it being a $0.06 benefit due to tax for the year. I was wondering what the other pushes and pulls are that caused you guys to change your guidance by, call it, $0.09 at the midpoint ex tax?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, I think a couple of things, Trey, that we've been seeing in the business over the course of the last several quarters and that's the continued strength we're seeing really across the business, in particular, Plumbing, as Keith mentioned early, is performing at an extremely high level. Then as you look at some of the other businesses, the sustainability and the improvement in our Cabinet operations there, and we feel very confident about how it will perform in the coming quarters, particularly once we get through the exit of this low-margin builder direct business. If you look at our paint business, again just continued solid performance from the Behr team and what they've been able to execute on both the DIY side as well as the Pro side in that business. So, that gives us a lot of confidence. And then we really are impressed with what Joe and the team are doing at Milgard to get that Window business turned around. So, if you think about each of the businesses and how they are performing, each is performing at a slightly higher level than we had initially anticipated, and so that gave us the confidence to raise our view of our performance for the balance of the year. You couple that with the $0.06 benefit from tax, and that's how you end up between that $1.90 and $2.00.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Trey, you may recall last call we talked about being very confident that we would exceed our $1.80 target. We felt that it was prudent to come out with some more clarity around a range of outcomes, particularly to serve as a jump-off point for our Investor Day when we're going to talk about our long-term growth strategies.
Trey Morrish - Evercore Group LLC: Got you. Thanks for that. And following a bit more on paint, you cited that Behr MARQUEE was definitely a benefit in the quarter. I was wondering if you could potentially quantify what better margin, the high-end Behr MARQUEE has against the normal Behr brand? And also, if you could, how much did raw mats impact the Decorative Architecture business as a whole in the quarter?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, Trey, just given the unique relationship that we have with a very large customer, we don't disclose those types of items, but appreciate the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo. Your line is open.
John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my call. First question is on, I guess, on the Milgard restructuring effort. Can you give us an idea of just kind of some of the things that Joe has accomplished so far? Maybe, kind of what's left to do here, and when are you anticipating that you'll have this thing wrapped up?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Well, we've really attacked it. Joe's organized a plan that touches across many fronts, so we've reorganized the reporting relationships and the structures. What really happened with this business is it's changed quite dramatically from where it was say five years ago or six years ago, where we were mainly a builder line of windows making, let's call it, open to mid-price point range products and very much consistency across the factories. And then over time, that's changed to where now we have gotten a much, much broader assortment focused, frankly, on repair and remodeling, which is good for us, more steady business, more repeatable business, higher margin business. So, it's all positive, but it did induce some change over time into the requirements of the supply chain. So, there was a significant amount of work that Joe and the team have done and continue to do with regards to dialing in the supply chain that is comfortable with increased SKU count and proliferation, if you will, of a larger assortment to go after DIY. And we've made some changes to the team. I would tell you that we're recruiting and are very close to landing a very talented executive to be the President for that business unit. And the reason for Joe's promotion is obviously commensurate with his performance that he's demonstrated and the way he's done it, his prowess with the Masco Operating System, but also a strong desire to want to continue and have continuity across these two businesses. And Joe gives us that, so we're excited about it, and Joe's going to do a great job.
John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's helpful. And then any updated thoughts around currency? I think you guys had outlined about $100 million hit to revenue in 2017. It looks like some of the rates have moved in your favor. Any updated thoughts there?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, no, we continue to look at about $100 million. No, you're right, John. If currency rates stay, that will probably come down a little bit off of that.
John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood. Your line is open.
Michael Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi, good morning, Keith and John. I understand the tough comp in the paint gallon growth that you had this quarter. I'm curious if you can give us any color in where that gallon growth is either tracking now at the start of 2Q or maybe where you're betting in your full year guidance in terms of gallon growth for paint?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Mike, we've kind of walked away from giving intra-quarter numbers, just because of some of the volatility that can be induced. So, not much to comment in the quarter. I think, for the full year we do expect, again, a continued modest gallon growth over the course of 2017.
Michael Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And you had called out incremental investment in Cabinets and Plumbing. Did you have any in paint this quarter? And just longer-term, is there any room for any more product expansion in paint? I know you've been pretty active over the past decade really there with rolling out new products.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, I'll take the first part of that and I'll let Keith talk about the new products. So, yes, we did have a little bit of incremental investment. That's related to the  it's really the waterfall effect of the hub store investments that we made in the first part in the second half of 2016. So, we'll still feel the effects of those really pretty much through all of 2017, though it should be diminishing effect as the year rolls out.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: On the innovation side, we've really been very proud of Behr and just building the team out there in terms of their steady pipeline of innovation that they've been able to deliver on, whether it's on the merchandising side with the Color Selection Center, to Paint & Primer in One, to DECKOVER. I mean, the list goes on and on with what they have been able to do. And as we review and look at the pipelines out there, we remain confident, and I would definitely not tell you that there's no more new products to be developed in the coatings space and Behr is going to be an active part of that in the industry.
Michael Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks. Going back to Windows, you had talked about a goal of getting to mid-single digits in terms of EBIT for this year and I think longer, more like 10%. Are those goals still achievable?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yes, I would say 10% to 13% on the long-term, and yes, mid-single digits is what we're going to get.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And I think there was an ERP issue last year that (44:37) cost in addition to the other problems you highlighted earlier. Is that now fixed?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Well, the ERP issue really involved the rollout to one of our factories and we've got that behind us and that factory is running very smoothly. In fact, we've started to roll that out to other factories. We had a rollout to our Dallas factory in the quarter and it went flawlessly. So, yes, we're in good shape there.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall. Your line is open.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, thanks for all the color. I guess we can skip the Investor Day. So, great quarter. I just had like kind of a cleanup question. Would it be okay just thinking about 2017, and again this is for Mr. Sznewajs, kind of like cash flow from operations, $750 million and CapEx at $150 million and free cash flow of $600 million as a ballpark just to think about your firepower for M&A?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, Bob, I think we've got CapEx of about $200 million for the year, so probably a little bit higher than that. But, I think your net number that you calculated is probably pretty much in the ballpark.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And are you having increased working capital intensity in the quarter?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Bob, we did have a little bit of seasonality going into the spring selling season, so I think our folks stocked up a little bit in order to meet anticipated demands, but I think that over the course of the year, that will tail off, and we'll get back to more normalized levels.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got you. And just one kind of big picture question and then I'll hop off. If you're thinking about domestic versus international markets and you look at the strength of domestic Plumbing versus Hansgrohe, how'd you qualify kind of like domestic R&R? It seems very robust, both in paint and Plumbing, contrast that with kind of what you're seeing in European markets and how you just  there's less clarity into demand side of the equation over there, what are you seeing on the ground and how do you think that evolves during the rest of the 2017 for Europe and international? Thanks and good luck.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thanks for the question, Bob. I think demand over in Europe remains solid. It's always been a case of where some of the countries run a little hotter at one point than the others, but by-and-large, when we look at Europe, we have good demand over there and we anticipate that to continue. Spain and Italy, believe it or not, has actually picked up and is performing nicely for us. So, on the European continent, and the UK is showing good solid demand. So, overall on the continent, it's good for us and outside, in terms of China and Asia-Pacific, very strong market and strong share gains for us with Hansgrohe. And we're continuing to invest in sales force to drive volume in our focused markets and innovation and design, et cetera. So, we feel good and we have a jewel, frankly, in Hansgrohe and it's doing well.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten. Your line is open.
Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hey, guys, just a quick question on Cabinets. Can you walk through the promotional activity throughout the quarter, especially in retail?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yes, retail promotions are good for us, oftentimes, and certainly that was the case this past quarter, our retail partners choose exclusive promotions because they want to promote the best brand in the category, and that's KraftMaid. That's good for them in terms of its driving foot traffic and it's good for us. It's profitable growth business for us and we participate in that. So, I would say overall the promotional environment was maybe up a little bit in the aisle, but it's a very solid business for us and continues to drive profitable growth.
Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-09 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Chaika - Masco Corp. Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp. John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.
Analysts: Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC Michael Dahl - Barclays Capital, Inc. Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Stephen Kim - Evercore Group LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Masco Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results Conference Call. My name is Shannon, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the call over to David Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Chaika - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Shannon, and good morning. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter and full year earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to today are available on our website under Investor Relations. Following our remarks, we will open the call for analyst questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we can't take your question now, please call me directly at 313-792-5500. Our statements today will include our views about our future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We describe these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our statements will also include non-GAAP financial measures. Our references to operating profit, earnings per share, or cash flow will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted. We reconcile these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our earnings release and presentation slides which are available on our website under Investor Relations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope all of you in the northeast are staying warm and safe as the storm rolls in. Let's turn to slide 4. I'm very pleased with our 2016 results and the progress we have made. We continue to execute the strategy laid out two years ago to realize the full potential of our businesses, to leverage opportunities across our businesses, and to actively manage our portfolio. This strategy delivered strong results in 2016. We gained share in our Plumbing and Decorative Architectural segments, and our powerful KraftMaid brand continued to gain share in our Cabinetry segment. And we invested in new products and new programs, positioning us for growth in the coming years. Our revenues for the year grew 4%, excluding the impact of currency, and our operating profit increased by $148 million as margins expanded 160 basis points to 14.6%. This performance demonstrates our strong operating leverage and our continued improvements in cost productivity. We also strengthened our balance sheet by retiring $400 million in debt while maintaining $1.2 billion in liquidity. Our net debt to EBITDA now stands at 1.5 times, providing us a potent tool to create shareholder value. Now let's discuss some of our key accomplishments in 2016. In our Plumbing segment, we delivered strong performance across our diverse global plumbing platform. With our four largest businesses Delta, Hansgrohe, Watkins and BrassCraft, each achieving record sales and record profits for the year. Our Delta Faucet Company had another great year with its growth outpacing the segment, both in its trade and retail channels. Additionally, Delta's luxury brand, Brizo, drove strong double-digit growth for the year. Hansgrohe continued to gain share in its core European markets and passed the 1 billion revenue mark for the first time in its 115-year history. My congratulations to the Hansgrohe team for achieving this historic milestone. In our Decorative Architectural segment, Behr continued to gain share in the Pro paint market. Our Pro initiative experienced double-digit growth throughout the year, and we will continue to make investments along with The Home Depot to capitalize on this significant opportunity. I'd like to congratulate the Behr team for being recognized as the Supplier Partner of the Year by The Home Depot. This prestigious award recognizes Behr's innovation, quality, focus on the customer, and drive for results and is indicative of the strong relationship we have with the outstanding team at The Home Depot. Turning to Cabinetry, we continued the rapid improvement in this business that began in 2015. Operating profit doubled to over $100 million as we continued to drive operational efficiencies, exited lower-margin business in the builder direct channel, and achieved profitable growth in our dealer and retail channels. KraftMaid generated strong growth in both the retail and dealer channels, and we are excited about our new product introductions that are expected to drive further growth in 2017 and beyond. These launches included trend-forward finishes to capitalize on the growing demand for great paints, new door styles, decorative accessories, and functional SKUs. Moving to windows, we had a challenging year at Milgard, our West Coast U.S. window business. We are implementing a focused improvement plan, which is being led by Joe Gross, our executive who led the very successful operational improvements in our Cabinetry business. While this will take some time, we are confident that Joe and the team will significantly improve this segment's profitability in 2017. Turning back to our consolidated results, our strong operating performance generated $535 million in free cash flow. Strong cash flow is a hallmark of Masco, enabling us to drive shareholder value through reinvesting in the business, selectively pursuing acquisitions with the right fit and return, and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Consistent with our balanced capital allocation strategy, we returned over $585 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends in 2016. I want to thank all of our employees worldwide for their hard work, dedication, and a great performance in 2016. I'll now turn the call over to John who will go over our operational and financial performance in greater detail.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance excluding the impact of rationalization and other onetime charges. Turning to slide 6, our 2016 performance was characterized by solid sales growth and strong operating margin expansion, driven by customer-focused innovation, new programs, operating leverage, productivity improvements, and a continued focus on cost control. The fourth quarter was our 21st consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and operating profit growth. We finished the year strong with both our fourth quarter and full-year sales increasing 4%, excluding the impact of currency translation. Currency translation negatively impacted our sales in the fourth quarter by approximately $25 million and the full year by approximately $68 million as the U.S. dollar strengthened against most major currencies including the euro, British pound, and Canadian dollar. Based on year-end exchange rates, we estimate that currency will negatively impact our 2017 sales by approximately $100 million. North American sales increased 3% for both the fourth quarter and the full year due to strong demand for our repair and remodeling products across all channels of distribution and across the price continuum as consumers are trading up to our better and best product offerings. As a reminder, repair/remodel activity represents approximately 83% of our total sales. International sales increased 8% in local currency in the quarter and increased 6% in local currency for the full year as our international plumbing businesses continued to drive growth and profitability. Gross margins expanded approximately 150 basis points to 32.8% in the quarter, expanded approximately 200 basis points to 33.6% for the full year. Our SG&A as a percent of sales increased 170 basis points to 20.2% of sales for the fourth quarter. This was primarily due to increased medical insurance costs of $10 million, which negatively impacted EPS by approximately $0.02 per share, and as we discussed last quarter, approximately $15 million of planned strategic investment to drive profitable growth. For the full year 2017, we believe SG&A as a percent of sales will approximate the same level as full year 2015. We delivered solid bottom line performance in 2016, as operating income increased 16% for the full year, with margins expanding 160 basis points to 14.6%. For the fourth quarter, our EPS increased 14% to $0.33, and for the full year, it increased 27% to $1.51. Turning to slide 7, to put it simply, our Plumbing segment had an outstanding year. The segment continued to deliver profitable growth and margin expansion in the fourth quarter with Delta, Hansgrohe and Watkins, each posting a record quarter for both sales and profits. Segment sales in the quarter increased 7%, excluding the impact of currency, driven by strong sales increases in faucets, showers, and spas. Currency impacted sales in this segment by approximately $15 million in the quarter and approximately $44 million for the full year. North American sales increased 6% with strong growth in both the retail and the wholesale channels. We are pleased with this result as North America was up against a difficult 14% sales growth comp in the fourth quarter of 2015. Our European performance was very strong in the quarter as our international plumbing businesses grew sales by 9% in local currency. We continued to experience sales growth around the globe, with particular strength in Asia and Northern Europe. Additionally, our premium price point products continued to outperform as Hansgrohe's luxury brand, Axor, grew double-digits again this quarter. Operating profit in the quarter increased 15%, driven by incremental volume and a favorable price commodity relationship. These benefits were partially offset by higher medical costs and increased strategic growth investment, which collectively aggregated approximately $15 million for the Plumbing segment. Turning to the full year, Delta, Hansgrohe, BrassCraft and Watkins, all experienced record sales and operating profit for the year. Excluding the impact of currency translation, sales increased 7%, driven, again, by faucets, showers and spas. North American sales grew 7%, excluding the impact of currency translation related to the Canadian dollar, as we continued to experience strong growth in both the wholesale and retail channels during the year. More specifically, Delta Faucet's luxury brand, Brizo, grew double-digits in 2016 and continues to drive consumer demand in showrooms for our innovative new products. In addition, Delta gained share in faucets and showers with new product introductions at both retail and trade. Our European businesses continued to outperform, delivering 7% sales growth in local currency, as Hansgrohe grew its share in its core central European markets with new faucet and shower offerings. Full year operating profit grew 26%, driven by volume growth and a favorable price commodity relationship. Turning to slide 8, the Decorative Architectural Products segment grew 5%, as we continued to experience strong growth across our Behr Pro business as well as our core DIY products. Our high single-digit gallon growth in the quarter was partially offset by the timing of incremental promotional expense that we previously discussed on our third quarter call. Liberty Hardware also contributed to the top and bottom line growth, as they set their innovative shower door program in the remaining 800 plus Home Depot stores in the quarter. Operating income decreased 12% as increased volume was more than offset by approximately $5 million of planned strategic growth investments as we staffed the 100 new hub stores with Behr Pro reps and approximately $15 million in rebates, promotions and an unfavorable price commodity relationship. Full-year sales grew 4%, driven by Behr's strong Pro growth, solid performance in our core DIY products, and Liberty Hardware's continued share gains from successful new product introductions and program wins in the retail channel. To provide more color on our Pro business, our initiatives continued to drive results as this customer segment grew strong double-digits in 2016, and we gained share with the Pro. This outstanding performance demonstrates our commitment together with The Home Depot to invest in and capitalize on this significant opportunity. Full year operating income increased 7%, principally due to operating leverage on higher volume, partially offset by an unfavorable price commodity relationship. As a reminder, going into 2017, this segment grew 9% in the first quarter of 2016, a difficult comp. Turning to slide 9, in the Cabinetry segment, sales declined 8% in the fourth quarter and 5% for the full year due to our deliberate exit of lower-margin business within the builder direct channel in the U.S. and at select low-margin accounts in our UK Cabinet business. KraftMaid's strong performance in the quarter partially offset this decline. In the retail channel, KraftMaid experienced double-digit growth in the fourth quarter as well as year-over-year share gains. In the dealer channel, KraftMaid drove mid single-digit growth in both the fourth quarter and the full year through increased volume and favorable mix and as its new products continue to resonate with kitchen designers and consumers. We are proud of the improved operating performance as full year segment profitability doubled to $101 million with operating margins of 10.4%. Improved mix through the continued growth of our semi-custom KraftMaid offering and the benefits associated with operational and other cost savings initiatives drove this result. 2017, we believe the revenue impact of our decision to exit builder direct business and our retail kitchen countertop business will be complete by the end of the second quarter. This exit will negatively impact sales by approximately $20 million in the first quarter and by approximately $5 million in the second quarter. With this exit nearly behind us, we are positioning this business for growth as we have several major product introductions in Q1 and Q2. We will incur approximately $5 million in launch costs in Q1 related to these new product introductions. Turning to slide 10, our Windows segment sales increased 2% in the fourth quarter and 5% for the full year, excluding the impact of currency, driven by growth in Milgard, our leading western U.S. window business. Milgard's continued growth is due to a positive mix shift toward our premium window and door product lines and favorable pricing. Excluding the negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, our European window sales increased 6% in the fourth quarter and 7% for the full year, driven by volume and share gains. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted this segment sales by approximately $9 million for the fourth quarter and $22 million for the full year. Segment profitability in the fourth quarter matched the prior year and decreased $59 million for the full year. Full-year performance was primarily due to the additional warranty accrual in our Milgard business, incremental labor costs and inefficiencies, and ERP-related expenses, which we have discussed on previous earnings calls. Despite the segment's recent performance, we are executing the Milgard turnaround plan, and it is on track to deliver improved results in 2017. Turning to slide 11, our year-end balance sheet was strong with approximately $1.2 billion of liquidity. We continue to produce some of the best working capital results in the industry as working capital as a percent of sales was 11.3% at year-end. This is a result of the great supply chain execution that helped us generate $535 million of free cash flow, which includes an incremental $50 million pension contribution made in 2016. During 2016, we repurchased approximately 15 million shares valued at approximately $460 million, putting more than $200 million in the fourth quarter. We currently have 12.9 million shares left in our $50 million share repurchase program, which we plan on completing in 2017 subject to market conditions. We also increased the annual dividend by $0.02 to $0.40 per common share. Since 2014, we have returned more than $1.4 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Finally, one of our strategies has been to achieve an investment grade credit rating. We have worked hard to improve our credit metrics. The strong earnings growth we have delivered over the last several years, coupled with the strengthening of our balance sheet through debt reduction and excellent working capital management, has led to significantly stronger credit profile. Today, net debt to EBITDA stands at 1.5 times. These improvements led Fitch to raise our credit rating to investment grade in late December. We are extremely pleased with this outcome and the financial flexibility it provides us. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you, John. 2016 was a great year for Masco, and we have tremendous opportunities in front of us. The fundamentals driving our business are strong. Demographics, namely the large millennial group, are increasingly favorable and should drive household formations and housing for years to come. Home prices are appreciating, boosting consumer confidence to invest in their homes. Housing turnover, a leading indicator for our business, increased approximately 4% in 2016 to 5.4 million units. And U.S. residential housing stock is aging, a key driver of repair and remodel spend with 50 million homes in the United States now over 40 years old, an increase of over 6 million units over the past 10 years. Given our leading positions, strong channel relationships, robust innovation pipelines, and the ability to drive growth and productivity through our Masco operating system, we are well positioned to capitalize on these strong fundamentals. Combined with our strong balance sheet and robust cash flow, we will drive shareholder value through reinvesting in the business, selectively pursuing acquisitions with the right fit and return, and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We are confident that we will exceed our 2017 earnings per share target of $1.80 that we set in 2015. We hope to see many of you at our Investor Day on May 16 in New York City when we will update you on our progress towards this goal and our longer-term strategy. With that, we'll now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Hi, Mike.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: The first question I had was on some of the margin results, in particular, Cabinets and Plumbing. Earlier in the year, we saw a great margin increase year-over-year in both segments actually, cabinets and Plumbing. Still strong performance year-over-year in the fourth quarter, but maybe a little less than we were expecting. I don't know if others were similarly  maybe had a little bit higher margin outlook. But we're just trying to triangulate if you think about some of the improvement in the first half versus the second half, what were the differences there. On an absolute rate, it came down by a few hundred basis points. And how to think about, as you look at 2017 versus 2016, the trajectory for further margin improvement?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Sure, Mike. I'll take part of this, and Keith can also chime in on this one. So, let's start with the Cabinets segment. To your point, the first half of the year, we showed some pretty strong margin improvement in this segment. You may recall that we did cite in Q1 we had $4 million of favorability due to underspending on marketing and other initiatives in that segment, and then we also cited a similar favorability in the second quarter. We tried to guide the Street not to think about the margins that we are posting in the first two quarters of the year to be reflective of what our current run rate is but rather what our long-term potential of that business is. And so, what you saw is more normalized investment in the back half of the year as we introduced new products and programs that just require investment as you reset displays and other things out in the field. So, while we are significantly up from prior years, I think what you'll see in the Cabinet segment going into 2017 is continued steady margin expansion. And long term, we did say that we do believe that this business can be kind of low to mid-teens business. And I think just what happened is people got maybe a little bit overly aggressive in their forecast in terms of timing as to when we might experience those types of results. In Plumbing, you're right. We did experience some nice margin growth in the first half of the year, and that really continued into the back half of the year particularly in the third quarter. Where we did see a little bit of margin compression is in the third quarter. And we tried to outline that for you here on the call. We had the $5 million of medical insurance costs that we incurred unexpectedly in the quarter plus about $10 million of strategic growth investment, which was elevated a little bit. And we pulled some forward  we had foreshadowed about $5 million for the quarter back on our third quarter call and that did increase to $10 million for the fourth quarter, so a little bit more than we had expected. Sp we're not lacking any confidence as to where our margin profile is going to go in the Plumbing segment. We feel really good about the performance of the segment. So, no significant change on where we believe that business will perform long term.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah. Just to piggyback a little bit on John's comments, we've been consistent in talking about our number one capital allocation priority, being to invest in our existing business. We've got great brands, strong innovation pipelines, and putting our money behind these brands and pipelines is the best returns for our shareholders. So, that's really what we're doing. The growth investment that we've had this quarter in Plumbing focused on Hansgrohe and Delta. With regards to Hansgrohe, we're driving share gains in our core European markets with increased marketing spend and some feet on the street to drive that. It's very productive for us. Obviously, it takes some time to work into those investments. There's a bit ahead of revenue. But we've proven frankly that we can leverage these, and we're going to do that. For Delta, we're putting money into our showrooms and our showroom displays. I was just out in the Midwest looking at some of those first displays, and they look great. And they're going to drive great volume and foot traffic, and our showroom customers are loving them. A lot of buzz out in the market for that. And we've made significant investments in e-business. We've got a great dedicated team at Delta that's focused on that. We've got variable comp and P&L metrics focused on that along with growth metrics, and that business leader is doing an outstanding job, and we believe we have the leading position in that online channel. And long term, as we look into next year and beyond, we fully expect this Plumbing segment to be in the high-teens margins. With regards to Cabinets, as John said, it's a similar story. We're investing behind that brand. In this particular case, it's really about product introduction and listening to the voice of the customer and delivering on that. So, we had some product launch costs here in this quarter. And if you look at prior quarters, we're a little light as we talked about and we're fully transparent on. We had a little bit of higher promotion that's been very productive for us. So, we had a great year. Our margins expanded 560 basis points in Cabinets, and we expect ahead of our exits of builder direct to grow this business and to continue to expand the margins as we look at 2017, so really about investing in our brands and our innovation pipelines and continuing with those investments to drive margin expansion.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I appreciate that, Keith, and thanks for the additional comments on the new products. Obviously, it's a key part of managing the business. Secondly on Decorative, this quarter, again on the margin side, kind of switched to down year-over-year versus being up year-over-year in the last couple of quarters. And there were several drivers, John, that you cited that was behind that. And I'm thinking in particular about the $15 million rebate or promotional rebates and the unfavorable price commodity relationship. On the rebate side, was that something greater than expected? How should we think about that in terms of a  I don't know if it's a onetime issue or just a year-end issue that may be was bigger than usual. And also, going into 2017, price commodity, we've talked a lot about TiO2 and how to think about  and you've had a couple of years of roughly 20%, slightly better than 20%. How should we think about the trajectory for 2017?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah. Sure, Mike. In terms of the rebate question that you asked, because of the strength of our performance both at Behr and as well as Liberty Hardware in that segment, a couple of our customers did reach higher rebate tiers, which drove that. So, your question was unanticipated, yeah, we knew they were approaching it and we weren't certain they were going to reach it, but indeed they did. So, that's good news for both us and our channel partner that they're growing rapidly. In terms of the second part of your question on TiO2, yes, we have seen some relatively modest inflation in titanium dioxide, particularly as we entered the back half of the year. And as I'm sure you're aware, you've seen some of the manufacturers put out further announcements on future price increases for the first half of 2017. And so, we continue to work on this with our suppliers and we're going to continue to monitor the situation. We don't think inflation is going to be extraordinary in 2017. We do think, again, it will continue to be modest, kind of low single-digit inflation in 2017. But you never know how these things play out, so we'll stay on top of that. And to the extent that we need to, we'll put through pricing if we have to.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah. In terms of as expected or not expected, there's always a little bit of fluctuation when you're talking about growth investments and promotions and rebates. But we really did call this out last quarter and we're on plan to continue to invest in this business. Making the hub store investment, we did the first 100 stores, and it worked out fabulously for us. We're making the next 100-store investment. We know why we're doing it and how we should do it. We're doing it close to the existing hub stores, so the Pros in a given city are free to go to The Home Depot wherever they are around that city to get their paint. So it's efficient for us. And we're confident that while the investment obviously is ahead of revenue a little bit, that we will grow our way and work our way into that. We expected some modest TiO2. We talked about that last quarter. We're seeing that. It remains to be seen what'll happen on the resin side, but as we've have talked over time, we remain flush with regards to price and commodities. And overall, when we look at this business, we're continuing to expect growth in 2017. And if there is margin degradation, it will be modest, and this business will continue to be in the high teens.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman Associates. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thank you. I guess, the first question is just, I think you had mentioned that Joe was moving over to run the windows business or maybe he's just assuming the windows business as well. Just want to clarify that. And then if that's the case, how we should think about where Cabinets is in sort of restructuring efforts or recovery efforts? Is this a sign that you feel very favorable about the direction there and that's now more about executing as opposed to restructuring?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Cabinets is in great shape, Dennis. I was intimately involved with the improvement plan with Joe. And a big part of that improvement plan is this business is long-term in our portfolio. We wanted to build a solid bench, and Joe did that. Our CFO, Gordie Fournier, while he's a Michigan State Spartan, he still does a pretty good job. He's doing great. And Joe was still over that business. Gordie has stepped up his game and is running more and more of that business. Joe is spending a good portion of his week out west with the team at Milgard, rebuilding that team, and he's also spending time in Ann Arbor and helping Gordie run the Cabinet business. So very confident in the team at Cabinets as we've talked about. We're going to execute and finish up the final exit of some of that business that we purposefully are exiting in builder direct. We're driving good solid growth and profitable growth in retail. And in our dealer business, we're investing both at the lower opening price point in our Merillat and Quality brands, and KraftMaid is absolutely cooking. So, feel very confident in both continued margin expansion and overall net growth in Cabinets. Cabinets is in good shape. In terms of the Windows team, Joe is out there. We've made significant changes with eliminating positions, restructuring the organization. The general manager of that business has retired. And we're recruiting for a general manager for that business. And we have folks from our Masco operating system team that are out there. As we've talked last quarter, we had our senior executives and supply chain from Delta out there helping. And frankly, we're getting very nice traction. So, we expect very nice profitability improvement and continued growth out of that segment. So, the bench and the management team and talent development, frankly, is something that's top of mind for our organization and for me personally, and we are comfortably in good shape both at cabinets and windows.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Well, Keith, I think as long as you don't hire any Buckeye's, you should be in good shape there.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Couldn't agree more.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Just a quick follow-up on Cabinets as well. With some of the exits that you've mentioned on the direct builder side and I think others have talked about this as well and it seems to be something that's pretty prevalent this cycle, at least this portion of the cycle, do you think the new construction piece of the business is just going to operate differently going forward than it has in the past, whether it be size of supplier or how you have to get to the builders?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: That's a good question. I think we are seeing overall a shift from the bigger cabinet companies moving away from some of those larger but regional builder direct models, where, frankly, a local competitor can do a better job and can survive or be content, if you will, on lower margins in a model where they're working for their wages, and it works out well for them. So, I think that shift is probably there. I would tell you that there certainly is components of the builder business and I would include in that large national builder business that makes sense for a company like ours to serve. It's driven by a combination of local density in the area where we can optimize the last mile delivery and the management of the install and punch out of the job. It has to do, to a good extent, with some mix and the relative take per unit because the cost really doesn't vary for a home when you talk about last mile and install and warranty and punch out. But it certainly does vary on the top line and take per home when you start to move the mix. So, I think clearly, there is a shift where there's going to be more regional players that are taking some of the tighter business. But we're going to ultimately, very quickly here by the second quarter of next year have this business where we want it, and we think there are some growth opportunities there.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks again, guys. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Dahl - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Keith, I wanted to start with paint and going back to your comments in response to Mike Rehaut's questions related to the hub store investments. And it sounds like you're now embarking on the rollout of the next 100 stores. Can you just give us a sense of where you are in that process? Is this something that we should now think of as kind of layering on 100 a year over the next couple of years? And then if so, maybe this is John as well, but is this investment then  should we just think of this as kind of a recurring investment for the next couple of years?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: So, Mike, just where we stand in terms of the 100 hub stores. Just for everyone's benefit, we've hired 100 hub store representatives to serve these  just for everyone's knowledge  these are Behr employees that we're putting in The Home Depot stores to assist the Pro contractors that come into the stores with their sales. And so, we placed 100 hub store representatives in the third quarter, and we placed and hired the second 100 hub store representatives in the fourth quarter. So, we're fully staffed with our 200. In terms of the way we're looking at it, right now, just because of the timing of things, we got a little bit of cost ahead of sales. So, we're funding their salaries, but we're still building up the revenue generation for each of the representatives. In terms of the go forward, will we incur additional hub stores? That really depends on the productivity of the first 200. And as you might expect, we've seeded the stores with what we think and The Home Depot think are the most productive Pro paint stores within their network. And then if there are going to be a third 100 reps, they would be the next most productive stores. That really depends on the productivity of the first 200 before we and The Home Depot would move to add anyone else at this point.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: I'd tell you, Mike, we're committed to investing in the Pro business. It's worked out well for us thus far, and we definitely see a direct path to it continuing to work. What I love about how this initiative has played out is the flexibility that both the Behr team and Kevin Scott and his team at The Home Depot have shown. And in the case of the hub store staffing and rollout, we've shown that it works, so we're going to increase that. The team has also looked at information technology aspects of this segment, how we can invest in information technology so that it's a smoother transaction for the Pro in terms of how they're able to access data about the tinting of a particular job to how quickly they can get in and out of the store with regards to where they pay and how they pay to how quickly we get the product to them, et cetera. So, we're committed to continuing to invest in this Pro segment and this Pro initiative because it works. I think that's the key message. In terms of specifically if we're here to say that there's 100 a year and plan on that investment, no, I wouldn't go that way. We're going to make sure that this works out. We're going to drive leverage in this investment, continue to drive our productivity because at the end of the day, we need that to continue to invest, and then we'll invest. This double-digit growth that we're experiencing is a nice pace for us, and we intend to continue it.
Michael Dahl - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks for that. And it makes sense. Certainly, the top line would suggest that there's some good traction there. Then just shifting gears back to windows, this is the one business where there have been some real challenges in terms of tracking towards your longer-term goals and how you think about what that business needs to do to earn an appropriate return. And appreciate that there's a lot of work to do, but is there any more quantification you can give us about kind of what Joe is tasked with as far as getting to the 10% margin that I think is still your long-term target? What type of timeframe is involved there and how we should think about the progression?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah. So, as you heard us say in our prepared remarks, Mike, that we think that the business is on track for its improvement plan that Joe and the team are initiating, and they're focusing on a couple of things. You may recall up until the first quarter of 2016 that this business had experienced 14 consecutive quarters of high single or low double-digit growth. So, the company's ability to grow is unquestioned. And they lost their path in the last couple of quarters, but we think Joe and the team are doing the right things in terms of not only the internal operational improvements that they're going after but then again, also reengaging with the external customers and continuing to drive the growth of this business. So, we do think long term that this business can exhibit those very nice growth dynamics that we had experienced several quarters back. And we do think also long term that this can be a double-digit business. But long term is not 2017, but it's probably 2018 or beyond. So, still got some work to do. We do think for this year, 2017, we think this will probably kind of a mid-single-digit business as Joe and the team continue to work their plan.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: I'd tell you, a bump in the road doesn't change the city we're driving to. This is a part of our platform. We haven't changed that from a strategic perspective. We did have a challenging year. Joe and the team are doing a great job. We like what we're seeing initially, and it's going to continue. And as John said, we expect this to be back in that mid-single-digit margin range and to continue to grow and march on our way towards our long-term objectives.
Michael Dahl - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Wanted to ask a question about taxes, just all the discussion in Washington about tax reform. John, I was wondering if you could maybe give us an update on the cash balances overseas that might be subject to any tax changes. The border tax, if you can give us a sense of how much imported quantity there is that might be affected by that. And then the corporate tax rate, I think that's pretty straightforward or maybe there are some tax credits, like the Section 199. So, just maybe your general thoughts on that (45:50) might be impacted.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Sure. As you know, it's a fairly dynamic environment now around taxes, and there's not a lot of clarity to where the final outcome may be. So, we do have our tax group internally, a team that is evaluating the proposals. As we learn more about each, we kind of focus on it. So, in terms of what we're seeing out there in terms of the cash overseas, we do have about $600 million of cash over in Europe and other jurisdictions. Some of them would be easily brought back to the United States if there were a favorable tax regime put in place that we could bring it back. So, other foreign cash, though, recall, is trapped. It's more difficult to get cash out of certain jurisdictions like China and some of the other Asian countries. So, that will probably be able to be freed up as easily. In terms of the broader overall corporate tax rate, as we've been guiding you, we've been experiencing 36% tax rate and we are a 36% cash taxpayer. So, any relief on corporate taxes would be a benefit, subject to any of the other provisions that may get put out there such as the border adjustment tax that you alluded to and the Section 199 issue that you alluded to as well. So, a lot of kind of ambiguity out there, and we really won't know more until later in the year when some of this comes into clear focus. Keith, do you want to talk a little bit about the border adjustment tax?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah, I think about the three issues regarding the border adjustment tax. Number one and John alluded to this, there's a lot of moving parts here, and we really don't know where it's going to ultimately land and when, if it does land, when it does land, if it will be on finished goods or on components or how it will be structured. So, nothing is set yet. So, the key here is to be diligent and to watch what's happening and to have scenarios around what potentially could happen. And we're doing that with our outstanding tax department. The second thing is this potential tax puts a premium on supply chain flexibility. And when you look at our supply chain, we really have outstanding teams in both our business units as well as here at corporate to drive synergy across our business unit, and that's obviously easy to say. But take a look at our working capital as a percent of sales. To me, that is one of the most all-encompassing, ultimate, if you would, metric around the quality of our supply chain leadership teams, and we are industry leading and we've continued to improve these outstanding results. So, we have a great team, and they've got the tools to use. We've got 40 factories in the United States and roughly I think 13 factories outside the United States. We've talked over several quarters about the ability of our supply chain to handle our planned growth without significant capital investment. Said another way, we planfully kept some capacity in our chain. And that capacity can be used together with this outstanding team to take advantage of flexibility. So, that second point of flexibility, we're very strong. And then thirdly, it's really about competitiveness. It's about how do we stack up against the competition because this will happen to everybody in terms of our mix of business and our flexibility. And when you think about it, our windows business and paint business really is not an issue. This is a make it here, sell it here supply chain for those two. In terms of Cabinetry, we import a little bit of lumber and wood, but we import significantly less lumber than our main competition. So, we have a structural competitive advantage there. And then Plumbing, which would be our most impacted segment, we have significant manufacturing facilities in Indiana, Tennessee, California, North Carolina, Texas that are very flexible. And we've demonstrated that flexibility. You may recall there was an anti-dumping issue a while back on plywood. So, we changed the value added. We decided to laminate the melamine here, and we decided to cut it to size here to reduce the value added and essentially, avoid the impact of that anti-dumping tariff, and we did that in about six days. So, we've got the flexibility. We have the competitive advantage. And I am not concerned about this issue.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. No, that's very, very helpful. Switching gears to Plumbing, the international sales component has had a good run here. So, I just wanted to dig into that a little bit. You touched on  I imagine, obviously, Hansgrohe driving most of that. You touched on the core European market growth in your commentary. Just wondering if you could dig in to the drivers of that a little further. Is that mainly core market, new product growth as you were mentioning? Is that continued expansion into new territories? If you could just kind of give us the rundown there, please.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: A combination of several things. Not so much expansion into new territories per se. We're focused on seven core markets. China, United States are two of those seven, and then we have the rest primarily in Central Europe. So, it's regions where we have solid teams, where we know the markets, where we have great customer relationships. So, it's more about increasing the share of wallet, if you will, of a region where we're already established. And that's important because that's the highest leveraged place for us to go with our investment. In terms of the type of investment, again, it's a combination. We are increasing our marketing spend to build a consumer brand and get Hansgrohe more known and create consumer pull. We have very strong trade pull, and we've been very diligent in cultivating that. And now, we're moving a little bit more into the consumer pull. Honestly, this is a similar playbook to what we did in Delta, and it's very effective. So, there's some advertising and promotions, marketing spend, if you will. And then there's feet on the street. Thorsten Klapproth, our CEO over there, is carefully putting in folks to help drive in segment-focused areas to achieve our objectives of continued growth. So, it's a combination of salespeople, of restructuring to go after targeted segments, increasing brand spend to drive consumer pull, and of course, taking care of the core.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, I would like to remind our participants that in order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would request that you limit yourself to asking one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A. Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Just going back to windows, I know it sounds like we have several things and problems going on, but ERP install was one that hit the segment. Can you talk about what the spend on that was in 2016 and how much in timing of that will fall away in 2017?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah, Keith. So, you may recall on our third quarter call, we talked about the fact that we're going to slow down the rollout of the ERP. And so, roughly, we spent approximately $15 million and a roughly $3 million to $4 million a quarter that we've been spending on that. And we continue to roll out the ERP over the course of 2017, and we don't expect that $15 million to increase at all. It will be a very similar spend level going into 2017 and beyond.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So, the comments earlier of that business getting back to mid single-digit EBIT in 2017, what's driving that? It doesn't look like it's an ERP cost falloff. What kind of things will be coming in to help out?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah. A couple of things, Keith, that should be driving. Obviously, the big one is that we incurred $31 million of warranty expense in 2016, which we know won't recur in 2017. So, that's a big mover. The other thing is, recall, when we got into the issues in the second and third quarter, we were running a fair amount of labor inefficiencies. And there's one thing that Joe Gross is really good at doing is going into a facility and identifying those inefficiencies and streamlining processes to make them better. So, while they won't go to zero, I think Joe and the team have got a really good view as to how to improve the underlying efficiency of the operation.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I can't believe you have a Spartan on payroll, but we'll move past that. It's great that you guys have returned $1.4 billion, and you got a great investment grade credit rating. Kudos to Sznewajs for that. Just trying to understand, Keith, it's been transformation story since you became CEO. You got rid of the installation business and spun it out. You got close to $1 billion cash and immense liquidity. Do you want to go out and buy something like a big windows business or a door business or where do you want to grow? What makes sense? You got a great Plumbing business. You're very clear in terms of your objectives with the paint business at Behr. What's the next step for the business? Is it more of a balanced capital allocation approach? Would you like to expand in adjacent categories? What do you see in the landscape today?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: I think it's the way you characterize it as a balanced approach, that continues. I would put mergers and acquisition up a little bit in terms of how we're looking at it, but we haven't changed our approach to those, to mergers and acquisitions, that being our focus is on bolt-ons and paint and plumbing. And we are looking at other areas. The pipeline is growing and our velocity through that pipeline is faster than it was a year ago. So, I like how the team is looking at it, but we're going to be patient. We're going to be careful that we don't overpay. And our focus is on return on invested capital. We need to be able to bring value to a business that we buy and the business that we buy needs to fit in to our portfolio. And for us, as I said, our focus is on bolt-on. Paint and plumbing is the center of the target of the bull's eye, if you will, but we're looking at other areas. In terms of the relative size and if we would make a big one, we would if it made sense. That's not our focus. But if we were able to find a bigger, call it, transformative deal that added shareholder value, that was a solid return for us above our cost of capital and where we had a real no-kidding ability to add value to the business in terms of both top line and profitability, then we would look at it.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. That's helpful. And I'm glad you guys are getting more forthright with that. You mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're comfortable that you're exceeding $1.80 EPS target for 2017. And I was just hoping you could kind of give a big picture overview of what your thoughts are in end markets on the new res and the R&R spending side. And if you're already comfortable at this early stage in the year saying we're going to get ahead of that, what specifically? Is it better top line growth or better margin performance after a year of investment last year? What's getting you over the line and kind of how much better do you think you can do than $1.80?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: In terms of the overall macros, as I said in my prepared remarks, we really do think that the fundamentals are strong. And we're 80% plus in  83%, I think, is accurate in terms of our R&R as a percent of our mix. And we think that's stable and growing. On the new construction side, the demographics of those millennials, as the average age gets up to 30 over the next five years, is very positive with regards to the increase in families and the need for moving out of the basement and starting to form households, which then starts the move-up cycle. So, we think the macros are very solid. While interest rates are going up and could maybe put a potential bit of a drag on new home construction, we still think it's going to grow in that 8% range. That's our call on that. And we see a pivot to faster growth in single family than multifamily. And in single family, we have a greater take per home than in multifamily. With regards to how we see exceeding our $1.80, mainly on margin expansion. We're off, as you know, on our estimates and how we called the market, particularly in the coatings market. We thought the coatings market would grow a little faster than it did. We're taking share, we believe, call the market flat to down a little bit last year. So, we're off a little bit in that, but we're making it up in better margin performance and better conversion costs. With regards to specifically how much we think we're going to beat it by, Bob, that's why you got to come to New York in May and we'll talk about it.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So, 2017 for Masco is going to be like healthy top line, kind of low to mid-single-digit growth, you got the right people in place on the Windows business, you're getting rid of less profitable business in Cabinets. So, it's really going to be a margin story with a free cash flow focus.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah, Bob. I think that's right. Because if you recall, when we set that $1.80 target, we assumed constant currency from May of 2015. Currency has moved against us pretty significantly. So, the fact that we're expressing the fact we're going to beat the $1.80, just goes to the confidence we have in the operations of our business.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good stuff, guys. Love the confidence. Good luck this year.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thanks very much, guys. I had a question for you about the Plumbing business. My recollection was that last winter, there was like a pull forward that benefited your 4Q, which means that you had kind of a tough comp in this past quarter on a year-over-year basis, and that, therefore, my expectation would be that you might have an easier comp as you get into the 1Q. I just want to make sure I was thinking about that right on the Plumbing business. And then with respect to the marketing spend there, I was curious whether you think this is going to continue at the same rate in 2017 as it did in 2016.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah. So, I'll take the first part, Stephen. You're right. We did have a pretty tough comp in the fourth quarter of 2015. In my prepared remarks, I said we grew 14% in the Plumbing segment in Q4 of 2015, so what we posted in Q4 of 2016 is a really good result coming against that tough comp. You're right. We have a slightly easier comp going into Q1. I think we were up 5% ex-currency in Q1 of 2016. SO, I think we do have a slightly easier comp than we did in the fourth quarter. But with respect to the second part of your question, I'll let Keith take that one.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah, our market spend, particularly as we think about Hansgrohe, we think that will continue. And we're going to drive leverage across Central Europe as we continue those investments. So, yeah, I would anticipate that we're going to continue these kind of investments because they're working for us. And these are strong brands, and we have, as we've talked about in the past, particularly with Hansgrohe, we have outstanding coverage across the globe, doing business in over 135 countries, but we have relatively thin market share in most of those countries, but we're able to make money because of our strong gross margin. So, we have a nice white space in those spaces. So, yes, I would anticipate that investment to continue. With regards to state side here with Delta, there is some lumpiness to the spend, right? So, sometimes we have new product introductions or we have displays that we change. So, quarter to quarter, there will be some lumpiness. But with regards to this overall Plumbing platform and the business, I think it's a smart move to continue to invest it. We're going to continue to grow this business, and we're going to keep those margins up in the high teens.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: One of the things, Stephen, just to call out for Q1 of 2017 is we is do have our large biennual trade show, ISH, in Frankfurt that there may be some incremental spend in Q1 in the Plumbing segment on that one, several million dollars. So, just you might want to factor that into your thinking about Q1.
Stephen Kim - Evercore Group LLC: Right. Yeah. Thanks for reminding us about that. Okay. Great. And then in Cabinets, obviously, retail had very strong results. I think you mentioned up strong double digits, which is great. So, it looks like you kind of gained some share there in retail. I was curious if you could comment on what role promotional activity and marketing spend maybe played in that. And we had expected about $5 million in marketing expense in 4Q. I was wondering, did that actually happen? And what should we expect in fiscal 2017 beyond that $5 million in the first quarter that you talked about?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Promotions in retail did play a factor in the growth, no question about it. And we do that because it works. It drives profitable growth in our Cabinet segment. And when you have the advantage that we have of having fewer brands and stronger brands, this is the type of thing that happens. The retailer comes to us and says they want to do exclusive promotions, and we do that together with them. So, it makes good business sense to drive profitable growth in this fashion. Think about it. We've got leading market share in both big boxes, and when you think about the mix of retail in our Cabinet business versus our competition and then you look at our overall margin, we're right there. So, the numbers don't lie. That tells the story about us being able to leverage this competitive advantage with our brands and do it in a very profitable way. And interestingly enough, we did it with the same calendar we've been using for the last 2,000 years. We didn't change anything on our calendar, and we're driving this business profitably.
Stephen Kim - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Okay. Thanks very much, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: At this time, I would like to thank our participants for their participation in today's call. That is all the time we have today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Chaika - Masco Corp. Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp. John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.
Analysts: Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman & Associates Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC Stephen S. Kim - Evercore ISI Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation Third Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. My name is Kim and I'll be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the call over to Dave Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin your conference, sir.
David Chaika - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Kim, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2016 third quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. As a reminder, we would appreciate if you would limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we're unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to call me directly at 313-792-5500. I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Any references to operating profit, earnings per share or cash flow on today's call will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted, with a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our quarterly press release and presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide four, I'm pleased with our performance in the third quarter of 2016. We continue to successfully execute our strategic initiatives to grow both our top and bottom lines as evidenced by the fact that this quarter is our 20th consecutive quarter of both top and bottom line growth. Our end markets, both in North America and internationally, remain strong, and we continue to leverage this underlying market strength by introducing new products, improving our sales mix, penetrating new markets and gaining share with our industry leading brands. For the third quarter, our top line increased by 2%, 3% in local currency. Our adjusted operating margin increased 70 basis points to 14.7%, reflecting our portfolio's strong operating leverage and a favorable price commodity environment. Our adjusted earnings per share grew 21% to $0.41 per share. Notably, this adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share includes the negative impact of a $21 million increase to our warranty reserve in our Windows and Other Specialty Products segment. John will provide you with more details about this charge in his commentary. Turning to our segments, I would like to provide you with some additional insight into the drivers behind each of our segments' performance. Our Plumbing businesses continued their outstanding performance by growing revenue 6% in local currency, led again by the continued strength of our Delta, Hansgrohe and Watkins businesses. In early October, Delta was once again honored by the Environmental Protection Agency, earning the EPA WaterSense Sustained Excellence Award for 2016. This is the second consecutive year Delta has won this award, an award which recognizes Delta's efforts to promote water efficiency through its innovative, water-efficient products, such as Touch2O faucets and H2Okinetic shower heads. Delta was also honored as the Best Overall Vendor in E-Commerce and as the Best Overall Plumbing Vendor in the showroom and builder segment by Ferguson Enterprises, our nation's largest plumbing wholesaler. Congratulations to the entire Delta team for its ability to bring innovative, environmentally friendly products to the market and for its ability to successfully focus, understand and deliver on the needs of its customers. Moving on to our Decorative Architectural segment, we once again delivered a solid quarter. Our Pro Paint initiative with The Home Depot continued to drive double-digit sales growth in the quarter. And BEHR MARQUEE, our highest price point DIY product, continued to post exceptional year-over-year comps. During the quarter, to further accelerate our Pro business, we began staffing an additional 100 Pro Hub stores. This will bring our total store count to over 200 by year-end. We're excited by the results of the initial Hub store investment and we believe that these additional Hub stores will provide us, along with our partner, The Home Depot, with an exceptional foundation to continue penetrating the pro paint market. In our Cabinets business, we continue to execute against our plan to optimize our sales mix by exiting certain low-margin direct-to-builder business. Our retail cabinet business was particularly strong this quarter, as we partnered with our customers to offer highly effective, exclusive promotions for KraftMaid, the most recognized brand in the industry. Our brand recognition, coupled with these promotions, drove foot traffic into their stores and demand for our products. Additionally, based on the success of our KraftMaid Momentum product at Lowe's, we are expanding the product offering to an additional 250 stores, taking the total store count to 500 stores across the United States. KraftMaid Momentum is a product line that extends the KraftMaid brand into the value semi-custom price point. This further roll-out is a testament to our focus on the customer, our product development capability, and our efforts to gain greater share of wallet at retail. Our Cabinetry team also completed significant product launches for both the KraftMaid and Quality brands during the quarter. These launches included trend forward finishes to capitalize on the growing demand for gray paints, new door styles, decorative accessories and functional SKUs. Moving to Windows and Other Specialty Products, our sales grew by 2%, excluding the effect of foreign currency. As we discussed last quarter, we continue to work through some operational issues in our Milgard window business unit related to labor turnover and other inefficiencies. The organization and I are keenly focused on fixing these issues. We've reorganized Milgard's management team, brought in top operational resources from across the company and, together with the Milgard team, are actively working through these issues. It's going to take some time, but I'm confident that we have the appropriate focus and urgency. While we currently have some challenges in our Windows segment, overall I'm pleased with our third quarter performance and the continued execution of our long-term strategies. Our Plumbing businesses continue to produce outstanding top and bottom line results. Our Pro Paint initiative continues to post double-digit growth as we further penetrate this market segment and gain share. And our Cabinet business has improved its year-to-date profitability by approximately $50 million through cost reductions, improved mix and strong growth in the retail and dealer channels. Our results are indicative of the solid execution of our strategies. Additionally, we took further action in the quarter to create shareholder value through our capital allocation strategy. We repurchased 2.3 million shares, bringing our total shares repurchased to 31 million against our 50 million share repurchase authorization. And we increased our annual dividend by $0.02 per share to $0.40 annually. This is the third year in a row that we have increased our dividend. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail. John?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide six. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time charges. Our focused execution continued as we delivered top and bottom line growth in North America and internationally. As Keith mentioned, the third quarter of 2016 was our 20th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and operating profit growth. Sales increased 2% for the quarter and 3% in local currencies. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted our sales in the quarter by approximately $17 million, principally due to a weaker pound compared to the U.S. dollar. North American sales were up 2% in the quarter. We continue to experience strong demand for our repair and remodeling products in all channels of distribution and across the price continuum, as consumers are trading up to our better and best product offerings. As a reminder, repair and remodel activity accounts for approximately 83% of our total sales. International sales increased 6% in local currency in the quarter, driven by the continued strength in our international plumbing and window businesses. Gross margins expanded approximately 100 basis points compared to the third quarter of last year to 32.9%. This includes the negative effect of Milgard's warranty adjustment. Our SG&A as a percent of sales increased this quarter by 40 basis points due to the strategic investment in several of our businesses in order to drive top and bottom line growth. Our teams continue to be focused on cost control and productivity improvement. We delivered strong bottom-line performance once again, as operating income increased 7% to $275 million, with operating margins expanding 70 basis points to 14.7%. Our EPS in the quarter was $0.41, an improvement of $0.07 or 21% compared to the third quarter of last year. EPS was unfavorably impacted by approximately $0.04 due to the increase in Milgard's warranty reserves. Turning to slide seven, our Plumbing segment delivered another strong quarter of growth, driven by terrific performance at Delta, Hansgrohe and Watkins. Segment sales increased 6%, excluding the impact of currency, driven by growth in our faucets, showers and spas. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted this segment's sales by approximately $9 million in the quarter. Our North American sales grew 6% in the third quarter, as we experienced strong consumer-driven demand for our innovative brands with both our wholesale and large retail customers. Our spa business is outperforming the competition, as Watkins continues to leverage its strong dealer network, innovative new products and industry leading brands. Our international plumbing sales increased 7% in local currency. We experienced sales growth around the globe, with particular strength in Asia and Northern Europe. Additionally, our sales mix continues to improve, as our premium price point Axor brand grew double digits this quarter. Operating profit for the segment increased 30% in the quarter, driven by incremental volume and a favorable price commodity relationship. This segment also benefited from a positive year-over-year commodity hedge impact of approximately $10 million. This benefit was partially offset by approximately $5 million of incremental advertising and display expense in support of new product introductions, as we previously discussed in our second quarter earnings call. Turning to slide eight, the Decorative Architectural segment grew 2%, as we continued to experience strong growth across our BEHR PRO business and solid performance of our BEHR MARQUEE interior product. This growth was partially offset by the timing and amount of incremental promotional expense that we had previously discussed on our second quarter earnings call. Liberty Hardware also contributed to the top and bottom line growth. Operating profit increased 9% in the third quarter, principally due to operating leverage on a higher volume. As we mentioned on the second quarter call, we intend to invest $30 million in promotion and advertising in the second half of 2016 to grow this business. In the third quarter, we incurred approximately $10 million of this promotion and advertising expense, and we expect to incur an additional $15 million to $20 million of investment in the fourth quarter, which includes $5 million of reset cost for Liberty's shower door program win at The Home Depot. Turning to slide nine, we continue to be pleased with our Cabinet segment performance. Segment sales declined 6% due to the deliberate exits of certain lower-margin business within the builder direct channel in the United States and at select low-margin accounts in our UK Cabinet business. These actions in aggregate reduced segment sales by approximately $25 million. This decline was partially offset by KraftMaid's strong performance in the retail channel, resulting in double-digit growth and year-over-year share gains. In the dealer channel, we drove single-digit growth through increased volume and favorable mix, as both our KraftMaid and Merillat offerings continue to resonate with our dealer base and consumers. Segment profitability in the third quarter improved 5% over 2015, driven by our continued execution of cost savings initiatives as well as improved mix, as we reduced our exposure to lower-margin builder direct business, continue to grow our higher price point semi-custom KraftMaid offerings. As we mentioned on the second quarter call, this growth was partially offset by approximately $5 million of incremental spend, which included expenses associated with our new product launches in the retail and dealer channels under the KraftMaid and Quality brands. We expect to incur an additional $5 million of product launch cost in the fourth quarter. I'm pleased to report these new products are driving strong foot traffic at our dealer customers and favorable end consumer reaction. For the fourth quarter, we continue to believe the revenue impact of our decision to exit select builder direct business in our kitchen countertop business will negatively impact sales by between $15 million and $20 million. These impacts will continue through the first quarter of 2017. Turning to slide 10, our Windows segment sales increased 2% in local currency, driven by growth in Milgard, our leading Western U.S. window business. Milgard's continued growth was driven by a positive mix shift toward our premium window and door product lines and favorable pricing. Excluding the negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, our European Windows sales increased 2%, driven by volume and share gains. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted this segment's sales by approximately $8 million in the quarter. The segment's operating profit decline was primarily due to the additional warranty reserve of approximately $21 million at our Milgard business, $6 million of incremental labor costs and inefficiencies and ERP expenses of approximately $3 million. Let's go into more detail on the warranty adjustment and ERP expenses. You may recall Milgard recorded a $10 million warranty adjustment in the second quarter. During Q2, we initiated an analysis based on enhanced historical warranty claims data that became available in the quarter and, in accordance with GAAP, booked the $10 million adjustment. In the third quarter, we completed our analysis and we recorded an additional $21 million adjustment which was reviewed by multiple third parties. Moving to ERP, as we had previously disclosed, we anticipated approximately $3 million of expenses per quarter related to ERP into 2017. We recently made the decision to deliberately slow down the roll-out of ERP, so that we could implement the system during seasonally slower periods. This decision will take the implementation through 2019. We are doing this to protect the customer and minimize disruption to the business. And turning to slide 11, we ended the quarter with about $1.2 billion of balance sheet liquidity and delivered another strong quarter of working capital performance. Working capital as a percent of sales improved 20 basis points versus the prior year to 12.9%. As we approach the end of 2016, we are on track to generate close to $500 million of free cash flow again this year. We also continued our initiatives to create shareholder value. During the third quarter, we repurchased 2.3 million shares valued at approximately $78 million. Finally, we increased our annual dividend by $0.02 per share to $0.40 per common share. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you, John. I'm pleased with our team's strong execution as we continue to drive for even better results. The fundamental demand drivers of our business continue to be positive. And going forward, we remain committed to leveraging these strong, long-term demand drivers by investing behind our brands for growth; by developing innovative, award-winning products to ensure we maintain our must-have position with our customers; by focusing on operational excellence through our continued deployment of the Masco operating system; and finally, by balancing our capital allocation between investing for growth, acquisitions with the right strategic fit and returns; and returning cash to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. We remain confident that we will achieve our 2017 earnings per share target of $1.80 that we said at our Investor Day in 2015. Our operational execution, coupled with our strengthened balance sheet, strong liquidity position and substantial free cash flow, provides us with multiple levers to continue to drive shareholder value. Before we go to Q&A, I'd like to ask that we stick to the one-person, one-question guideline with a follow-up on that question if needed. Last quarter, we had nine people ask 25 questions, and I know that if we follow the guideline, it will help all you do your job the best that you can. Thank you. And with that, I'll open the call up for questions. Operator?
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from UBS. Your line is open.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Morning, Susan.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: First off, just digging a little bit deeper into the Windows segment. I know you talked about some of the steps that you're taking there to kind of turn things around, but can you just talk to sort of incremental goals or how we should expect this progress to sort of come together as we look forward?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: As we've talked about, there are really three distinct issues that we are dealing with in Milgard. First, is the warranty accrual increase. We put that analysis  we completed the analysis. That's behind us. Second, as you know, we are implementing an ERP system. We completed the first plant successfully. We used those learnings and experience, and our plan is now to methodically roll out our systems across all the other plants, but to do it in a way that avoids the peak periods, which is really Q2 and Q3. So we eliminated those quarters from our implementation plan and we're only going to be implementing ERP systems in the slow periods. That protects our customer. It's the right thing to do. And thirdly, due to a combination of strong demand for our products, particularly around painted vinyl and fiberglass, coupled with a tight labor market in the Northwest that we have, we're dealing with some labor efficiencies. We've mobilized our best talent and operational teams. We have the Senior Vice President of Operations from Delta Faucet working with the Milgard team. We have the Masco Operating System Group working with the team. And together, I'm pleased with the initial success that we have. So we're turning it around. So those are three distinct issues that we're dealing with. In terms, Susan, of your specific question going forward, I think our guidance that we talked about in terms of long-term growth is going to be a little dampened due to some of the short-term issues that we're facing. When you think about the long-term margins of this business, we haven't changed our point of view on that and we're seeing that right in that 10% to 13% range. So long term, nothing has changed. We're dealing with some short-term issues and we're making progress.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. And then, just turning to paint for a minute, you noted that you are expanding into your Pro Hub stores there. How should we think about that expansion coming together as we look to 2017 and perhaps the top line and the margin implications there?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Well, we've talked about the incremental investment. John, maybe you can hit on that specifically.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah, Susan, we put in the additional 100 Hub stores earlier this year and we saw very good response. And this is in an effort to attract pro paint contractors to The Home Depot stores. And so, we saw nice comp store growth for our Pro products where we had Hub store employees. And so, what we're hoping for, as we go into 2017, is these 100 new Pro Hub store reps get into The Home Depot stores that will see additional comp store growth in attraction of the pro contractor in The Home Depot store. So we're excited about the prospect for these next 100 employees.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman & Associates: Good morning. Thank you. Just turning to Cabinets, can you maybe elaborate a little bit more on the sales trends you're seeing across channels? I think you said double digit in the dealer channel, but I just wanted to make sure that was across the business, across brands. And then, I didn't catch what you said was the performance in the home center channel. And then, the third piece on the builder exits, it seemed like there was more of an impact this quarter, maybe more of an impact carrying forward, so I just want to understand if that's more of an impact from the walks that you already had or if there was incremental business that you walked away from. So all together on the sales side.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah, Dennis, I'll start off and maybe Keith can supplement. So just to be clear, so our retail home center business was up low double digits in the quarter, and our dealer sales were up single digits in the quarter. So, to your comment about the decline in revenue due to the exit of the business, that's right. And you may recall that we started this in the third quarter of last year, but you may also recall that on our first quarter conference call, we announced that we had chosen to exit our kitchen countertop business as well as some other business on the Eastern Seaboard. And so, as a result, that has elevated some of the exits that we've seen over the course of the last couple quarters. And so, I think the third quarter and the fourth quarter will be the biggest part and it'll start to decline as we get into the first quarter of next year. So feel pretty comfortable about how the team is positioning the revenue. Keith, I don't know if you have anything to add.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Real good quarter, Dennis, in the retail channel. The KraftMaid brand, as you know, is the most recognized brand in the industry in R&R and that's really playing well. So, good traction there. On the dealer side, we talked about the single-digit growth that we're seeing. We've got some really nice new product introductions that we're launching, both in KraftMaid and our Quality brands, and the foot traffic that we're seeing in that dealer channel, broadly speaking, is really solid. In fact, we're seeing that pick up a little bit as we look across the  really across the entire country. So, good foot traffic, good product introductions that are helping to drive that, and we're focused on dealer growth.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman & Associates: And the impact on the expense side of the promotions at the home center side -- is that the $5 million that you mentioned, John, incrementally, or is there more to it?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: No, no, Dennis. It has to do with display centers and the like as we launch the new products. So, that's exactly what that is. And that's what we're going to incur, because as you might expect, when you're dealing with dealers, it takes some time before  some people aren't ready to launch the new products as soon as they come to market.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman & Associates: Was the promotion an impact on the expense line, then, I guess is ultimately the...
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: The promotion would be an expense, Dennis, in the third quarter, but to a relatively small degree. A lot of the promotions were toward the tail end of the quarter.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: The big expense is for our new launches. We've launched new colors that we talked about in some of the prepared remarks. We've got, I think, four new door styles in KraftMaid, we have new SKUs for KraftMaid, and then a significant launch in our Quality offering. So that's the primary driver of the incremental expense.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman & Associates: Thank you, guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Just digging in the Cabinet margins a little more. And even when we exclude the $5 million launch cost, it's not quite some of the margins we've seen the last couple quarters. Can you just talk about within the good sales you saw at retail and at the dealer channel, was there any kind of negative mix within there? And the new launches where the $5 million comes from, what part of the cabinet strata price are those coming in at?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: So, Keith, to answer your second question first, the launches are both in KraftMaid as well as Quality. So really kind of both ends of the price spectrum for us, KraftMaid being our premium price point offering and Quality being our lower price point or opening price point offering. So that's it. With respect to the margins, again, I hope you guys recall, everyone on the call recalls the fact that we said in our second quarter call that the margins that we posted there were unusually high because we really had a very clean quarter with no unusual expenses or some typical investment that we may have in advertising catalogs and displays, things like that. So it was a very light quarter for all that type of activity in the second quarter. So that was more of the anomaly. So the way I look at it, Keith, is if you factor out the $5 million of expense, and with $25 million of business that we walked away from, while it was indeed low margin, it wasn't zero margin, and so there was some loss of profit on the business that we did walk away from. So net-net, as you look into that  as I look at it, it looks like to me about a 10% quarter to me for the Cabinet segment.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Morning.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Morning, Ken.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Obviously very good execution in Plumbing, and that business tends to be very resilient because of the large installed base, as you guys have highlighted, with the low peak to trough in the past cycles, I think about 15%. Those very strong margins that you guys did here -- I know we had that $10 million commodity headwind  or tailwind, excuse me. Would that be the kind of a difference? I'm just trying to think about the almost 20% number versus what is now an upwardly revised high teens for the business over kind of a three-year basis. Does your growth, not only in Delta, which you're doing very well in, but I mean your vitreous china and these types of things -- how should we think about the steadiness, I guess, of the business quarter-to-quarter? I mean, could it be varying $10 million to $15 million from commodity but, otherwise, you're really in these high teens which, to me, means 17% to 19%?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah, we're seeing strong, steady growth across both retail as well as wholesale, and we're seeing steady growth in our United States business as well as our international business. So this is one of the most steady businesses that we have, and you hit it right on the head with regards to the strong repair and remodel component of this business that tends to level it out in terms of peak to trough. We've got strong growth, as I said. And the commodity environment, when we think about it, we've got some puts and takes, but generally speaking, we see favorable commodity environment with a little bit of pressure coming on the zinc side, but that's offset a little bit from the favorability that we're seeing in copper. So when we look at the nature of the improvements that we've made over the years with regard to targeted share gain and specific micro-segments, we look at the nature of the cost outset we've been able to drive with the Masco operating system and, really, the quality of the teams, as I mentioned last quarter, we feel pretty good about the stability of this business and, hence, our confidence in raising the margin targets.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Megan McGrath with MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC: Good morning. Thanks. Just a big picture question here. I think when I initially saw the top-line numbers this morning, I thought maybe, overall, we hadn't maybe seen a little bit of a deceleration in the repair and remodel expenses or spending by consumers, but there's obviously a lot running through your top lines and onetime stuff. So in general, it sounds like you're feeling pretty comfortable with consumer spending in repair/remodel. Do you think we saw a little bit of a slowdown in 3Q, or do you feel like it was steady in the quarter?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Well, I think the consistent thing about this recover, Megan, is that there has been some choppiness. We'll see a couple of quarters of pretty heated growth and then a little bit more muted growth. So, yeah, there was a little bit of choppiness here, but fundamentally, the demand drivers and the foot traffic that we're seeing, particularly in repair and remodeling which is over 80% of our business, are strong. Home prices continue to appreciate. Household formations continue to increase, and the demographics of the millennials as they go on at an average age from, say, 25 to 29 or 30, that's going to bode well for new household formations. Existing homes sales rebounded nicely. They're up to, I think, close to $5.5 million. And the affordability is still very favorable. So we're not only seeing good fundamentals and good traffic, but we're continuing to see good moves in terms of our mix. So our higher price point products like our high-end Delta, our Brizo brand, our Axor brand, our spa business, things like that, and our Cabinet business, which is a big ticket item, so we're seeing good positive mix. But we're also seeing good growth down in our entry-level products, which dampens down the mix benefit a bit, admittedly, but I think it  fundamentally, it's a good sign for the nature of the recovery, when you're seeing that kind of growth, both in the, call it, the household formation stage and the opening price point as well as the mix up and the higher mix. So, yeah, good foot traffic in our dealer base, good retail foot traffic. We feel good about the overall macros.
Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC: Okay, thanks. And then specifically on the paint market, I apologize if I missed this, but did you give gallon growth in the quarter?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: We did not give gallon growth in the quarter. I think it was up low single digits in the quarter.
Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore. Your line is open.
Stephen S. Kim - Evercore ISI: Yeah, thanks very much, guys, strong quarter. First question, in Decorative Architecture, I think that you indicated that the investment was $10 million, not $25 million in this quarter, and you thought maybe another $10 million to $15 million in 4Q. So question on that, is there going to be spillover into 1Q next year? And if so, could you quantify it? And was the shower door win already anticipated in your overall $30 million guide that you gave last quarter?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, Stephen, it's John. Yeah, it  $10 million versus the greater spend in the fourth quarter is just a timing issue as to when some of these expenses are going to hit. And yes, the Liberty shower door win, we mentioned that on the second quarter call that we'd won that program that we'd be rolling it out in the fourth quarter. So that was contemplated as part of our $30 million aggregate number.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Stephen, to be clear on the numbers, in the third quarter, we spent approximately $10 million, and then we're anticipating spending in at $15 million to $20 million range in the fourth quarter, and that does include the Liberty launch.
Stephen S. Kim - Evercore ISI: Oh, $15 million to $20 million, okay. Thank you for that clarification. That's great. All right. And then second question relates  it's a follow-up to the Cabinet business. If I think about what you said last quarter about what dealer was up and in stock  sorry, retail. It sort of suggests that the rest of that business is down very dramatically year-over-year. And again, your numbers weren't terribly specific this time on dealer and retail, but it still seems  I'm coming up with numbers probably approaching 40% down year-over-year. And I know there's a lot of things you're doing, the UK business, et cetera. But maybe you could talk a little bit about your vision for the portions of your business that are not the retail and dealer that would explain what's going on there in terms of big top-line reduction.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah, I think the big driver there, of course, is the builder direct exit, where we've exited approximately $25 million in the third quarter and probably will exit in the range of $15 million in the fourth quarter, and looking forward into Q1 of 2017, in that $10 million to $15 million range in there. So the big drag on our top line, clearly, is our decision to exit specific portions of this builder direct business, where it's just not good business for us and there's a better supplier for some of these specific builders. So that's the main driver there. In terms of our overall...
Stephen S. Kim - Evercore ISI: Well, yeah...
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Go ahead.
Stephen S. Kim - Evercore ISI: Well, yeah, I know, you've been very clear about that. I guess I was talking about what else is in that segment. (38:09)
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah, our focus is on growth, and we've had some significant growth in our retail business. That's a very strong segment for us. Beginning with KraftMaid, we've addressed some of our issues in that brand first, and we're growing very nicely in the dealer channel with KraftMaid. We've launched significant new product introductions with very good execution and outstanding response from the dealer base in our opening price point brand, Quality brand. So that growth hasn't been as fast as we'd like it to be, but it's improving. And this new product launch is going to help. And of course, Merillat, we're continuing to drive growth through those dealers. So in terms of your overall question with regards to the plan for this business, it's to drive growth. Now, I talked a couple calls ago about pivoting more towards a focus of growth, and we're doing that. We're seeing some good results. In the UK, it's a little bit of a mixed bag, exiting some unprofitable business and also growing in some other segments over there. But fundamentally, for us, it's about North America driving retail and dealer growth.
Stephen S. Kim - Evercore ISI: Got it. Okay, that's very clear. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. It sounds like you guys had a lot of Kaizen (39:32) moments this quarter.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Morning, Bob.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just wanted to ask, and maybe off of Ken's question about your excitement around Plumbing, saying it's great in retail and wholesale and it's doing well domestically and international. I've never heard you guys this excited in terms of tone about the macro. And we were actually concerned about choppiness going into the third quarter maybe due to the election. Is your kind of view, and maybe I'm not really talking about the quarter but more broad minded, where do you think the consumer is? And I'm trying to get a handle on how you're reading kind of North American R&R going into 2017 and what your thoughts are in Europe with Brexit.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: I think in terms of big box traffic and dealer traffic, and when I think about dealer, it's a combination of our spa dealers that I'm close with and I have a lot of contact with and our plumbing wholesale dealers. And when you  and cabinets. I spent some time out in Boston and New York this past quarter with some dealers out there in plumbing, and they talked about very robust foot traffic. And while there was a little bit of choppiness earlier in the quarter, they're talking about how it's picked up and they feel good about it. Spent some time in the Midwest with cabinet dealers; same story. Just in general, Bob, good foot traffic and smiles on their faces, not only for our new launches, but also in general how the business was going. I was at a meeting with 15 or 20 CEOs of building builders, big builders, and they were all robust about how the overall builder market was going. So I wouldn't say I'm any more robust about the macros than I've been in the past. We've liked where they've been and we think that our brands and our price points and our channel penetration is positioned to take advantage of it. So, yeah, fundamentally, my view really hasn't changed. It's good macros.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: And, Bob, I guess with respect to the other part of your question, we're seeing surprising strength compared to some of the headlines that are coming out of Europe, at least within our business. We've had very good performance in Northern Europe  Central and Northern Europe and as well as Asia with Hansgrohe. And then, our smaller businesses that are in the UK, even since the Brexit decision, we've seen very good growth there. Now, we've seen some choppiness in the end markets, but our companies are performing exceptionally well there. So, we're pleased with the demand that we're seeing out of the UK at the moment.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great news. You guys are blowing and going. John, I think you spent around $65 million to $70 million on share buybacks. You guys got a real cash hoard close to $1 billion sitting on the balance sheet. I guess it's a jump-off for either Keith or John. In addition to the buyback activity, how do you see M&A playing a role? And if you don't find anything you want to buy just because valuations look a little rich in the public market and perhaps the private market, what do you want to do with the money? Thanks and good luck.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Sure, Bob. I think we're going to continue our disciplined capital allocation program. Obviously, number one is always to reinvest in the business. And as you I think all know, our business is relatively capital light with about 2% of sales going into CapEx on an annual basis. And, Bob, to your point, and then the next thing we have to balance is share repurchases and M&A, and I'm pleased to tell you that we are looking at M&A opportunities, filling our pipeline. Our pipeline is robust, which is good. To your also point, the valuations are rich at the moment, but we're all looking at acquisitions that have the right strategic fit and the right returns, and so that's going to be a discipline that we instill around our M&A program. And to the extent the valuations are too frothy, will we look to buy back more stock? Yes. I think that's a balancing act that we have to call on a regular basis depending on how we see the markets develop. And then, periodically, we will continue to reevaluate our dividends as we talked  both Keith and I talked about on the call, we increased the dividend for the third year in a row here in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen East with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning, guys. One last question on the cabinets. As you look at 2017, John, maybe you could give us the builder exit impact, what the actual year-over-year impact will be as you walked away from all of these different pieces, and do you have any incremental program launches that we should be factoring into our estimates there?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: So, Stephen, if I understand your question right, the full year-over-year impact of sales loss in a dollar perspective is, I think, roughly $60 million here in 2016 all in between all four quarters, with the roughly $15 million to $20 million coming in the fourth quarter, and then another $10 million to $15 million in the first quarter of 2017. Then after that, it should really tail off pretty significantly because we made the decision to start exiting the last portion of business in the first quarter of 2016. So really, we should anniversary that effect in the first quarter. So we feel pretty good about that. And in terms of product launches, our (45:26) team constantly working on new products and working with our customers to launch products? Absolutely. Is there anything specifically we can tee up and talk about at the moment? Nothing at the moment that we feel comfortable sharing.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then, if you look at BEHR paint on the aisles of Home Depot, it's definitely being advertised as new low price for some on the MARQUEE, some on the PRO, and it's also happening to your competitor a little bit as well. But trying to understand, is that just part of this promo that you have been discussing or is that a new permanent price? And just if you could help us out, what type of  if it's a permanent, what type of raw material impact you would have  or a margin impact you would have? And then, raw materials in this space, the TiO2 and oil derived, what are you seeing?
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Yeah, on the promotional side, Stephen  I'll take that. I think there was a few questions in there on commodities and promotion. I'll hit the promo side first. We did see an uptick  a little bit of an uptick in promotional levels as our competitors are supporting their recent product launches and we did have an increase in promotion in Q3 if you compared it to Q3 of 2015. We've had good success with them this past year with the July 4th and the Labor Day promotions. We're in continuing discussions with The Home Depot on what levers to pull to drive gallon growth and it's a balance, everything from advertising and promotion, price, rebates. We're looking at everything to drive gallon growth, and we're going to continue to do that throughout the year. It's productive for us. Our relationship with The Depot has never been stronger. We're focused on gallon growth and it's working. We're focused on penetrating the pro and that's working, hence, the incremental new investment we talked about in the Pro Hub stores. So, things are doing well in paint. In terms of commodities, John, if you want to talk a little bit of what we're seeing there.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah, Stephen, you mentioned  well, before I get into commodities, one thing I want to amend is my prior answer. It looks like the total exit from our builder direct business, Stephen, will be will amount (47:36) to about $75 million here in 2016. So sorry about that.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thanks.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: As it relates to commodities and paint, we have seen a little bit of very modest inflation in titanium dioxide. We are starting to see a little bit of inflation, which we think might be temporary in some of the input costs that go into the engineered resins. We'll see how that plays out over the course of the next several months. So, overall, relatively modest commodity headwinds here so far in the first part of 2016.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Michael Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Good morning. First question just on paint, you may have said this, just looking to clarify the advertising expense in third quarter and if you are still on track for the $30 million in the second half?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yeah, so we said, Mike, that we spent  of the $30 million, spent $10 million in Q2  or I'm sorry, Q3, and we expect the balance, $15 million to $20 million in Q4.
Michael Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. And then in Plumbing, I know the margins there are helped by the hedge. What are your thoughts, though, on the ability to pass along the higher commodity prices there in the future? And if you can just speak to the product vitality in Plumbing. Thanks.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Well, it was a great quarter for us in terms of margin, strong growth, favorable commodity environment both helped us out, for sure. We think that we're going to have additional investment in Q4 that we've talked about in promotions and a little bit in product launch, mainly promotions, so that'll be a little bit of a headwind. But again, as I've talked about in terms of the nature of our improvements that we've driven with our Masco operating system, the strong brands, and where we sit in the aisle and how well we're doing in wholesale, we're comfortable with moving our margin range up into the high teens and we think that's where it's going to be.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. So on the Plumbing hedge, I think you've done a good job of breaking that out when it's material. Now we've seen two quarters in a row of tailwind and I think this may be one of the larger tailwinds you've seen in a number of years. So I was wondering if you could just review the position of those hedges, what specifically has driven these two sequential tailwinds and whether that, based on how you're positioned at the moment, might extend into the next quarter or two.
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: Yes, Stephen  I'm sorry  sorry, Nishu. As we look at the commodity hedge, principally, we hedge two commodities, that's copper and zinc, because that forms brass, which goes into our plumbing products. And so if you take a look at the price of those commodities on a year-over-year basis on kind of an average through the quarter based on what the average of the third quarter was in 2015, that impacts the movement in our hedge. And so we've seen deflation in copper over the course of the last year, and so that's what's created the favorability in the hedge vis--vis last year. We have alternatively seen some inflation in zinc over the same period. So that's how that all plays through. Thinking about our hedge position more broadly, because of the volatility of what we've seen, we've actually started to reduce our hedge position on our metals in terms of having contracts out there and are doing a  have taken a different form of negotiating with our vendors as opposed to relying on the financial markets for that benefit.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Got it. Okay. And on the pro paint initiative, so exciting investment into these hub stores. Thinking about the evolution of that business, so especially with the hub stores or the greater presence in those stores, are you seeing your  you mentioned double-digit sales growth. Is the sales growth now principally being driven by greater purchases from existing customers? Is it being driven by new customers? So just trying to get a sense of how that business is evolving organically. And also just in line with that, just wondering when you might begin to break that out sales-wise for us.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: The pro market, as we slice it, is about a $6 billion market. So it's a big market for us. And as you might expect, as we're ramping this up, we have a pipeline, if you will, of customers. So we're constantly out prospecting for new accounts, and the accounts that we've had now, in some cases for a year, year-and-a-half, they're starting to gain more momentum. So it really is a combination of share of wallet of the pros that we got initially and then it's also prospecting. Certainly as we add new hub stores, these new 100 hub stores that we're adding, there will be a higher percentage of new customers, but fundamentally, we're looking at both. And it's a big market and there's plenty of room for us. We're just getting going.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Keith J. Allman - Masco Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my call as well. First question is, I guess, on CapEx was a little bit lighter than we had expected in the quarter, and I think it was down slightly year-over-year. And it looks like you brought down the full-year target. So I guess the question is, is this exclusively related to the kind of the pull-back on the ERP system, or is there some other things going on there?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: No, John, it just had to do with the timing of expense in the quarter, so I think we're $117 million or so year-to-date. And throughout the year, we did expect a little bit heavier spend in the fourth quarter, just given some of the projects that we have teed up. So I think we've got  we brought our forecast down from $190 million to $170 million, and so I think we feel very comfortable at that level. But nothing to really read into this quarter based on the expense level that we had.
John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. And then I guess the last question would be on the ERP system. Can you just remind us who you're working with? Is this an SAP system?
John G. Sznewajs - Masco Corp.: It's an Oracle system, John.
John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Chaika - Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co. Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Second Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. My name is Jonathan and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operation Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Dave Chaika, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. Mr. Chaika, you may begin.
David Chaika - Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations: Thank you, Jonathan, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2016 second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. As a reminder, we would appreciate it if you'd limit yourself to one question with one follow up. If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to call me directly at 313-792-5500. I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Any references to operating profit, earnings per share or cash flow on today's call will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted, with a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our quarterly press release and presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I'd like to welcome Dave Chaika to his new role as Masco's Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. And I'd like to congratulate Irene Tasi on her promotion to Vice President of Retail Sales at Masco Cabinetry. These changes are another example of Masco's people development strategy at work. Turning to slide four. I'm pleased to report that the momentum we built in 2015 and carried forward into the first quarter of 2016 has continued year-to-date. We had a great second quarter, as strength in our underlying markets, combined with solid execution, translated into excellent financial results. Looking specifically at the quarter, our top-line increased by 4%. Notably, our adjusted operating margin increased 260 basis points to 17.1%, reflecting our portfolio's strong operating leverage, a favorable price commodity environment, and our culture of continuous cost improvement. This represents our best second-quarter operating margin since 2002. Our adjusted EPS grew 21% to $0.46 per share, which includes the $40 million additional interest expense we incurred during the quarter due to the early retirement of a portion of our debt. These results reflect our ability to capitalize on improving end-market dynamics and our ability to generate robust consumer demand from our industry-leading brands. I'd like to provide you with some additional insight into the drivers behind each of our segments' performance. Let's begin with Plumbing. Our portfolio of plumbing businesses continued its strong performance and grew sales in North America by 9%, and grew sales internationally by 11% in local currency. This segment's strong growth was broad-based, with Delta, Hansgrohe and BrassCraft Manufacturing, our rough plumbing business, each having record quarters for both sales and operating profit. The Delta and Brizo brands continue to resonate with the consumer, and drive sales growth in both the retail and wholesale channels in North America, while the Hansgrohe and Axor brands continue to gain share internationally. Watkins Manufacturing, our premier wellness and spa business within our Plumbing segment, also achieved a record sales quarter, a good sign that consumer confidence continues to build, as exemplified by these big-ticket purchases. Our Decorative Architectural segment delivered a solid quarter, despite being up against a tough comp, as we pointed out on our last quarterly earnings call. We continued our strong Pro paint sales growth, as a result of our mutual efforts with The Home Depot to grow and capture share in this channel. And BEHR MARQUEE, a high-price-point DIY product, continued to post exceptional year-over-year comps. BEHR was once again acknowledged as the quality leader by achieving a number one ranking from a leading consumer testing organization for its BEHR PREMIUM PLUS ULTRA Exterior paint. Our BEHR products have now held the number one ranking for interior and exterior paint, as well as exterior stains, for four years running, demonstrating our commitment to customer-focused, award-winning, high-quality products. Our investments in paint are paying off, and we intend to continue to reinvest in this segment to drive profitable volume growth along with our partner. Turning to Cabinets, the team delivered yet another strong quarter, growing our leadership position at retail and continuing to optimize sales mix by exiting low-margin, direct-to-builder business, as we described on our first quarter earnings call. Moving to Windows and Other Specialty Products, our sales grew by 3%, but we did not meet our operating profit expectations. We're working diligently to address this underperformance and remain confident in our long-term operating margin expectations of 10% to 13% for this segment that we outlined in our Investor Day. Overall, we are very pleased with our second quarter operating performance. Additionally, we continued progress against our key capital allocation initiatives, including finalizing our debt transactions and paying down $400 million in debt; repurchasing approximately 2.8 million shares, bringing our total shares repurchase to-date to 28 million against our 50 million repurchase authorization. And lastly, our board of directors announcing its intention to increase our annual dividend by $0.02 per share beginning in the fourth quarter, expressing confidence in our future outlook. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail. John?
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Dave mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time charges. Our focused execution continued as we delivered strong top and bottom line growth in North America and internationally. The second quarter of 2016 was our 19th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and operating profit growth. Sales increased 4% for the quarter. The impact of foreign currency translation softened in the second quarter, and negatively impacted our revenue by approximately $6 million. North American sales were up 3% in the quarter. We continued to experience strong demand for our repair and remodeling products in all channels of distribution and across the price continuum, as consumers are trading up to our better and best product offerings. As a reminder, repair and remodel activity accounts for approximately 83% of our total sales. International sales increased 9% in local currency in the quarter, driven by the continued strength in our international plumbing and window businesses. Gross margins expanded 220 basis points compared to the second quarter of last year to 35.2%. And our track record of SG&A improvement continued in the second quarter, as SG&A as a percent of sales improved 40 basis points, driven by focused cost control and productivity improvement throughout the organization. We delivered very strong bottom line performances, as operating profit increased 22% to $342 million, with operating margins expanding 260 basis points to 17.1%, our highest second quarter margin in 14 years. Our EPS was $0.46 in the quarter, an improvement of $0.08 or 21% compared to the second quarter of 2015. These results include the $40 million of one-time interest payment we noted in last quarter's earnings call to complete the retirement of debt maturities. This negatively impacted our EPS. Turning to slide seven, our Plumbing segment had a terrific second quarter. Segment sales increased 10%, excluding the impact of currency, driven by growth in our faucets, showers, spas and rough plumbing products. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted this segment's sales by approximately $5 million in the quarter. Our North American sales grew 9% in the second quarter. We experienced strong demand for our innovative Delta and Brizo brands with both our wholesale and large retail customers as we gained share in the quarter. Our second quarter sales also benefited by approximately $10 million due to loan-in sales associated with a recent retail program win. Our international Plumbing sales increased 11% in local currency. Hansgrohe continues to outperform, as it delivered its highest quarterly sales and operating profit in the company's history, breaking the record they set last quarter. We experienced sales growth around the globe, with particular strength in Central and Northern Europe, the Americas, and Asia. Additionally, our mix improved as our premium price point Axor brand grew double-digits in the quarter. Operating profit for this segment increased 39% in the quarter, driven by incremental volume, productivity improvements and a favorable price-commodity relationship, particularly in Europe. This segment also benefited from a positive year-over-year commodity hedge impact of approximately $5 million. The second half of 2016, we anticipate investing approximately $10 million in advertising and displays to support new product launches at both Delta and Brizo. Given this segment's sustained performance improvement, but also taking into account further investments to grow the business, we are raising our long-term operating margin expectations for the segment from 16% to 17% to the high teens. Turning to slide eight, the Decorative Architectural segment sales matched the second quarter of 2015. We experienced solid performance of our BEHR MARQUEE Interior product and continued strong growth across our BEHR PRO business. However, as I mentioned on the first quarter call, this segment faced a difficult comp in Q2, as the second quarter of 2015 was a record sales quarter for BEHR. In the second quarter of 2016, the timing and amount of incremental promotional expense for the Memorial Day and July 4th promotional events negatively impacted our revenues. You may recall last year's July 4th event was entirely in Q3, while this year's event straddled Q2 and Q3. Additionally, sales were negatively impacted by an in-store inventory draw-down late in the second quarter of 2016. Liberty Hardware had another solid quarter due to the continued share gains from successful new product introductions and program wins in the retail channel. We are also pleased that Liberty was recently awarded the final portion of a nationwide shower door program at The Home Depot. We will be resetting the remaining 800-plus stores with this innovative program in the fourth quarter. Operating profit increased $6 million in the second quarter, principally due to operating leverage on higher volume at BEHR and Liberty. While we have experienced solid margins in the first half of the year, we will invest to grow gallons in the second half of 2016. At this time, we expect the amount of this investment to be approximately $30 million, the majority of which will be spent in the third quarter. Turning to slide nine, we are extremely pleased with our Cabinet segment's improved performance in Q2. Segment sales declined 3% due to the deliberate exit of certain lower-margin business within the builder direct channel in the United States and at select low-margin accounts in our UK cabinet business. This decline was partially offset by KraftMaid's strong performance in the retail channel, resulting in double-digit growth in year-over-year share gains. In the dealers' channel, we drove single-digit growth through increased volume and favorable mix with both our Merillat offerings and our dealer-exclusive KraftMaid Vantage program continued to resonate with our dealer base and consumers. Segment profitability in the second quarter improved $22 million or 147% over 2015. Our strong second quarter margin of 14.2% was driven by cost-savings initiatives as well as an improved mix as we reduced our exposure to lower-margin builder direct business and enjoyed (15:41) continued growth of our higher price point semi-custom KraftMaid offering. For the balance of 2016, we believe the revenue impact of our decision to exit select builder direct business and our retail kitchen countertop business will negatively impact sales by approximately $15 million in both Q3 and Q4. In addition, during the second half of 2016, we will be launching new products under the KraftMaid and Quality brands, and anticipate approximately $10 million of expense associated with these new product introductions. Finally, given this segment's sustained performance improvement, we are raising our long-term expectations for operating margins from 8% to 9% to low to mid-teens. Turning to slide 10, our Windows segment sales increased 3%, driven by growth in Milgard, our leading Western U.S. window business. Milgard's continued growth was driven by a positive mix shift toward our premium window and door product lines and favorable pricing. Excluding the negative impact of stronger U.S. dollars, our European window sales increased 10%, as this segment continues to benefit from share gains through the strong performance of our premium price point window and door offerings. This segment's operating profit declined was due to ERP expenses in Milgard of approximately $6 million, which we previously disclosed, and an adjustment to Milgard's warranty reserve of approximately $10 million. In addition, we experienced approximately $8 million of incremental labor costs and inefficiencies as Milgard continues to grow. Despite this quarter's results, we continue to believe this segment will achieve 10% to 13% operating margins long-term. Turning to slide 11, during the quarter, we took additional action to further strengthen our balance sheet and unlock shareholder value. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion of balance sheet liquidity. As we mentioned last quarter, in March, we issued $900 million of new notes, then in mid-April we used the proceeds from these debt issuances, together with cash on hand, to repay and also (18:04) retire all of our $1 billion notes due in October 2016 and all of our $300 million notes, which were due in March of 2017. To complete the retirement of these two debt maturities, we incurred approximately $40 million in a one-time interest payment during the quarter, which increased our interest expense to $87 million for the second quarter. However, the results of these transactions will generate an annual interest expense savings of nearly $45 million. Starting with our third quarter of 2016, our quarterly interest expense will be approximately $44 million. With these refinancing transactions, we have delivered on our long-term commitment to strengthen our balance sheet. Due to our strong cash flow and this recent debt retirement, we have greatly enhanced our financial flexibility, as our net debt to EBITDA now stands at approximately 1.6 times. From a working capital perspective, we delivered another strong quarter of performance with working capital as a percent of sales improving 70 basis points versus the prior year to 13.3%. Finally, as Keith mentioned, we continued our share repurchase activities and during the quarter, we repurchased 2.8 million shares valued at approximately $88 million. So with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Thank you, John. I'm pleased with our team's continued strong execution. Our results reflect the strength of our powerful brands, and our rigorous focus on operational excellence. Due to our continued success in these areas, we are raising our long-term margin expectations for our Plumbing segment to the high teens and for our Cabinet segment to the low- to mid-teens. The fundamentals driving our business continue to accelerate. Home prices continue to appreciate, which is a driver for larger ticket items such as cabinets and windows. Housing turnover continues to increase, which is a leading indicator of repair and remodel spend. And as you recall, repair and remodel is 83% of our business. And homes remain affordable, with improving access to credit, as well as lower mortgage rates, stimulating housing and home improvement activity. Consumers continue to gain confidence to reinvest in their homes, and we are well-positioned to benefit from those positive trends. The strategies that we laid out last year are working. Going forward, we remain committed to investing behind our brands for growth; developing innovative, award-winning products to ensure we maintain our must-have position with our customers; focusing on operational excellence through our continued deployment of the Masco Operating System; and finally, balancing our capital allocation between investing for growth, acquisitions with the right strategic fit and returns, and returning cash to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. We remain very confident in achieving our 2017 earnings per share target of $1.80 that we set at our Investor Day last year. Our operational execution, coupled with our strength in balance sheet and strong liquidity position, provides us with multiple levers to continue to drive shareholder value. With that, I'd like to open up the call for questions. So I'll throw it back to you, Jonathan.
Operator: Your first question comes from Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Hi, good morning. Thank you. First question just relates to the push in margin for the two segments. When you guys are talking about long-term, is that a year-dependent measure, or are you thinking about that as a certain amount of revenue in each segment or a certain macro backdrop? Can you just maybe update us on how that ties in to the prior 2017 outlook and timing?
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Dennis, I would say that it's consistent with the macroeconomic outlook that we had in 2017, so I would frame it in that manner. And in terms of the timing of it, we're looking at that as a multiyear, more longer-term outlook on what we expect from a run-rate out of these businesses.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Okay and then maybe, so if we bridge from today to that longer-term view, are the incremental margins in the two businesses different than how you've talked about or similar, just from a stronger starting point today?
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: No. I think incrementally, the margins are going to get a little bit better as we're going to maintain some of that gross margin improvement. Of course, there's some offsets to that, as we talked about with regards to investment. John, maybe you want to add a little bit to that?
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Dennis. I would say that our incremental margin outlook for the businesses hasn't changed significantly. I think we're still in that kind of 30% for Plumbing and that 30% to 35% for Cabinetry.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Okay and if I could just sneak it in, John, could you maybe elaborate a little bit more on the windows, the three different expenses or related expenses you mentioned? Are those intertwined, in that the ERP is causing the labor inefficiencies? And then also, on the warranty reserve, any color there would be great.
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I'll take a little bit of it, and I think Keith's going to want to talk just a bit about the operational aspect of it. So I think they're three very distinct items, Dennis. So, the ERP is separate and discrete from the other things. So that was about $6 million in the quarter. We brought up our Portland facility on the system, and so we incurred a little bit more than we expected to incur by 1 million or so dollars, just given the way that went. But it's going well. We're shipping product out of Portland, and so we're pleased with that. The second item relates to our warranty accrual adjustment, and what we do there is, on a very regular basis, we look at all of our accruals across the company. And as we looked at some of our experience and some of our assumptions going forward, we thought it was appropriate to change the reserve, and so that's reflected in what  the adjustments that we took this quarter. Then I'll turn it over to Keith to talk about the operational aspect of things.
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Dennis, I'd say that it's not uncommon for a business to hit some speed bumps along the way, especially when you're looking at the growth that Milgard has experienced. We've had mid-single to low-double digit growth for each of the past 14 quarters, so we've had a lot of growth there. Individually or separately, these items really aren't a big issue, but collectively, they've got our attention. We have teams addressing these issues aggressively. And we're confident that we're going to get back and maintain and get to our margin expectations of that 10% to 13%.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Okay. Appreciate all the color. Good luck, guys.
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Good morning. And congrats on a very encouraging quarter and a positive outlook. Trying to understand, if you could help me frame it a little bit better in thinking about it. The results are really strong and you're taking up your long-term profitability and margin targets. What's the mix here in the divisions where you're increasing the margin targets long-term, between self-help and strength of the cycle? What's giving you that confidence to say, hey, we've already gotten where we want to be faster, and here's what we're thinking about in the next couple years?
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Well, as you might expect, Bob, it is a mix between a strong market, which we expect to continue going forward, and our execution. I look it at it  we as a team look at it from a number of ways, the nature of our cost out, how are we driving the productivity improvements that we're seeing and are they sustainable, are they systemic, are they based on the approaches that we're driving in the Masco operating system? And, quite frankly, we look at the people and we look at the teams, and we evaluate how those teams are successfully implementing our operating systems and the nature of the improvements that they're driving. So when we look at sustained performance improvement, we look at how it's come to us and we looked at the people that are driving it and the confidence that we have in those teams. Those things, all together, have said, you know, we're comfortable in taking our margins up to the high teens in Plumbing, which is very, very solid business, and taking them up in Cabinets as we've described.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And that's helpful. Thank you. Could you elaborate a little bit more on in the paint business the profitability was really good. You guys had previously commented that there would be kind of a long-term multi-quarter glide path towards a normalized margin of 18%, and I was trying to understand the margin profile, the strength of it in this quarter, and any update you can give us on what's happening in do-it-yourself sales versus Pro channel. Thanks and good luck. Very nice quarter.
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Bob. In terms of our performance in paint, I think there's a couple things to think about. As we talk about that glide path closer to the high teens, 18% range, we're very pleased with the performance of the segment this quarter and the progress that we've made. But, as we've talked about historically, we'll be investing in this business over the long-term to help grow gallons. I think there's a couple, three things that may influence the margin pressure downward. First is commodities. We have been experiencing some mild commodity cost inflation from our major suppliers of titanium dioxide, and as I think everyone's aware, they've announced further price increases for later this year. The second is investments. As we've talked about historically, we are trying to grow this business and grow gallons in conjunction with our channel partner, The Home Depot. And so we're investing heavily to grow our Pro business. In fact, we are investing here in the back half of 2015 (sic) [2016] (29:10) part of the $30 million investment that I outlined in my prepared remarks really goes to growing hub stores. We have 100 new hub stores where we'll be employing people to help grow our paint business in The Home Depot. And finally, mix; I think we've mentioned very clearly over the course of the last couple quarters, our Pro business does not have or come at the same margin profile as our core DIY business. So I think those are the three elements that, over time, will drive the margins closer to that high teens range from where we're at and from where we stand today in the 22% range.
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Bob, in terms of your specific question on the Pro, our Pro business continues to do very well. We grew in that low double-digit range again in the quarter. Our investments and strategies that we are driving together with The Home Depot are paying off very well, and we're encouraged with the trajectory. As John mentioned, we're adding 100 new hub stores, and that's on top of an install base of hub stores of 106. So this very productive for us. We like what we're seeing in the Pro and we're going to continue it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research Company. Please go ahead.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thanks. Two questions for you. First of all, curious in what you're observing in terms of remodel spending. Obviously the Plumbing numbers look good in the quarter, but within the Cabinet business if you can exclude the business you walked away from, what you're seeing in terms of order rates and order patterns there? And then, secondly, would love you to elaborate a little bit further on the expected payback from the incremental investment that you're making in the paint business. Obviously you're talking that that may normalize or dilute the margins, but should this also accelerate the top line growth?
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Eric, in terms of the remodeling side, we continue to see good demand. I think home price appreciation is a good driver for that. And there has been some deferral in investing in big-ticket items that folks have put into their homes for a number of years and that's coming off the sideline. As we talk to the various dealer and constituents around our business, we're hearing about good foot traffic and continued good spend. In the Cabinet and Window business, which both of those have a very strong component of R&R in them, we are seeing improved mix as well. Now, a part of that is driven by productive changes we've made to our assortment and how we're managing the business, but it's also a general uptick in mix in terms of the market. I think a great indicator is our Watkins spa business. As John said, we set another sales record there this quarter. And when you consider the discretionary nature of this product and its high price point, it really reflects on the consumer's appetite to reinvest in their home. So we're seeing the consumers utilize credit more with larger ticket purchases, such as spas. So I think the consumer is feeling confident. That's a direct reflection on demand in R&R, and then of course home price appreciation and new housing turnover, all which are continuing to grow, which continue to feed that. With regards to your second question, Eric, around the incremental payback on the Pro initiative, it's an outstanding payback for us. It's very profitable. While it doesn't have necessarily the margin of our core DIY business, it has outstanding returns for us. And I think, importantly, the fact that we are so intertwined strategically with Home Depot that this is a very positive revenue source for us for quite a while. We're very confident in the Pro and paint.
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, and, Eric, can you just give a little bit more color. I think part of your question was how did our Cabinet business grow if you factor out the business that we walked away from. And if you just take a look at our core business that's excluding that builder walk away business that we did, our core business was up kind of 5%, 6% in the quarter.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: And it looks like you're gaining market share. How do you view that relative to the market and what was that number in the first quarter?
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that's right, Eric. I think your assessment is right. We feel like we're picking up a little bit of share. Particularly in retail, we know we're picking up share for certain there. The first quarter, if you strip everything out, I think we had very similar growth rates in the first quarter of the year. And that business is a business that we did not walk away from.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and nice quarter. First question I had was on the paint margins. Just want to make sure I'm thinking about it correctly, because I guess you highlighted $30 million of extra expense in the third quarter, which could be around 500 bps, 600 bps of a margin impact. At the same time, you highlighted the promotional expense, which hits more the top line, and I'm sure that also contributed to the margin strength itself. So looking into 3Q, I know you don't get too granular here, but given that I wouldn't expect the full 500 bps, 600 bps to hit because of a lesser amount of promotional expense. Should it kind of return to that high-teens type of number that you're looking at longer term, or could it still exceed 20%?
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Mike, first of all, the $30 million of expense will not be entirely in Q3. That's going to be split between Q3 and Q4, though the majority of which I would estimate will hit in the third quarter. And so as you think about the margin degradation from where we stand today to future quarters, I think the scenario that you outlined, yes, I think we'll see consistent or steady margin degradation. I'm not expecting necessarily a clip (35:47) back to 18%, but I think over time we'll drive that way. So I think high teens, low 20%s could be an opportunity for the third quarter. But as you referenced, we don't give out quarterly guidance.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. No, thanks. But just again trying to think of it the right way. Switching back to Cabinet growth, if we can get a little more detail there if possible. I don't recall hearing the exact or estimated dollar amount of the impact of the exited businesses this quarter. And then I guess maybe you can give some of the pluses and minuses, because if it's even $10 million, $15 million, that would imply kind of that best like a low single-digit sales growth rate. So just trying to think about how that might improve over time to like a mid-single-digit. If there are other drags that are holding back that business as we'd expect some of the new product initiatives and share gains to take greater hold.
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Mike, so we had about $10 million to $15 million of lost business this quarter from the exit of the direct-to-builder in the retail countertop business. I'm going to tell you that that our retail business grew in low-double digits and our dealer business grew at about single digits. So you put all that together, if you factor out, again, the business that we walked away from, our core business grew about 5%, 6%.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And is that a good run rate for the back half as well, excluding the exit of the low-margin business?
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Yes, I think that's a good way to think about it. We've got good traffic that we're seeing in our dealer customers. We have good mix. We're excited about the product launches that we have coming in, in Q3 and Q4. Now it's going to take some while for that to get traction as the designers start to get comfortable with it, but it's good stuff, and we like the prospects for the business, and nice steady growth rate, and continued execution, importantly.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. One last quick one, if I could. Just on the labor inefficiencies and ERP expense and other specialty, should that start to peel off in 3Q? And excluding you're about at 4% excluding the warranty hit this quarter. Could we see that improve into mid-single digit somewhere in the like mid-single digit margin? I know, again, maybe not giving the guidance for that, but some of the ERP or labor, would that kind of be lesser of a headwind in the back half?
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have an ongoing roll out of ERP, Mike, at Milgard, and so I would anticipate $4 million to $5 million of ERP expense each of the next several quarters and that will probably go into the first part of 2015  2017, I should say, as we continue to roll it out across all of Milgard's manufacturing locations. So that will continue.
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: In terms of the labor, let me take that one, John. The nature of the issue that we're having here is really about supporting the high growth with additional labor, and labor turnover. So this is probably our toughest business when it comes to being in the northwest and getting our labor and keeping our labor. With this growth, we drive hard with respect to getting as much as we can out of our existing shifts. And when you put in new second shifts, there's always a learning curve for that, bringing in some new supervision. So I think we'll probably see some labor inefficiencies bleed into next quarter a little bit, but we're on this and we're going to get it taken care of quickly.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Samuel Eisner with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, good morning, everyone.
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Sam.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: On the Plumbing segment, I just want to make sure I got the moving pieces correctly here. You commented that there was about $10 million of revenue load-in, assumed that's 20% margin, so about $2 million of EBIT, and you had a $5 million hedging benefit as well. Are those the only two major items in a bridge that we should be modeling, or thinking about for this quarter? Just because obviously, the profitability in this quarter was pretty substantial.
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, no, Sam, I think you're thinking about it exactly right.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. That's helpful there. The $10 million for next quarter, is that essentially offsetting some of the walk savings for the hedging losses that you had in the third quarter as well?
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, the $10 million really is, for next quarter, the second half of the year, really. It really is some product launches that we're doing. Now I would tell you, the other thing that probably impacts the second quarter, Sam, that I forgot to mention probably is, we're (40:48) on marketing spend in the second quarter. So I think you'll see that grow as we go into the third and fourth quarter, and then there's $10 million of expense related to these product launches, if the collateral material displays and the like gets the products into our, either our channel partners or the wholesale showrooms where we're launching these products.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Maybe transitioning over to the paint segment, you commented that you're starting to see some price increases by your TiO2 suppliers. When do you anticipate some of that to start to impact your P&L, and how are you guys going to go about offsetting that? Do we expect that, back half of the year, that you'd start to see a raw material headwind? How do you think about the whole price-cost relationship going forward?
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In terms of that, generally we have a 60-to-90 day lag before raw material price increases flow through and hit our financial statements. So I think you'll start seeing the impact of the second quarter increase really hit our third quarter. And then, to the extent that there are further increases later in the year, you can again calibrate those on those 60-to-90 day timeframe where it flows through. In terms of, how do we offset, obviously we work with our suppliers very closely on that. We're working on cost productivity within our own operations to try to offset some of that. That said, I think we've got a good thing going right now with our Pro business and our MARQUEE business, that seems like it's heading in the right direction. So hopefully, as consumers mix up a little bit, that will help offset some of that pricing pressure.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. And if I can just sneak one more in here. Keith, you made the comment about, we're talking about R&R spending, how consumers are utilizing a bit more credit these days. I was wondering if you could expand on that a little bit more. Are you seeing that in the forms of people starting to use HELOCs and home equity loans again? Just curious if you can expand on that comment. Thanks.
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Sure. I'll point you to our use of credit and our  just a direct little statistic here, in terms of third-party consumer financing program that we have in our Watkins spa business. Year-to-date, that volume is up 60%. Our in-store approval rates are up nearly 80%, and applications are up 30%. So that's one example there, and certainly, HELOCs is another one where people are starting to pull that value out of their home. But very much close to home is that credit financing that we see in Watkins, which is for a big-ticket item. So we think that's a great sign for consumer confidence, and it shows a willingness to invest in that bigger-ticket item for the home.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Wojs with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yes, hey, guys. Good morning. Nice job.
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Tim.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): I guess, just on Decorative, you had made the comment that BEHR was up year over year from a volume basis. Could you expand a little bit, maybe what gallon growth was in BEHR for Q2? And then the inventory reduction you that cited, is that over, or is there some residual impact to think about for Q3?
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So gallon growth is up low-single digits in the second quarter. In terms of the inventory reduction, we think it's largely behind us, though we continue to monitor that. I would tell you, though, that our sell-through with our channel partner was better than our sell-in to the channel partner in the quarter.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Okay. And then maybe just a bigger-picture question. You guys have done a really nice job deleveraging the balance sheet. And so I know you're paying more dividends and you're still buying back stock, but how do you think about the aggression or the intensity within the M&A program, particularly in Decorative and Plumbing going forward?
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Tim, we laid out a balanced approach to capital allocation last year at the Investor Day. It's working for us, and we plan to continue to do that. As we talked about, we've repurchased 28 million shares against our 50 million share authorization. We paid down debt of $40 million  $400 million, excuse me, lots of zero. Increased our dividend twice. So we like the balance that this has given us, with specific regard to acquisition. We're focused on bolt-on acquisitions. As we've said, we're not changing our strategy, and specifically on paint and plumbing. We would look, and are looking in other areas, but our focus is on paint and plumbing. Our pipeline is growing in terms of absolute size, and we're seeing accelerated movement of targets through our pipeline as we develop them, develop relationships, and start to understand better how we could add value. We're being prudent, I would say careful, in making sure that our acquisition targets, and a deal, should we do it, would bring good value. We're very disciplined in looking for the appropriate return on our investment, and the ability for us to bring synergies to it. So no real change to our capital allocation or our M&A strategy, anything that's significantly different from what we've talked about for the better part of a year-and-a-half or so. I would tell you that I like our balanced approach because it gives us flexibility, but our strategy is unchanged in this area.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Keep up the good work.
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Thank you.
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Will do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Wood with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Congratulations. On Cabinets, can you talk about the rate of margin improvement by channel between retail and dealer, where it's happening faster or beating your expectations, particularly on price? And in that same vein, if you could talk about the impact the common ERP system is having in terms of price and service?
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: In terms of where the improvements of margin are coming, a channel-by-channel basis, the lion's share of our margin improvements is operationally based, and it's very hard to detangle that. It's reflected in both channels of distribution. So the biggest change in margin from a cost-out perspective is really shared between the channels. When you look at where we're having the most margin productivity in terms of price, if you will, I'd point to the dealer side, where we're getting mix, and that's been very helpful. We've come out now some time ago with the KraftMaid vantage program, which really gives some differentiation to the dealers, and we're seeing that be very productive and that continues to raise in terms of the percentage of mix of our overall sell. And so I'd look at our margin as a combination. Of course, there's factory and shop floor improvements that are shared by both segments. And then particularly in dealer, the mix-up is helping us. And I'll tell you, we're excited about the new products. We've got  John talked about and I summarized about the investments that we have in the back half around new products for both KraftMaid as well as our Quality brands. So from my perspective, that pipeline for continuing our improvement in this segment is important and we're hitting it.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. And also as a follow up, what feedback are you getting from the builders with the product exits that you're seeing? Are they shifting to lower-end cabinets from other manufacturers? Are you getting any builders coming back to the large manufacturers such as yourself?
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: I haven't really seen the price point of the replacement for the work that we're walking away from and how that's being replaced. I suspect it's at a relatively consistent level of pricing and et cetera. In terms of who's getting that business, it's really not the big nationals. What we're seeing more often than that  substantially more often than that is the regional players.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. First question I wanted to ask was in the Plumbing category, specifically digging into the North American business. Terrific sales performance there. There's already been some discussion of big ticket and in the spa business. Across the kind of main Delta portfolio, what were you seeing in terms of what sorts of products were driving that very strong sales gains? Obviously, we saw a lot of design improvements at the trade shows early this year. So what are you seeing there, and what has been driving that very strong sales growth?
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: It's really broad based. In our core business and through both wholesale distribution and repair and remodeling, we're seeing nice unit volume, and that Delta brand is very well known for those customers that are in that price point. And we're very pleased with the performance of our showroom brands, which would be that higher end. We mentioned our Brizo brand, which is the high-end brand underneath Delta Faucet company. That's double-digit growth and running very well. You look at our Axor brand, which is a high-end brand within the Hansgrohe organization that had double-digit growth. And then within the Hansgrohe continuum of product, the higher end is continuing to drive. So I'm happy with our channel focus and the work that our sales folks are doing in the showroom. That's very productive for us. But the bread and butter of the core is doing as well in terms of unit volume.
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Nishu, what I would add to that is you may recall we had a very strong fourth quarter with our wholesale customers. And therefore, that led to a pretty soft Q1 with those same customers because they had pulled forward some orders out of Q1 into Q4. As we look at the numbers, I would tell you that we think that there was some replenishment going on, particularly in the first part of the second quarter as they continued to fill lower inventories. That helped made the second quarter top line.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Got it. No, that's very helpful. And price commodity wise, you mentioned in Plumbing that that was a tailwind. And obviously, you talked a little bit about in paint, the headwinds there. As you look across just the kind of market pricing, some of the metals prices are rising, wood products as well, the energy chain. So I was just wondering if you could talk about how that might flow through across the separate divisions in the next couple of quarters and what your outlook is there, please.
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Yeah, so I think there's a couple things there, Nishu, to talk to you about. Brass, which is the main component of our Plumbing products, is made of copper and zinc. And zinc actually has risen pretty nicely over the course of the last couple of quarters. It's been up off its bottoms consistently. If you take a look at copper, copper really fell pretty dramatically in the November timeframe last year and really stayed low through kind of mid-January, and then it started to tick up from there. And as we've said in the past, it takes about two quarters for those impacts to flow through and hit our P&L, which is about the second quarter when that would  when we feel a lot of that impact. So feel good about that. Looking around to our other product categories, though, not seeing a ton of inflation in our wood products at all. We've seen a little bit of inflation, but not much, TiO2, we've already spoken about. Petroleum has been up and down a little bit. The one area that we did see a little bit of inflation, and we called this out in our first quarter call was glass out in the western United States where a glass factory had gone down and so we had implemented price to offset that price increase that we incurred. That said, we're working hard on our continuous improvement through our Masco operating system to try to offset any of this inflation that we are incurring to continue to drive our margins even higher.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Susan Maklari with UBS. Please go ahead.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Good morning.
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: It seems like, doing some quick math here, you did make some improvements in your working capital this quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about what's been going on there, and are there further efforts that we can expect to see as you continue to maybe drive some efficiencies?
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Let's talk about inventory first, Susan. We really look at inventory as an indicator of how well our supply chain is doing, we look at working capital as an indicator of how well our supply chain is doing. So when we look at these improvements, I think it's really a reflection of the work that the teams have been doing in the factories and in our supply chain organizations to drive down and drive out waste in the shop floor through things like setup reduction and focused on one-piece flow and all of those fundamentals that we have as part of our operating system. In terms of inventory from a supply chain perspective, we look at and are constantly developing and improving our methodologies for identifying minimum order quantities and working with our suppliers so that we can get shorter supply chains. So it's a combination of a lot of work that we're doing. Quite frankly, Susan, I didn't expect us to be able to continue to improve to this degree. If you look at where we are, it's pretty darn good. I don't know if we're best in breed in our peer group, but I know we're very close. And the better you get, the harder it is to get better. We're not going to stop. But I wouldn't look for any material real improvements here. But don't tell my guys that.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Sounds good. And then in terms of the free cash generation, I mean, you've obviously done an amazing job there as well. But as we think about your ability to perhaps drive some even more-improved operating margins in these businesses, is there any change to how you're thinking about your ability to generate free cash and how that could possibly trend looking out?
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I don't think so, Susan. As you cite, as our free cash flow  as our profits continue to grow, I think a couple of good things. As Keith just mentioned, we've got working capital locked down pretty tight so as that continues to grow, that should help our free cash flow. Our capital expense, our CapEx is a relatively light touch. We've been averaging around 2%, just under 2% of sales for the last several years, a little bit more than that this year as we completed a couple of investments that we're making, but after this year, we do expect that to migrate that back down to kind of to that 2% of sales range. So don't feel like there's significant investment to be poured back into the business as we continue to grow, so that should really enhance our free cash flow in the next several years.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one additional question. Mr. Mike Dahl with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple of questions around paint. First, obviously a lot of initiatives around kind of the Pro and building that business, I think interesting with the hub store roll out and doubling there. Could you just talk a little bit more about beyond this next 100 stores what the opportunity is and I guess as part of this, is this really the most-successful initiative that you've seen as far as what it actually takes to crack the code with the Pro, just any color around there?
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Well, this is a $6 billion market when you look at it and we look at where we are, I'm happy with our growth rate certainly, but I think there's a substantial runway for us to continue in working with The Home Depot to do better and better here. The additional hub stores, obviously we're making that investment because it works. But we still have a lot of value to generate here, no question, given the size of the market, and given our relative newness. We're continuing to learn. We have an outstanding team in paint, and we have an outstanding partner in Home Depot. And as I've talked about on several occasions, to me, it's the interwoven strategy that we have with these guys and our cooperation and our relationship that's really driving a good chunk of this value. And that's continuing to increase. So I'm very positive on the outlook in Pro. And we're going to continue to deploy our operating system against this initiative. Our people are developing. We're learning more. We're servicing the Pro better. We're getting faster. There's a lot of room for upside here.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And, Keith, how much of the business is still going through a Home Depot store versus some of your direct-to-customer initiatives?
Keith J. Allman - President, CEO & Class II Director: Oh, goodness. Most of it. Almost all of it.
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Over 99%, Mike, is going to the Depot store. Very  almost nothing's going direct-to-customer.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks. And then second question is around the Liberty program wins, John. Just wondering if you could give us a little color on just how to think about any potential load-in factor. How much of the investments that you highlighted are related to this Liberty program? And how to think about kind of then an ongoing run rate for kind of sales there.
John G. Sznewajs - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, so this program is something that Liberty launched a couple of years ago, and they won the West Coast and then subsequently won the Midwest region. And now they've won the balance of the United States with these 800-plus stores that we'll be bidding in Q4. In terms of the investment that's going to go  and it should be kind of in the order of magnitude of $5 million, mostly in Q4, Mike, when we set those stores. There will be a bit of a load-in on that. Don't have a good estimate for you. I'll probably give you some greater clarity in Q3 as we get closer to the launch of those  on the Q3 call when we get to the launch of those stores. But I got to tell you that the Liberty team has just done a terrific job of coming up with new programs consistently, new merchandising concepts which this really is, and really enhancing their business with their channel partners. So hats off to Mark and the Liberty team. They've done a great job of building that business.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Tasi - Director-Investor Relations Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP
Analysts: Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc. Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Susan M. Maklari - UBS Securities LLC George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Josh K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's First Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. My name is Stephanie and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Irene Tasi, Director of Investor Relations. Irene, you may begin.
Irene Tasi - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Stephanie, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2016 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will open for analyst questions. As a reminder, we would appreciate it if you would limit yourself to one question with one follow up. If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to call me directly at 313-792-5500. I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitutes forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We have described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Any references to operating profit, earnings per share or cash flow on today's call will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted, with a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our quarterly press release and presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide four, we carried last year's momentum into 2016 and we're off to a strong start this year. We experienced solid demand for our brands across the price continuum, including big ticket items such as spas, windows and cabinets, as well as smaller ticket items in our paint and plumbing categories. Our portfolios inherent operating leverage and our focus on cost control were key factors to our success. Looking specifically at the quarter, our topline increased by 5% when you exclude the impact of currency, which cost us $19 million in the quarter. Notably, our operating margin increased 350 basis points to 13.8%, reflecting our portfolio's strong operating leverage. This represents our best first quarter performance in 12 years. Importantly, our EPS grew 78% to $0.32 per common share. These results reflect our ability to capitalize on improving end market dynamics and our ability to generate solid consumer demand for our industry-leading brands. I'd like to provide you with some additional insight into the drivers behind each of our segment's performance. Let's begin with Plumbing. Our portfolio of Plumbing businesses continued its strong performance and grew sales in North America by 5% when you exclude the impact of Canadian currency, and grew internationally by 3% in local currency. Each of our Plumbing businesses contributed to this growth, including Hansgrohe, who yet again set a company record for quarterly sales and operating profit. The Delta and Brizo brands continue to resonate with the consumer and drive sales in both the retail and wholesale channels. Our premier wellness business, Watkins, demonstrated the success of their brand, dealer network and bolt-on acquisition strategy by growing their top and bottom lines through the successful integration of Endless Pools. Our Decorative Architectural segment delivered an outstanding quarter as the investments we have made to support the growth of this segment continue to take hold. BEHR drove sales with its award winning core DIY products such as BEHR MARQUEE, its differentiated consumer experience in the aisle with a new color center and its launch of new products such as Granite Grip floor coatings. Our Pro paint sales continued to outpace the market growth as a result of our mutual efforts with The Home Depot to capture share in this channel. We remain committed to investing behind this important growth initiative. Turning to Cabinets, the team delivered yet another strong quarter, maintaining their leadership position at retail and gaining share in the dealer channel with both Merillat and KraftMaid brands. To further position this business for profitable growth, the team has continued to optimize their sales mix by exiting low margin direct-to-builder business in the Carolinas and exiting the kitchen countertop product category. Given these actions and cabinetry's positive trajectory, we expect this segment to achieve operating profit margins between 8% and 9% in 2016. Our Windows and Other Specialty Products segment had another great quarter. Milgard, the leading window brand in the Western United States, grew their top line by 9% as they consistently executed against a dynamic economic environment. Augmenting our solid operational performance across all segments was our execution against key capital allocation initiatives. We strengthened our balance sheet by paying down $400 million in debt and refinancing two of our debt maturities. These actions will result in approximately $45 million of annual interest expense savings going forward. We also continued our share repurchase activity in the quarter, buying back approximately 3.2 million shares. To date, we have repurchased over 25 million shares against our 50 million share repurchase authorization, returning over $600 million to shareholders and thus delivering on our commitment to drive shareholder value. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to John who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail. John?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide six. As Irene mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time charges. We continued our positive momentum coming out of 2015 with a solid start to 2016. The first quarter of 2016 was our 18th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and operating profit growth. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, sales increased 5%. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted our sales in the first quarter by approximately $19 million as the U.S. dollar strengthened against the euro, the British pound and the Canadian dollar. North American sales were up 5% in the quarter. We're experiencing strong demand for our repair and remodeling products in all channels of distribution and across the price continuum, as we see consumers trading up to our better and best product offerings. As a reminder, repair model activity accounts for approximately 83% of our total sales. International sales increased 2% in local currency in the quarter, driven by the continued strength in our international plumbing and window businesses. Gross margins expanded approximately 320 basis points compared to the first quarter of last year to 33.1%. Our SG&A as a percent of sales improved as well, delivering a 20-basis-point improvement over the prior year, driven by focused cost control throughout the organization. We delivered very strong bottom line performance as operating income increased 39% to $237 million with operating margins expanding 350 basis points to 13.8%, our highest first quarter margin since 2004. And our EPS was $0.32, an improvement of $0.14 or 78% compared to the first quarter of 2015. Turning to slide seven, our Plumbing segment sales increased 4% in the quarter excluding the impact of currency, driven by growth in our faucets, showers, spas and rough plumbing products. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted this segment's sales by approximately $16 million in the quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation related to the Canadian dollar, our North American sales grew 5%, driven by strong demand for our innovative Delta and Brizo brands in the wholesale channel. This performance was achieved despite, as we foreshadowed on our Q4 call, approximately $15 million of sales being pulled forward into Q4 of 2015 from Q1 of 2016 as several wholesale customers strived to hit higher rebate tiers in the final quarter of last year. North American Plumbing sales increased 8% if you exclude the impact of foreign currency and the sales pull forward. Our international Plumbing sales increased 3% in local currency. Hansgrohe continues to outperform as it delivered its highest quarterly sales and operating profit in the company's history. This achievement is a testament to Hansgrohe's successful investment in brand, design and innovation. Operating profit for the segment increased 17% in the quarter driven by incremental volume, productivity improvements in North America and a favorable price commodity relationship in Europe. Our first quarter operating profit also benefited by approximately $5 million due to the timing of sales and marketing expenses at Delta. Turning to slide eight, in the Decorative Architectural segment, first quarter sales grew 9% fuelled by strong demand for both BEHR's core DIY products including BEHR MARQUEE, KILZ primers and our new floor coatings products at The Home Depot as well as our BEHR Pro paint initiative. Favorable weather supplemented the strong demand for our industry leading products as evidenced by our strong exterior paint and stain sales in the quarter. Liberty Hardware had another solid quarter due to continued share gains from successful new product introductions and program wins in the retail channel. Operating income increased 27% in the first quarter principally due to the operating leverage and the strong volumes at BEHR. While we've had a great start to 2016 with our Decorative Architectural segment, I want to remind you that this segment is facing a difficult comp in Q2 as the second quarter of 2015 was an all-time record sales quarter for BEHR. Turning to slide nine, our Cabinetry segment sales declined 5% in the quarter due to the deliberate exit of certain lower margin business with builder channel in the United States at select low margin accounts in our UK cabinet business. This decline was partially offset by high single digit growth in the dealer channel, both our Merillat offerings and our dealer exclusive KraftMaid Vantage program continued to perform and drive increased volume and favorable mix. As Keith mentioned earlier, we took additional actions in the first quarter to position this segment for profitable growth, including exiting the Carolinas builder direct business and our retail kitchen countertop product lines. These actions, when coupled with the previously announced pullback in our builder direct business, will negatively impact this segment's top line by about $60 million for the full year while improving its profitability. On a quarterly basis, the revenue impact will be approximately $15 million for each of the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter. Segment profitability in the first quarter improved $27 million over 2015. Our strong Q1 margin was driven by cost savings initiatives and continued growth of our higher price-point semi-custom KraftMaid offering. This segment's profitability in the quarter was also favorably impacted by approximately $4 million due to the timing of certain operational and marketing related expenses. As a result of the actions I mentioned earlier, and the recent performance of this business, we anticipate operating margins for this segment should be between 8% and 9% in 2016. Turning to slide 10, our Windows segment sales increased 9%, driven by low double digit sales growth in Milgard, our leading Western U.S. window business. Milgard is seeing strong demand in the Western U.S. resulting in increased volume and the continued benefit of a favorable shift toward our premium window and door product lines. Excluding the $2 million negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, our European window sales increased 9% as this segment continues to benefit from share gains, the acquisition of Evolution Manufacturing and growth in Phoenix Door product line. This segment's operating profit declined in the quarter due to increased ERP expenses at Milgard of approximately $5 million and incremental labor costs in preparation for the spring selling season of approximately $3 million. And turning to slide 11, during the quarter, we took further action to further strengthen our balance sheet. In March, we issued $400 million of 3.5% five-year notes and $500 million of 4.375% ten-year notes. Earlier this month, we used the proceeds from these debt issuances together with cash on hand to repay and early retire all of our $1 billion notes due in October 2016 and $300 million which were due in March of 2017. To complete the retirement of these two debt maturities, we will incur approximately $40 million in a one-time interest payment in the second quarter of 2016. Including this one-time payment, we anticipate interest expense for the second quarter to be approximately $88 million. The result of these transactions will be an annual interest expense reduction of nearly $45 million. Starting with our third quarter of 2016, our quarterly interest expense will be approximately $44 million. With these debt transactions, we have delivered on our long-term commitment to strengthen our balance sheet. Due to our strong cash flow and this recent debt retirement, we have greatly enhanced our financial flexibility as our net debt to EBITDA now stands at approximately 1.8 times on a pro forma basis. From a working capital perspective, we delivered another strong quarter of performance with working capital as a percent of sales improving 50 basis points versus the prior year to 13.3%. Finally, as Keith mentioned, during the quarter, we repurchased 3.2 million shares valued at approximately $86 million. With that, I will now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, John. I'm pleased with our team's consistent execution. Our results reflect the strength of our powerful brands and our focus on operational excellence. We have strong positions in good industries, and our portfolio is aligned to improving macro trends. Existing home prices continue to appreciate, which is a driver for larger ticket items such as cabinets and windows. Housing turnover continues to accelerate, which is a leading indicator of repair and remodel spend and affordability remains well above historic averages. As a result of these trends, the consumer continues to gain confidence to reinvest in the home, and we are well positioned to benefit from that. The strategies that we laid out last year are working. And going forward, we remain committed to: one, investing behind our brands for growth; two, developing innovative products to ensure that we maintain our must-have position with our customers; three, focusing on operational excellence through our continued deployment of the Masco Operating System; and, finally, balancing our capital allocation between acquisitions with the right strategic fit and return, share buybacks and dividends. Our operational execution coupled with our strengthened balance sheet and strong liquidity position provides us with multiple levers to continue to drive shareholder value. With that, I'd like to open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Samuel Eisner with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, good morning everyone.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Sam.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, on the Cabinets business, your guidance is for 8% to 9%. It seems as though expense timing already gets you toward that high end of that range based on your guidance. And so I'm just curious, can you walk through what the puts and takes are for the remainder of the year perhaps touching on some of the already announced cost savings as well as underlying incrementals for the Cabinets business going forward?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sam, as we mentioned, there was a deferral of marketing spend of about $4 million. So, that's certainly benefited us in this quarter and then we will have that expense in the following quarter. We are focused on growing this business. We're making a pivot here, and we're investing behind that growth. So, we will be seeing further investments as we drive growth. And you can expect to model this business going forward in that 30% to 35% level of contribution margin dropdown in incrementals.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then just a follow-up on paint. You've seen some of your other competitors talk about traction with TiO2 price increases in the market. Can you comment a bit about what you're seeing in the market and also the implications that it might have on your 2017 goals? Thanks.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we're pretty confident that the material costs have bottomed, and we are experiencing significant cost pressure from our major suppliers on TiO2 and resins as well. I think when you look at where we're driving growth in particular with this business and the Pro channel as we have talked before, we are doing a nice job there of driving that growth. And it is lower margin for us while a great return. So, we're going to continue to invest behind that. So, there is some margin pressure that we're seeing both in terms of the commodities as well as our mix as we drive that growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and nice quarter. First question I had was just kind of taking a step back and looking at the progress here and thinking about the 2017 goals that you've laid out. It would appear that with all the progress and certainly the positive margin momentum that you're on your way, I just wanted to get a sense of  I think last quarter you reiterated your outlook for your ability to hit that goal. I wanted to know if that was still the case and just kind of talk through any of the puts and takes on that goal as we sit here today relative to when you issued it about a year ago. Thanks. And also then I have a follow up. Sorry.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. We're positive on the underlying fundamentals driving the business. When you look at our expectation at R&R growth rate of about 5%, there may be some upside to that, but I think it's a little too early to call. I'd like to see a little more time before we move off of that expectation in terms of the R&R growth. We are seeing good new construction growth. Our estimate is 10% compared to 2015, and we're seeing that. And we're seeing a shift in that market mix in new construction to be more single family laden versus commercial, and that helps us. We have higher content per unit in that and better mix in that. So the fundamentals are strong. R&R is 80% of our businesses. Home prices are appreciating as we talked about. Demographics are improving. Affordability is still very favorable. And our capacity is in shape as we talked about in the past. We're ready for this uplift. So, we feel good. We're positive about the outlook. We're positive about 2017. And we're committed to  and we're on track for the 2017 EPS target of $1.80 per share. We're not moving off of that.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Hey, Mike, it's John. Just maybe a couple supplemental comments to Keith. If you look at the various components of how we built that walk from 2015 to 2017, I think we're probably coming a little bit softer in the top-line than we initially forecasted, but I think what's coming through a little bit stronger than we had initially anticipated are some of the cost-outs. And obviously you're seeing that reflected in the performance of the Cabinet business. There's couple other areas of small opportunity, obviously the debt refinancing that we put in probably adds a couple pennies to that $1.80 that we outlined last year as we refinanced sooner and at a lower rate than we had assumed in the forecast we provided last year. So maybe a little bit of upside to that $1.80. Not a ton at this time however. I think we're reaffirming that $1.80 right now, and we're pleased with how we're getting here.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Nice. That's helpful. Thanks, John. I guess just secondly, you mentioned the timing of expenses both in Cabinets and Delta, and the Plumbing business. I think you said that you expect the Cabinet  that timing of expenses to impact 2Q. Is that the same for Delta and is there any other type of timing issues that we should anticipate for the second quarter?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yes, no other timing issues, Mike. I would tell you that the $4 million, while not a huge number, will probably be spread across a couple of quarters. There's just some products that will be coming to market and those are really launch costs related to those new products. And so depending on when those come to market, we'll incur those. The Delta $5 million, yes, I think will largely be deferred into the second quarter of the year. But beyond those two, nothing else of a timing issue.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Barclays. Your Iine is open.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, thanks very much, guys. Good strong quarter. I wanted to ask a little bit if I could just follow up on those timing charges. I think you itemized I think $9 million or whatever, $5 million in Delta and another $4 million in Cabinets. I was curious if we sort of back that out, the impact on the overall margin, gross margin, doesn't seem like it would be that significant, only about 50 basis points or so, which still leaves your gross margin this first quarter at a very high level. Historically it seems that the first quarter gross margin is generally the lowest of the year, and so I was curious as to whether or not you felt that was also likely to be the case this year, or if there was something else that was likely to drive that gross margin down later in the year.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Well, I think, Stephen, as you take a look at several things that impact our gross margin, I think the one that probably most dramatically impacted the favorable gross margin in the first quarter of this year was the commodity environment that we find ourselves in. As you probably realized, most of the commodities bottomed in January of this year as the year got off to a pretty choppy start with the overall stock market and economic environment. And since that time, we've seen a pretty consistent rise in both base metals, some of the hardwood, and as Keith reference add couple minutes ago, we're seeing it also in TiO2 that goes into our paint business. So, I think, with raw materials slowly inflating, they're not dramatically inflating but starting to inflate, I think, that will add some pressure on our gross margin going forward. That said, to your point, the first quarter is seasonally typically our slowest quarter of the year, and as we enjoy the seasonal volumes that come with the second and third quarters, I think, there's potential to have stronger gross margins as the year continues to unfold.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I would add to that, Stephen, that while we are seeing some upward pressure on the raws, our mix is holding quite well, and that's also a driver of some of that favorable gross margin. When you look at our Windows business, which is obviously a big ticket, our wellness business and spas, I think that's a good indicator of the stability of our mix. So, there's a couple things going in opposite direction there. We think we're going to hold our mix. We don't anticipate that slipping, but we are experiencing pressure in raw materials.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Well, that sounds like it's, all things combined, going to be a pretty positive. You'll still wind up on the positive side of the ledger. I guess my next question relates to your comment about the Cabinet incremental investments and your guidance for 8% to 9% this year in margins, which seems a little low relative to what you did in the first quarter. I was curious if you could talk a little bit more about what you meant by pivoting to growth and if you could talk about, is that something that has changed in your view or just sort of the next step in your strategy for Cabinets and if your thinking has evolved at all about whether or not the segment is core in your opinion or not?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: As we've talked about for some time now, our focus and the team's focus in Cabinets is to improve our profitability and the quality of the earnings and get that business in shape to compete. We've worked hard on our processes underlying how we work, we've worked hard on our product assortment, and we certainly have made significant improvements in our leadership team there. And as is often the case, I think, in situations like this, to get in shape that sometimes means you need to get better before you get bigger. And we've done, I think, a pretty good job of doing that. So the change in focus on growth is really more of a next step and an evolution of our thinking based on how we've gotten ourselves fit and ready for the ring and ready to get in there and compete for growth. And that's how I'd characterize it, more as a next step as we've earned the right to grow.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Well, thanks very much, guys. Looking forward to it
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. I guess, Keith, just carrying on that last comment you made there, just to clarify, the $60 million that you detailed, John, on the walkaway business in Cabinets, does that include the actions that you took in the third quarter or is that just related to the actions from this quarter?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: That includes, Dennis, the actions we took last year. So, as we laid out on the fourth quarter call, we thought we'd have about $20 million of incremental lost business. So think about it as an incremental $40 million to that $20 million, so a total of $60 million.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Okay. And then I guess in conjunction with going on offence, if you back that out then in this quarter, it still looks like the organic growth in the segment was low-single digits, probably trailing the overall market by a fair amount. So do you look at these actions that you've taken so far as being the last of the culling of the revenue? And from this point forward, once we lap that, you'd envision to be trending at least back towards market growth? That's the offensive component, or could there be more pruning as you continue to fix up the business?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Dennis, I think this is really the final pruning of the sales portfolio within this business. We are doing a similar exercise at our UK Cabinet business as well, so there might be a little bit of headwind with that later in the year. That said, I just want to remind you that our dealer sales were up high-single digits in the quarter and our retail business was up low-single digits in the quarter. So we did have pretty good growth in both aspects of our non-direct-to-builder business in the first quarter of the year.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Okay, great. And then on the paint side, can you maybe just detail  split out the volumes that you're seeing both on the DIY side and any variance you might be seeing between point-of-sale and inventory management there and then on the Pro side?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Obviously, Dennis, the first quarter is a little bit of an unusual one just given the ramp-up towards the end of the quarter to go into the spring selling season. And so we did see very good sell-through as well as sell-in into the quarter. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, very strong exterior paint and exterior stain sales in the quarter driven by the favorable weather that we saw in the first quarter. And we also saw, as Keith mentioned, some  we launched some new products in the quarter; very good sell-through in that product category as well. So as we go into sort of the second quarter, inventory levels are right where we want them to be, very consistent with where we saw them at this point last year as we go into the spring selling season.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. Good luck, guys.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC. Your line is open.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, good morning, and fantastic quarter, Keith and John. You guys have made some tremendous headway in a relatively short amount of time.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Wanted to ask you on the paint business, you had a lot of  it seems like there's a bunch of things going on top line, like, you had some pull-forward into 4Q, yet you still had really good growth up 9%, and it sounds like the exterior business is strong. How should we think about organic volume growth during the quarter? And how do we think about top line moving forward given the fact you have a really tough comp?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, that's an important point you brought up, Bob, in terms of the comps that we're facing. Q2 of last year was a record quarter for us, up 6% last year. So that's a tough comp for us to lap. In the quarter that just completed, it's hard for us to estimate with extreme accuracy the effect of weather, but clearly that quarter that we just finished was one of the lightest winters we've seen nationally in a long time. So there was probably a couple points of benefit there. As we try to figure out what that is, we look at the exterior sales and they were extremely high when you look at the quarter over quarter comps. So there's a component of that. But we expect to continue to take share, particularly in our core business, as well as we've done consistently in our Pro business. And having said that, we do face a tough comp coming up.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yes, and Bob, I would remind you, though, I don't think there's a ton of pull-forward into the first quarter of the year. If you recall, the fourth quarter was a relatively flat quarter for us last year and that had to do with some timing issues due to the preceding year 2014. So I think overall, the fourth quarter from an organic basis was a pretty solid quarter.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then just taking off that, if you're hitting a tough comp volume-wise year-over-year, so you're not going to get a lot of incremental volume growth on a gallon basis and you cited some mix headwinds and some cost pressures on TiO2. How should we think about your operating margin moving forward?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: I think from here operating margins, because of what Keith cited, as a result of some of the pressures we're facing on the commodity input side, that I think you'll see that our margins come under some pressure over the course of the next several quarters as we deal with those cost pressures. That said, hopefully as we get into the spring selling season, our MARQUEE volume has been very strong, which is a nice favorable mix for us. And if we see a better paint selling season than we saw in 2015, that kind of volume could help us negate some of those. But generally speaking, I would think about margin pressure in the near term and the longer term in this segment.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think, Bob, more in line with what John said in terms of the pressure that we're seeing combated somewhat by the MARQUEE mix benefit that we have that we are seeing more gradual pressure than we are any kind of cliff or falloff of the margin.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. John, you've taken net leverage down to 1.8 times, and I think in your prepared remarks on capital allocation, you guys mentioned acquisitions. I was hoping either yourself or Keith could just touch on what the pipeline looks like, the size of a deal you would do, and your appetite versus buybacks and reinvesting in the business. Thanks and good luck.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd characterize, as we have consistently, our capital allocation strategy, Bob, is balanced. We have good generation of cash flow. And we expect M&A to play a part of our value creation as we go forward. We're focused and continue to be focused on bolt-on acquisitions with our pipeline targeted towards plumbing and paint, although we would look at others if it helped drive organic strategies. In terms of how we toggle back between buybacks and acquisitions, we have the flexibility if we saw a good deal and if that deal was bigger, we could certainly do it. But I'd tell you that we're being conservative in how we evaluate them. They need to be on strategy for our portfolio and they need to be strong returns. And we certainly evaluate those returns against what we think we can get with our own buyback. So I'd say that we haven't changed our focus to acquisition. We're working hard in developing the pipelines and contacting potential acquisitions and we're working the process. But we remain committed to balance, flexibility and our focus is on bolt-ons.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with UBS. Your line is open.
Susan M. Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Good morning, Susan.
Susan M. Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: One thing that you've mentioned over this call is that you're definitely seeing an improved mix where you're getting consumers that are trading up to some of your better, best kind of options there. Can you just talk about those trends that you're seeing and maybe how is that contributing to the margins that we should be thinking about, especially in Cabinets?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll talk about some of the trends, and then, John, you can touch on some of the impacts on margin. Susan, it's broad-based. We're seeing consistent move-up in some of our lower-price per unit products. If you look at faucets, we're seeing a move up in the showroom to more expensive, more featured products, both in terms of finish as well as functionality, be it our touch technology or magnetized docking or our in2ition showers, all those higher margin, higher contented products. At that price point, we're seeing a move up as we talked about with BEHR MARQUEE. So in the lower price point range, we're seeing a mix up. In the bigger ticket items, we're also seeing it. Our KraftMaid Vantage program is doing very well and it's helping the consumer move up in terms of wood species, the finish level, content in terms of drawer guides, et cetera. So I would characterize it clearly as broad based across the continuum. From a channel perspective, we're also seeing it. We have favorable mix in retail. Clearly in our Plumbing wholesales, we're seeing the favorable mix. We've talked about our dealer network in wellness, and we've got a couple new spas that are out. And people are willing to pay for that value. So I would characterize the mix move-up across really all of our segments and across all of our channels and price points.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yes. So, Susan, to further supplement Keith's comments, as you think about this trend, it's been going on for a number of quarters now, and as you've seen the margin progression that we've experienced from the end of 2014 through 2015 to now into the first quarter of 2016, I think a lot of what you have seen is really two-fold: one is the commodity benefit that we've been enjoying; at the same time, the mix benefit. And it's reflecting itself clearly in our Cabinet business. That's probably the one where it's most evident as you've seen the progression we've made in the Cabinet business over the course of the last four quarters as we launched Vantage about this time last year. So you can see the impact that business has had on the Cabinet business, and you can also see it in our Plumbing segment. We've had pretty consistent margins from 2014 to 2015, and now in the first part of 2016, we're seeing continued margin expansion, and I think that's really attributable primarily to the mix shift and some of the volumes that we're enjoying as a result of that favorable mix.
Susan M. Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then in terms of Milgard, you've noted that you're gaining some share there. How sustainable do you think that is and who do you think you're actually taking that business from?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Milgard's got a fantastic position in the Western U.S., Susan, as I think you're very well aware. And as we grow that business in the Western U.S., I think we're taking share from a number of competitors. Clearly, it's a highly fragmented business, and we're taking share from some of the smaller competitors, but at the same time, just given our growth, I feel like we're probably taking share from some of our more mainline competitors as well. The Milgard team has done a great job of refocusing the business away from the production builders and really more toward remodelers and the custom builders, and so we've really enjoyed very nice growth with both of those customer segments in the last year to year and a half.
Susan M. Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Your line is open.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details and congratulations on the progress so far. Two questions for you: First, for you, John, we always talked about the SG&A leverage that the company has been exerting over the last number of years, and once again you had SG&A as a percentage of sales down. Does there come a point where you have to start investing in corporate and SG&A in general to keep up with the revenue growth? And a related point, how much did FX serve to trim in dollar terms the SG&A level that you had in the first quarter? Second question in Decorative Arch and in particular in paint, you mentioned that you have to invest in the business. You have some initiatives to invest within in the second quarter. Is there any way to size what level of investment you're considering there or what the focal points are for that in 2Q and 3Q? Thank you.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yes, George, you're right. We're really proud of how the entire team has responded to our SG&A initiatives. And we have done a nice job of controlling costs as we've grown the business. What I'm most proud of particularly in the first quarter is the fact that we did a nice job of holding SG&A as a percent of sales or having it decline despite the fact that we're investing in some of the programs that impact SG&A. For instance, I think we are now up to about 150 Pro sales reps in the BEHR organization to call on the Pro-oriented contractors. So incremental costs, yet the fact that we were able to bring the SG&A as a percent down really I think it gives a sense of how the organization is responding to our desire to hold costs constant as best we can. As we grow the business, will we have to invest some in SG&A? Yes, I think we will. But I really think the mantra that both myself and particularly Keith are trying to get across to the organization is that, this is the way that we can really help create shareholder value is if we can grow the business and holding our costs down, good things happen to the bottom line and to profits. And so the entire team has responded particularly well to that. In terms of your question on FX, we didn't have much, if any at all, FX benefit on the SG&A line this first quarter. So we feel really good about how that performed here in Q1.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In terms of paint investment, George, we completed our rollout of the color centers in 2015, so that's done. And we like what we're seeing from that. The in-store customer consumer experience is getting very favorable feedback on that. But that investment is done. In terms of the promotional environment, we're seeing a bit of a tick up in the promotional levels as our competitors support recent launches. We certainly had good success in our promotions that we did last year in July 4th and in Labor Day. And I think that you can think about our investment in advertising going forward this year to be similar to what we had last year.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, Keith. Good luck in the quarter.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Thanks, George.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking my questions, and nice job in the quarter. I wanted to go back to Cabinets and maybe kind of frame the margin discussion around some of the long-term objectives. And you had outlined 7% to 10% I think last quarter, you stressed that that wasn't necessarily a ceiling, and clearly the 8% to 9% today, and people previously pointing out that that may even sound conservative. It doesn't take that many years of 30% to 35% dropdown to get back to a mid-teens margin in this business. So how are you thinking about just the next couple of years and the opportunity, especially with some of the improved mix and what's realistic as far as the path for that business?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think working this business over the next couple years to mid-teens is realistic, and we're driving in that direction. And importantly as I mentioned earlier, I really like the team there. And they're doing a great job, and the nature of the improvements that we're seeing are broad based. It's SG&A. Certainly it's manufacturing, conversion costs. We're working a lot on our wood yields and our finishing yields. We've invested into better quality system and our quality costs are coming down. And we're doing it  Joe and the team there are doing it with a process orientation. So, as I look at how we're doing it as far as what's been done, I'm confident that it's sustainable. And now as we start to work harder on our growth initiatives and we're seeing the results of that  KraftMaid is the number one brand in repair and remodeling, and Merillat is the number one brand in new construction. As we get ourselves back and get that momentum back, I think it's sustainable. So I do believe that those margin targets that we talked about in a couple of years are doable.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's great. Thanks. And as a follow up, just those growth investments, can you elaborate a little bit more on now that you  so you've earned the right to compete for growth. I mean, you've clearly been focused on pruning some parts of the portfolio in Cabinets. But what are some of the specific areas that you are looking to invest more heavily in, in terms of growth initiatives?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: A couple of key ones are product assortment initiatives. So going after and understanding the trends that are out there and launching new products to address those trends, both in terms of form and function, look and aesthetics, as well as price points. So, going after the broad spectrum in terms of taste as well as price. And then with that, as you salt (48:27) these launches into the channel, you have some launch expenses; certainly there's a component of advertising that's in there, but primarily it's more on the launch side. Outside of assortment, looking at the channel, as we grow, we have significant headroom, we believe, in share of wallet of our existing dealer base. And to help to drive that and to motivate that, there's some expense that you incur in terms of incentives. And we also believe that there's spots, as we look at our national coverage, where we can either get more dealers or get higher quality dealers. And to start up new dealers that takes some money. So primarily, the investments are around product assortment enhancements and channel enhancements.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Chan with Baird. Your line is open.
Josh K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning and congrats on a great quarter. We talked a little bit about weather in the Decorative business, but I was just wondering about what are your thoughts on how much weather might have helped in Q1 and maybe what trends you're seeing in April and that trajectory there?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah, Josh, it's John. Beyond paint, it's really tough to get an assessment of how much weather benefited us in the first quarter in our other segments. As you would expect, most of our Plumbing business is focused on the remodeling channel and repair, and so when your faucet breaks, you repair it on a timely basis as opposed to weather. We may have had a little bit of benefit on the new construction side as I think the builders were able to button up a few more homes in Q1 than they normally would, but beyond that it's really tough to get a true assessment just given the nature of the products that we have.
Josh K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Any color on whether the trajectory has continued into April?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: On the  I'm sorry, the weather or...
Josh K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): The demand trajectory.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: The demand trajectory? I'd say demand has been pretty consistent.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we have  there's no  I think, Josh, you're talking about weather here. I think we're out of it here in April  pretty clean.
Josh K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. And then my other question is, you talked briefly about raw material inflation through the rest of the year. How would you kind of characterize pricing ability and the ability to offset that over time?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: It depends on the product category, but generally speaking, if you're thinking about the long-term trend, we are able to get price over the long-term. Probably the place where it's most critical in the near term is in our Window business. As I think you may be aware, there was some glass plants that went down in the Western U.S., and so glass was on allocation in the Western U.S. And so we have been passing through price here in the first quarter with our Milgard business in the Western U.S. In the other product categories, it's kind of on a case-by-case basis. So we did get pricing in Europe in Q1 as well and our Plumbing business.
Josh K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. Thank you for your time.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yep.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie Capital. Your line is open.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities: Hi. Good morning. A follow up to the trade-up (51:45) question you answered earlier. Can you compare the product mix you're selling now compared to where you were when housing was more normal historically? Thus, I'm asking, are you still cyclically depressed in terms of product mix?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: So you're asking, Mike, just so I'm clear, you're asking maybe compared to 10 years, 11 years ago and what we're seeing today versus what we're seeing then?
Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities: Yeah, basically how much more room is there in terms of product mix to get to a more normalized mix within portfolios like Plumbing and Cabinets?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think we're pretty close to normal right here.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Clearly when we went through the crash, there was a reduction in content per unit, cabinets per house, bathrooms per house, houses got smaller, et cetera. And there was a mix down. I think we've come back from that, and I would say that we're at about normal levels.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities: Got it.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's tough to put a very finite metric on that, but, yeah, it feels like we're back to the normal levels.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities: Okay. What are you doing now, like what stage are you in the Pro paint initiatives? Anything that you're working on right now to keep growing that?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I would say we're in the early stages of it because we see a lot of headroom. In terms of what are we doing to continue to grow that, in a nutshell we're leveraging one of the best partners in the space in The Home Depot, and one of the best supply chains in the space, which is BEHR's supply chain, and one of the best products. So we're continuing to do that on all fronts. We're putting in more resources in terms of focused Pros in the stores; we're putting in focused hub stores and high-speed tinting capabilities in our distribution centers so that we can deliver large quantities to the job site when required; we're working on the experience of the Pro in the store together with Home Depot. So we're continuing to move a ton of levers to drive this demand and it's working.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Remember, Mike, our ultimate goal with Home Depot, whether it's on the DIY side or the Pro side, it's grow paint gallons. And that's their objective, that's our objective and we're aligning very closely with them to meet that goal.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Just one final question about the pivot to growth in Cabinets. Do you think your success will come more from the big box channel, the dealers? What area are you really focusing on first looking for growth?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Dealers is our focus, Keith. That being said, we have the leading share position in both retailers, and we're not resting on that. We're continuing to try to add more value so we're the best choice for more consumers through that channel and the best choice for those customers. So we're working on it. But as you know, the dealer segment is fragmented. It tends to be higher mix, and it tends to be a better channel for us. We think we have and we know how to grow in that channel. Now that we've got our assortment and our performance and the quality of the earnings back, so our focus is on the dealer, Keith, but of course we're not sleeping on big box.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So looking at the dealers, you referred in another answer on assortments. Do you not need to improve the assortment particularly towards the upper end of the range? I mean, you got out of countertops which is a little bit different business, but is there going to be investment that's going to need to come there in order to hit that market harder?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: A big part of our upper end assortment with KraftMaid Vantage has been addressed and we've had that in the market for a good year now. And  or a little better. That helped us in a number of ways. Number one, it gave the ability to differentiate our dealers, the ability to differentiate from other channels because of the offering was directed towards them and was an exclusive offering to them where you can get, while not infinite, practically infinite heights and widths and depths. So it's a good point of sale for the dealers. And then we also bundled with that a pricing scheme that made it easier to sell and upgrade. So that's really what's been driving the benefit for us is that combination of exclusivity and ability to more easily get a consumer to step up in terms of price to go for that higher content. So I think that being said, we're not going to stop being on trend on some of the higher end finishes and continue to work in that area. So I think we're okay with KraftMaid and the upper end. We are working on the lower end, and we're working to continue to improve our Merillat assortment. The Merillat dealers are back and growing with us now, which I'm really happy about. The performance issues that we had are behind us, and then the long memories are starting to get behind us as well. So I don't know so much that it's targeted on the upper end as it is more broadly across the whole spectrum.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. With two of your competitors in paint merging, what type of impact do you see in your business? I'm not expecting much, but I'm just curious to get your thoughts on that front. And would you be interested in any of the assets if there were any that were divested?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I'll meet your expectation, Phil, and not give you much. This deal hasn't gone through yet. It's very early in the transaction. So we're pleased with our paint brand. We think we're a tough competitor, and not a lot of comment on that. But I will tell you that as we have said before, our M&A pipeline is focused on bolt-ons where we can add value to organic strategy and bring synergies. And that specifically is focused, while we look at other segments, we're focused on paint and Plumbing. So should there be something available here, we could very possibly be interested.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got you.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: I would add to Keith's comments and say, hey, look, we think we've got a very good recipe for success within our paint organization. While we pay attention to the industry broadly, we're very focused on executing on our strategy of growing our paint business with our channel partner The Home Depot. And so while we're not blind to competition, we're focusing harder on our DIY products but we're also focusing very hard on our paint initiative because we think we've got great opportunities to continue to grow our paint franchise for the years to come.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And you mentioned Home Depot a big partner of yours. I believe they acquired Interline Brands last year which is a big Pro channel guy. Is that an opportunity down the road having more  a larger avenue to sell your business on the Pro channel side and would you be open into targeting a new channel outside of Pro as well as DIY down the road? Thanks.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think Interline is a great opportunity for BEHR. When you look at our supply chain and our product assortment in the Pro, we think that we're tailor-made to add value to that. And we're working with The Home Depot to figure out how to do that, and I think that would be a great leverage for our product assortment and our supply chain. Okay?
Irene Tasi - Director-Investor Relations: That concludes our call for today. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This concludes Masco Corporation's first quarter 2016 results conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-09 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Tasi - Director-Investor Relations Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP
Analysts: Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc. Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Results Conference Call. My name is Jessa, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Irene Tasi. Irene, you may begin.
Irene Tasi - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Jessa, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2015 fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. Joining me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter and full year earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst's questions. As a reminder, we would appreciate it if you would limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to contact me directly at 313-792-5500. I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Any references to operating profit, earnings per share, or cash flow on today's call will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted, with the reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our quarterly press release and presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Irene. And good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. Please turn to slide four. 2015 was a transformative year for Masco. This time last year, we outlined the three elements of our strategy for value creation: number one, realizing the full potential of our core businesses; number two, leveraging opportunity across those businesses; and number three, actively managing our portfolio. Our focused execution enabled us to achieve the objectives we set out for ourselves in each of these areas. In 2015, we delivered solid full year results, we created a stronger foundation for future profitable growth, and we generated greater shareholder value. On June 30th, we successfully spun off our Installation segment, transforming Masco into a global, branded, building products company; where our distinct advantages, brand and innovation, are key success factors. These distinct advantages, as well as our operating discipline we've deployed in our businesses, drove both top and bottom line growth. Our revenues for the year grew 6%, excluding the impact of currency, notably, despite a weakening global economy, our international revenues increased 4% in local currency. Our operating margin grew 190 basis points to 13%, our highest operating margin since 2006, demonstrating our strong operating leverage and operational execution. All four of our segments contributed to this top and bottom line growth by continuing to capitalize on their leadership positions in the building products industry. Let me provide you with some key highlights. Most impressive was the turnaround story of our cabinet business. By driving share gains at retail and dealer channels with KraftMaid, realizing significant benefits from cost savings initiatives and improving pricing dynamics in the builder channel, we drove a remarkable 810 basis point improvement in operating margin, surpassing everyone's expectations. We're proud of this accomplishment and excited about the future outlook of this business. Our Plumbing segment had another outstanding year. By leveraging the strength of their brands and innovative products, Delta; Hansgrohe; and Watkins, our spa business; each broke sales and profit records in 2015. Illustrating their leadership  industry leadership, Hansgrohe was recognized with numerous international design awards and Delta Faucet received the 2015 WaterSense Sustained Excellence Award, the highest recognition from the Environmental Protection Agency for their exemplary effort to support water efficiency. In our Decorative Architectural segment, BEHR drove gallon growth with their innovative new product, BEHR MARQUEE, their expansion into the PRO segment and their award-winning customer satisfaction levels. We remain committed to investing behind our growth initiatives, including launching four new PRO paint SuperCenters in 2015, which further improve our fulfillment and service capabilities to the professional paint contractor. BEHR's leadership position in the architectural paint industry was reaffirmed with its number one ranking in the J.D. Power's 2015 Paint Satisfaction Study in the interior paint category. From a quality perspective, BEHR distinguished itself by simultaneously being awarded a number one ranking in interior paint, exterior paint and exterior stains by a leading consumer testing organization. In our Other Specialty Products segment, Milgard Windows, the leading window brand in the Western United States, successfully capitalized on new home construction growth and growing repair remodel demand for higher-end offerings. Capping off Masco's strong operational performance this year was our ability to generate nearly $0.5 billion in cash. Consistent with our balanced capital allocation strategy, we returned over $575 million to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends in 2015. I want to thank all of our employees for their hard work, dedication and great performance in 2015. I will now turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Irene mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other onetime charges. Our 2015 performance was characterized by strong sales growth, driven by customer-focused innovation and solid operating margin expansion, resulting from cost control and productivity improvement. The fourth quarter was our 17th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and profit growth. We finished the year strong, with both our fourth quarter and full year sales increasing 6%, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation. All of our segments contributed to our strong sales growth in 2015. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted our sales in the fourth quarter by approximately $45 million and the full year by approximately $250 million, as the U.S. dollar strengthened against most major currencies, including the euro, pound and Canadian dollar. North American sales increased 6%, excluding the impact of currency for both the fourth quarter and the full year due to strong demand for our repair and remodeling and new home construction products across all channels of distribution. As a reminder, repair and remodel activity represents approximately 83% of our total sales. International sales increased 4% in local currency in the quarter and were up 5% in local currency for the full year. And our International Plumbing and Window businesses continue to perform above expectations. Demonstrating our ability to leverage SG&A as we drive growth, our SG&A as a percent of sales improved 50 basis points in the fourth quarter to 18.5% and improved 20 basis points for the full year to 18.6% of sales. And we delivered solid bottom line performance as operating income increased 31% in the quarter to $219 million, with operating margins expanding 280 basis points to 12.8%. For the full year, operating income increased 19% to $927 million, with operating margin expanding 190 basis points to 13%. The effect of currency negatively impacted operating income by approximately $6 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $42 million for the full year. For the fourth quarter, our EPS increased 61% to $0.29 and for the full year increased 35% to $1.19. Please turn to slide seven. Our Plumbing segment continued its momentum on both the top and bottom line in the fourth quarter. Sales increased 10% excluding the impact of currency. This solid performance was driven by strong sales increases of faucets, showers, spas and rough plumbing products. We're also pleased with our European performance in the quarter as our International Plumbing businesses grew 5% in local currency despite a tepid macroeconomic environment. Operating profit in the quarter increased 19% excluding the impact of currency, driven by incremental volume and a favorable price commodity relationship, particularly in Europe. Turning to the full year 2015, this segment delivered another terrific performance as demonstrated by our Delta, Hansgrohe and Watkins businesses all experiencing record sales and operating profit. Excluding the $218 million of foreign currency translation, sales increased 8% driven by growth in faucets, showers, spas and new program wins in rough plumbing. North American sales increased 10% excluding the $31 million impact of foreign currency related to the Canadian dollar as we continue to experience strong sales growth in both the trade and retail channels in 2015. More specifically, our luxury brand, Brizo, continues to drive consumer demand in trade and showrooms for our innovative new products such as the Artesso kitchen faucet. In addition, Delta gained share in faucets, showers and bathing with new product introductions at retail and trade. Our European businesses continue to outperform, delivering 5% growth in local currency as Hansgrohe grew its share in its core Central European markets with new faucet and shower offerings. Excluding the $30 million impact of foreign currency translation and the unfavorable impact of our commodity hedge of $14 million, full year operating income increased 9%. Turning to slide eight, in the Decorative Architectural Product segment fourth quarter sales decreased 4% driven by reduced paint and stain volumes in the DIY channel. This decline was driven in part from a difficult year-over-year comparison. You may recall in the fourth quarter of 2014 the timing of inventory replenishment orders favorably impacted our results as the segment sales increased 7% in the fourth quarter of 2014. Solid gains in the PRO channel partially offset this decline. If you exclude the period impacted by the timing of replenishment orders, we experienced mid-single digit gallon growth in the quarter. Full year sales grew 2%, excluding the $11 million impact of currency due to the introduction of BEHR MARQUEE Interior Paint, strong BEHR PRO growth and Liberty Hardware's continued share gains from successful new product introductions and program wins in the retail channel. Operating income increased 6% in the fourth quarter and for the full year operating income grew 12% over the prior year. Turning to slide nine, we are very pleased with the execution on the turnaround plan by the Cabinet team in 2015. Segment sales increased 5% in the fourth quarter and 3% for the full year. We continued our momentum from the third quarter with strong KraftMaid sales in the retail channel. Additionally, our dealer-exclusive KraftMaid Vantage product line, performing very well in the dealer channel, delivered both increased volume and favorable mix. Partially offsetting this growth was the deliberate exit of certain low-margin direct-to-builder business. Segment profitability in the fourth quarter improved $26 million over the prior year and our operating margin was 7.5%, our best fourth quarter margin in this segment since 2007. For the full year, operating profit improved $82 million to $51 million, which was $10 million more than we anticipated at the end of the third quarter. This was due to continued growth of higher price point semi-custom KraftMaid offering and the benefits associated with operational and other cost savings initiatives. Turning to slide 10, Milgard capped off 2015 with a great fourth quarter as they continued to drive higher volume and a favorable mix shift toward our premium window and door product lines. Milgard's growth, coupled with gains from the recent acquisition of Evolution Windows in the U.K., resulted in Q4 segment sales increasing 9% excluding the impact of foreign currency translation. This segment's operating profit was flat excluding foreign currency translation, primarily due to increased volume and improved mix, offset by increased ERP spend and other costs. For the full year, segment sales grew 10% excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, with strong window growth in the U.S. with our dealers and custom builders as consumers upgraded their purchases to higher price point products. This strong volume growth and improved mix resulted in operating profit improvement of 25% excluding the impact of foreign currency. Now turning to slide 11, the year-end balance sheet was strong with approximately $1.7 billion of liquidity. This will enable us to execute on our balanced capital allocation strategy of investing in our businesses  to grow in our businesses, pursuing strategic M&A, returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, and strengthening our financial flexibility by reducing our outstanding debt. We continue to produce some of the best working capital results in the industry as working capital as a percent of sales dropped to a record low, 11.1% at year-end. This is a result of great execution in our supply chain initiatives to help us generate nearly $500 million of free cash flow in 2015. At the same time, we delivered on our commitment to return capital to shareholders by repurchasing 17.2 million shares in 2015 and raising our dividend in the fourth quarter. Now with that, I'll pass the call back over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, John. We're proud of our track record of execution and as we enter 2016, we look forward to capitalizing on the momentum that we have built over this past year. Despite a level of global economic ambiguity, we remain encouraged with the opportunities before us. The fundamentals driving our core U.S.-based repair and remodel business, which I'll remind you represents approximately 80% of our sales, are strong. Interest rates remain at historically low levels, which support home affordability. Demographic trends are increasingly favorable, which drive household formations. Home prices are appreciating, boosting consumers' confidence to invest in their homes. U.S. residential housing stock is aging, with the average age of U.S. home 35 years. And housing turnover, which is a leading indicator for our repair and remodel business, has accelerated. Our international businesses have demonstrated that they can perform even in periods of economic volatility as demonstrated by international sales growth of 4% in local currency. We will continue to drive shareholder value by deploying the capital we generate from our strong free cash flows, including investing in organic growth, investing in strategic M&A, continuing opportunistic share buybacks and consistent dividends, and retiring debt. Given our industry-leading positions, robust innovation pipeline and the operational benefits from our Masco Operating System, we remain on track to reach our 2017 EPS target of $1.80 that we set for ourselves back in 2015. With that, I'll now open the call up for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities: Hi. Congratulations on a very strong year and quarter. My first question, I would love your take on just the overall health of the consumer. I'm looking at your results and if I exclude that inventory replenishment on paint, which looks like it had about a 2% impact, it looks like you're growing 8% organically. So, just some color on the consumer and maybe how much of that is share gain.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Hey, Mike, it's John. Good morning. Yeah, thanks. So, yeah, feel really good about the year. In terms of the consumer, we're seeing, generally, pretty good things. As we've seen the year develop, as we highlighted in our comment, we've seen very good growth in our Plumbing business as well as our Window business for the last 5 or 6 quarters in terms of Plumbing, and even better than that, probably in the last 12-or-so quarters with our window business. And now that Joe Gross and the team at Masco Cabinetry have really had the chance to execute on a turnaround plan, we're seeing a very good growth with  particularly, our KraftMaid brand at both retail and the dealer channel. So, we feel really quite strong  good about where the consumer stands right now, if  what we're experiencing in the last several quarters. So, all in all, the consumer seems like they're back and investing in their home.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mike, I think the home price appreciation is helping with that. That's getting the consumer to now be able to connect the dots in terms of investment into their home. And we're also seeing some nice mix up shift in the consumer, with our Plumbing and Window businesses, in particular, really benefiting from a mix shift upwards. And then our KraftMaid business, lastly, with the mix shift there with our combination of new products and increased dealer sales is also helpful. So, all in all, we feel good about the consumer.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities: Thanks. And follow-up, your forecast for the $190 million CapEx in 2016, that's above where you been tracking. Can you give some color on where those investments are?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah, Mike. There's a couple of things there driving that this year. And as you know, typically, when we come on the first year  first quarter of the year with our CapEx guidance, we will refine that as the year progresses. But the couple of things that are driving a little bit north of our traditional 2% of sales are really a couple of three things. One, ERP investment at Milgard; two, we are in the process of expanding a distribution center for Hansgrohe over in Germany; and three, at Delta Faucet, we're making some CapEx investment in their  in a building there to  for their customer experience center. So, those are the three things that really elevated above the difficult 2% of sales.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. And Keith, I just wanted to follow up on  you mentioned that you still feel comfortable with the targets that you laid out at the 2015 Investor Day and I appreciate that update. If we look back to what has changed since then, on the revenue side, obviously, the strong dollar foreign exchange, a bit of a headwind, maybe a little but incremental softness through the retail channel, but margin, commodities, obviously, have been pretty strong. So, trying  in terms of how  the path to get to that $1.80, has your  have your views changed? The $8.3 billion in sales, maybe  that will be a little bit more difficult to get, but obviously stronger margin. What's changed in terms of the path to getting there? If you could give us an update on that, please.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. At first, I'd say were committed to the $1.80 that's not changed and that's what we're focused on, overall shareholder value creation for the entire portfolio. Certainly, as the year unfolded, and we'd expect changes and puts and takes to happen in the forward two years as well. But when we look at it, really, the underlying volume in paint was a little bit lighter than we expected. But on the positive side, Cabinets certainly had a more favorable year than we initially thought we had. Plumbing has also  with record years in both sales and profit from the two big horses in that segment with Delta and Hansgrohe. That was a little bit more favorable than we had thought. So, we're continuously monitoring our progress against the $1.80. There are some puts and takes, but we feel good, and remain committed to that $1.80.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And in terms of share repurchases, John, last year the third quarter was your heaviest share repurchase quarter. That was, of course, during a period when there was also market turmoil. So, you were opportunistic and took advantage of that. With this renewed market turmoil, have you been more active in the share repurchases so far in the first quarter? And so, you guided to a similar dollar figure this year, so would you be willing to increase that based on how the  if the opportunity presents itself? And are there any seasonal cash flow restrictions that might influence how you conduct those share repurchases as well?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah. Nishu. Yeah, you're right. We were a little bit more active in the third quarter of last year, as a matter of fact, the fourth quarter of last year, we pulled back a little bit., So, we pushed about 1.7 million shares in the fourth quarter of last year. In the first quarter, I think, we would have continued to be optimistic. And you're right, we did guide to approximately the same dollar value of share repurchases in 2016 as we had in 2015. Here  in this part of the year, we have done some share repurchases, though we're a little bit constrained in the blackout period as to what we could buy, but we were active in the market as we saw the share price decline a little bit here in the first part of the year. And I would continue to expect us to be opportunistic, as we look at when and how we buy the shares back, but  and to part of your question about seasonal constraints, just given the $1.7 billion liquidity we have on the balance sheet, there are  that was the seasonal aspect of our business, really does not impact the pace or the in which we did buy our shares back.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning. It's actually Alex Wong (26:04) sitting in for George. Thanks for taking the question, and congratulations on the year. If we just look at margins for a second, plumbing and paint showed really nice margin expansion in the quarter. Are there any one-time items that benefited that, and how should we think about it on a go-forward basis? It sounded, John, that a lot of it was cost control and productivity, but if you can provide a little more granularity there?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah. No, Alex (26:32), you're right. Good margins across the board in the  across all the segments in the fourth quarter, except for the Other Specialty, and I'll talk about that in a minute. As you look across each of the segments, Cabinetry, obviously, a little bit of volume growth, better mix as well as productivity improvements, because of the ERP implementation last year really drove us to a great 7.5% operating margin in the fourth quarter. And our Plumbing business, really, it's more productivity improvement there, and some of the mix shift that we saw, as Delta saw some favorable mix. We did experience a little bit of negative mix in  at Hansgrohe during the quarter. And it's our at BrassCraft unit as well, our rough plumbing business. And I would also highlight the fact that in Plumbing, we saw some very good volume. We do estimate that we probably saw $15 million to$ 20 million of pull forward from Q1 into Q4 as a couple of our customers strive to hit higher rebate years in the quarter. And then in Decorative Architectural products, yeah, that probably did  the team at BEHR and at Liberty did a great job as  both productivity improvement, as they continue to work on the Kaizen engine that we're trying to establish in our businesses, and also some nice volume increases, particularly, at Liberty.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks for that. And just as a follow up, appreciate the color on the mid-single-digit gallon growth in paints when adjusting for the inventory replenishment timing. But would it be possible to provide some granularity around PRO in terms of the growth rate maybe in the quarter or 2015, just to help us frame what the growth rate was like for that? And what's your outlook for 2016 on PRO?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: PRO is going very well for us, and we would continue to expect in 2016 a similar trajectory than  as we saw in 2015, which is high double-digit growth rate in that segment. We're really, really happy with that, and that comes as a combination of investment both in terms of product as well as customer experience. And we're very tightly linked with our channel partner. And I think that shows the power of having that outstanding channel partner and working together specifically on this initiative. So, the PRO is going very well for us, and we continue that  to expect that to continue. We highlighted a little bit on the call about the investment that we're making in PRO SuperCenters, which is basically  it gives us the capability to do high-speed tenting and jobsite deliveries to large PRO customers. And we're seeing a very powerful impact with that.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning, Keith, and John. My first question is for Keith. You mentioned the global ambiguity that's out there, and this is probably the biggest question on all of our minds, at least, but I guess the bigger debate is whether that is also in the minds of the consumer. So can you maybe just elaborate a bit more on what you've seen so far this year? And just big picture, how you think about the health of the consumer today? Any luck to the housing positives, which we would concur with  by at what point is that backward-looking, and do you start to worry about the filter-through effect at all?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm not really  that's not one of the things that keep me up in terms of the  at night in terms of the health of the consumer. We're seeing really strong traffic in our showrooms, in particular. And as I mentioned, Dennis, in Plumbing, for example, the mix trade up in the success of our showroom brands and our Brizo brand and our Hansgrohe brand, which all tends to be at the higher end of the continuum with regards to price, is very solid. So that combination of traffic and the willingness to spend and we  we're continuing to see that, gives me confidence in the health of the consumer. As well as the overall macroeconomic indicators that we look at around jobs and home price appreciation, and some of those other things that we talked about. In terms of the international ambiguity and some of the risk there, we have a very strong business in Hansgrohe. We sell to some 135 countries, and I think with their 2015 4% growth demonstration of their capabilities, that tells me that we figured out how to maneuver through this ambiguity. So, all in all, clearly, there's some international issues that we're faced with. Hansgrohe is well-positioned to address them in terms of how that affects the customer in our core repair and remodeling business, which is 80% of our demand drivers. I feel good about it.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah, Dennis, let me just add there a little bit. As we exited 2014 and interest rates started to pick up, we saw a little bit of a pullback in refinancing activity in consumers. Now that the tenured treasury's dropped and mortgage interest rates are now at three-year or four-year lows, we expect increasing levels of refinancing activity, which generally has been a leading indicator for repair and remodel activity, which again drives north of 80% of our volume.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: Got it. And so, if you stay here today and you sort of set aside the pressure in the shares and the stock market overall, doesn't sound like you'd feel any differently or less confident about any of your businesses than you would have, let's say, two months or three months ago?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, that's a true statement. When we think about 2016, we really view 2016 versus 2015 very similar to how we saw 2015 versus 2014, so a continuation of that trend with R&R right at about 5%. We think we'll see new construction come in right at about 10% growth slower down in the growth  slowing down of the growth rate in multi-family and a little bit of an acceleration of the growth rate in the single family. And as we talked about  on the R&R side, with home price appreciation, good housing turnover and demographics that, that millennial group is aging. The average age from 25 to 29 is when they're clearly going to start having children, and that bodes well for new household formations, which at 1.7 million is a strong number. We feel good about the year going forward.
Dennis Patrick McGill - Zelman Partners LLC: We agree with you. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Congratulations, Keith and John. Quick question on Cabinets. Keith, if you wouldn't mind delving in a bit more about how the quarter shaped up and what drove the beat from the dealer perspective and the retail perspective? And then your performance  I mean, you're already into  with this quarter, you're already at 7.5% op margin. You're long term target was 7% to 10%, so is it time to reset the bar for that? How are you all looking at that? And if it is time to reset the bar, what do you think is achievable by the time we get into the end of 2017?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think I'll talk in generalities at first here a little bit, and maybe get into a little specifics about what we're thinking about in terms of carryover, particularly, on the cost side. But in terms of generalities, the KraftMaid business, particularly, in the dealer market has got some very nice traction. We're growing nicely in the dealers, the value of the Vantage product offering that were launched is significant, and that there- that volume is a mix help for us. So, we're seeing some favorable mix in Cabinets. Clearly, we've done a good job of cost takeouts. We had, as you recall, some significant issues around an ERP implementation in 2014. We've put that behind us, and the team is really locked and loaded in on a pipeline of further cost reductions, so we're continuing to drive it. But admittedly, the year-over-year cost takeouts will not be as strong as they were when we look at 2016 versus 2015, as they were 2015 versus 2014. The better you get, the harder it is to get better. We took a lot of that cost issues out of the ERP systems, but we're going to continue to work on it. So, going forward, more specifically, you can think about approximately a $15 million carryover of cost improvements that we would have in that business, and then if you layer in the kind of growth rates that we talked about with R&R at about 5%, new construction at about 10% and the mix of our business in those two demand drivers. Think about around a 30% to 35% drop down in that incremental volume and I think that gets you right into where we're thinking about that segment for 2016.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Okay. That's great. And how you look at long term, maybe more generally on that 7% to 10% type of range?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, That's certainly not the ceiling for us, and we're going to continue to drive that higher. We're focused  we're continuing to focus on cost outs, because, obviously, we never believe we're all the way there. We're going to continue to drive that continuous improvement, culture and mindset, but it's really about growth, and we're driving growth and profitable growth with good mix in that dealer channel, specifically.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Okay.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah, some of the new construction momentum that we talked about is at the 10%. In general, some of that will be abated as we continue to prune and focus on builder direct business, where we can really bring a value add and where we can get paid for. So that growth will be a little bit muted on the cap side.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Right. I got you. And then second question, just quickly, I didn't hear anything on the paint side about raw material benefits, what you're seeing there. And then as you look at cash usage, you laid it out pretty good for next year, how do you think about that longer-term, John, and where does the allocation go, call it, over the next, two years to three years?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Sure, Stephen. So in terms of price commodities, we did have a little bit of a benefit there into 2015. We probably experienced the low to mid-single-digit deflation in the year 2015. That said, as you probably have heard there have been a number of suppliers that have recently announced price increases later in 2016. So, it's not really clear whether those will stick or not, but those are hanging out there over our head right now. In terms of the second part of your question on capital allocation, you're right. We feel pretty good about where we're going to go here in 2016. Longer term and beyond that, obviously, we're looking at opportunistic acquisitions. And you can never really predict the timing of those, but with Amit onboard, and clearly trying to fill up the acquisition funnel. We've got a fair amount of activity generated towards that, but at the same time, looking at our share repurchases and making sure that we're doing the right thing for our shareholders by returning capital to them. And then, obviously, we'll take down some debt later this year with that maturity in October. We feel like we've got a good path forward, how we're going to allocate our capital. And it's all really going to be dependent upon the timing of some of these acquisitions that we're looking at.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. In the Cabinet business, it was helpful to see your guidance on how the profit growth might perform from here. In terms of the market share growth, you talked about the progress you're making with KraftMaid and the progress with the market share in total. Can you just talk about or frame your expectations of how the Cabinet business might grow relative to the cabinet market in 2016?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're really thinking about it, consistent with the market growth. We've had some nice retail growth this past year. We believe we're growing in the  and taking share in the dealer growth as well. That gets to be a little more difficult to peg the market size and the dealer market because of the fragmentation, but I would think about our growth rates being fairly consistent with the pace of the overall market.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: And the cabinet market, you're assuming grows in line with the R&R new construction market, is that what the assumption is that this point?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, that's right, about 5% on the R&R side and then about 10% on new construction side.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: And then secondly, in the paint business, better growth, better underlying growth it sounds like in the fourth quarter and quite favorable raw materials into 2016. Can you talk about the volume and margin expectations in that business from a bigger picture perspective, what we should be thinking about?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We really haven't changed our outlook on the longer-term margin in this segment of right there at about 18%. That's what we talked about on our Investor Day, and that's where we continue to think about it. We're committed to investing for growth in this, not only in terms of products and customer experience in retail, but of course, to continue to invest in our PRO business. So, I think long-term, thinking about this segment at 18% is a good way to think about it.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Nice way to think finish the year on a high note. I wanted to ask if 2015 was about getting Cabinets back to profitability and spinning off Installation? Both pretty impressive things to accomplish. What's 2016 going to look like?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Really, we're focused on implementing our Masco operating system and driving growth to outperform our markets across all of our segments. And then, to carefully use our capital to drive shareholder value. We've earmarked in the range of $500 million for acquisitions. Our plan is to be very careful with that and to look for bolt-ons, particularly in our Plumbing and Coatings businesses. We're committed to paying down debt. We're certainly committed to continuing returning cash to shareholders in dividends and our share buybacks. So, I think when I'm thinking about 2016, it's about deploying our Masco Operating System and outgrowing the market and being good stewards of our capital to drive value.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Cool. So, it's kind of like more of the same with improved profitability. And maybe, a question for John. How should we be thinking about free cash flow growth in 2016? Like, it's pretty clear that you guys are going to grow in line with the R&R market or slightly better hopefully, and you're raising your CapEx. And I was hoping to  is free cash flow going to grow this year in light of the bigger CapEx or will EBITDA growth outpace it? Any guidance there would be helpful.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah, Bob, just given the strength of our contribution margins, that run generally around 30% of incremental volume, and some of the improvements we're seeing across our business, I would expect that cash flow or  operating profit growth would run ahead of the CapEx investment  the increased CapEx that we're forecasting at this stage of the year. So, I would overall expect free cash flow growth as we go from 2015 to 2016. The end markets are looking good, we're feeling good about the productivity improvements and the efficiencies in our business, so right now  feel good about that right now.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: If I can just sneak one more in, what are the competitive dynamics? You guys have been very focused on expanding volume gallon growth in paint. And what are you just seeing from competitive response in the marketplace? You obviously dominate Home Depot with BEHR. What are you seeing out of Lowe's? What are you seeing across other competitors that have retail? How's that shaping up as we head into 2016? Thanks very much.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd say probably the most meaningful competitive dynamic in paint was an increase in advertising that we saw in our competition last year as they launched some of their new product lines. We did not have any significant Q4 promotions. We did in July, and then Labor Day we had some very productive promotions for us. But by and large, we stayed to our plan with our channel partner, but we did see some increased promotions in the competition. Outside of that, it's a tough category, it's a tough market, but I would say the competitive dynamics are fairly stable.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Good luck. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks. Kind of building on Bob's question, do you anticipate, particularly with some of the raw material declines, that paint could become more competitive on a price basis as we go through 2016? And this is not specifically big box but looking at the other channels where consumers can buy paint.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Keith, it really, I think, depends on where some of the price increases, the input cost increases, that announced. And I think what we're seeing in the marketplace now, we're seeing good sell-through on our product line, our paint products, in the retail channel. We're seeing very good growth, obviously, in the PRO business coming off of an admittedly low base. So, we feel really good. Well, is the industry getting more competitive? No. I mean I think we were up against some large, tough competitors, but I think where we're at, with four or five main competitors in the industry, I don't think the competitive dynamic changed all that dramatically.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. It's Mike Rehaut. Good morning and congrats on the quarter. First question, I guess I wanted to go back to the $1.80 goal on 2017 EPS. And clearly, there's a path there. That path would really require some good acceleration on the top line. And, of course, this year has been negatively impacted by FX. But still, even without that, I think across most of your segments, does require a good, at least, mid-single digit type of growth rate, if not stronger. So, just wanted to get your sense of segment-by-segment, how you're seeing things progress in terms of executing some of those growth strategies. And obviously at the Analyst Day, you laid out multiple paths, a detailed type of a goal in segment-by-segment. So maybe if it's possible, just to give some highlights in terms of perhaps how some of those opportunities are progressing segment-by-segment. Any additional detail there would be great.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Mike. In Paint, I've talked a little bit about it already on the call. The overall market was a little bit softer in DIY than we had planned, but we believe we're outgrowing that market and driving gallon growth. At the Analyst Day, we had our growth rate backend-loaded as we anticipated the ramping up of our PRO initiative to take some time. We're actually doing better in PRO than we thought. So, we anticipate continued ramp-up and feel good about how the last couple of years towards that goal in 2017 are going to roll in Paint. In terms of Cabinets, we've talked about that as well. That has exceeded our expectations. The team not only did a great job last year of ripping the cost out that we put in to protect the customer due to that ERP issue, but we also are now getting more productive. And we've put in a new finishing system, so our quality there is what I would consider best-in-class when you look at the quality coming out of that flat finishing line. We have new products that we're launching. The products that we have already launched are taking off. So, Cabinets are a real positive story and we're looking forward to profitably growing that business, particularly in the dealer channel. In Plumbing, again, a very good story. We're seeing nice mix shift. We also have very strong performance out of Delta with a record year, and that's saying something for a company that's been as successful as Delta has been. And Hansgrohe also had a record year, another very successful company with an outstanding leadership team in place there. So, we're clearly ahead of where we thought we would be. So, that's on the plus side as we think about moving out and going into 2017. From a Windows perspective, we're continuing to grow and outpace the market and gain share. We have our Texas plant that's coming up nicely. The new ERP system so far is going very well. We've already implemented several components of that without a hiccup, so we feel good about that. And that's an outstanding value proposition with that  Milgard value proposition out there, that has driven their share performance. So from a Plumbing, Cabinets, Paint perspective, while we talked about some puts and takes in terms of some stuff that's running hotter than we thought and stuff that's a little cooler than we thought, on balance we feel good and remain committed to the $1.80.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's a great review, Keith. I appreciate that. Very helpful. And I guess just my second question goes back to maybe pushing you a little bit on Plumbing. You've reiterated an idea around the 18% long-term margin target and you ended 2015 at 20%. Is there anything specific that would, let's say, drive the results back from 20% to 18% in 2016 in terms of some incremental investment or higher advertising? Because if you recall, I think some of that was what impacted the group in 2014 or into 2015, if I remember right. Or is there negative mix or is the incrementals a little bit worse than we're thinking? I Appreciate the 18% long-term guidance, but is there anything specific that's going to drive a 200 basis point reversal in 2016?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Mike, it's John. A couple things that we talked about earlier. One, there are some price increases hanging out over the industry in terms of some of the input costs. The other thing, as we've talked about in the past, is PRO business that we're growing and growing quite rapidly is a negative mix impact on the overall segment. But that does not come at the same margin that our core DIY business comes at. And so, that would be a little bit of it. And the third thing that you mentioned it in kind of your remarks is we continue to invest to grow this business. This is something that we want to do. Our goal in conjunction with our channel partners at Home Depot is to drive gallon growth, and that's what we're committed to with them, that's what we're focused on with them, and that's where we're putting our investments in this segment. And so, we're looking forward to having future good years but it's all about the top line movement on this segment.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. I Appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks. Keith, I wanted to go back to a response you had to, I think, Steve East's earlier question around Cabinets and $15 million carryover from the cost improvements, plus just the general leverage in the business. And so, if I wanted to push on that a little, because our understanding was a lot of the progress this year was somewhat organic in terms of mix improvement and some leverage and then some of the initiatives that may have been underway prior to the Analyst Day when Joe had outlined the $50 million in cost take-outs. So, I guess, understand wanting to play it a little slow since it's still early on in the turnaround, but if the team's work isn't done, shouldn't you see more improvement in 2016 than just the carryover effect from the 2015 initiatives?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're continuing to drive cost take-outs and revenue gains in this business. If you look at 2015 and the pace of the cost-outs that we did, that was the thing that really was a positive versus our expectations  was the speed that that team was able to take these costs out. So when you look at where they came out, a lion's share of these cost-outs came out early in the year as we were making these improvements. So, the $15 million, certainly we're going to drive to try to get everything we can in terms of the cost take-outs. But we're also investing in this business and balancing it with growth investments around new products, around some pricing and some advertising and programs that we're running. So, I think thinking about the $15 million carryover plus the 30% to 35% dropdown in incremental volume, and think about that volume increment pretty consistent with the market, I think that's a good place to be.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it, okay. And then, John, I think you made a comment on the Plumbing, that there was $15 million to $20 million pull-forward in sales in the fourth quarter. So just curious if you could give us a sense of how to think about that from a profit standpoint as it'll impact the first quarter of this year. Since it was coming against a higher rebate level, should we think about that as maybe less of a hit to the 1Q profits than normal, or just any color you can give there?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah, I'd say, Mike, I'm on about a 25% drop through on those, that pull-forward sales.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, thank you.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, thanks very much, guys. Congratulations on a good quarter. First question was about your comments on mix shift. I think that I heard you specifically call out the faucets, but I was curious as to whether you could expand a little bit on what you're seeing with respect to mix shift, particularly along a few vectors: one is across segments, was it more broad-based than just the faucets; two, was it primarily driven by new product introduction, is that primarily where you saw it, or were you actually seeing something more sort of organic across all your products whether they were newly introduced or not; and then thirdly, whether it's just a comment that you're seeing shifting to sort of higher end or if across this price spectrum you're seeing people willing to invest a little bit more for something a little better?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yes, Stephen, it's John. I'll give you a couple of comments on some, then I'll turn over to Keith for some comments as well. In terms of, let's say, the Window business for instance, we have seen a nice mix shift in our Window business for the last probably seven quarters or eight quarters as consumers have moved up the price continuum to either a high-end vinyl or our fiber glass window product at Milgard. And it's been a continued focus of the teams, but the consumers are driving that, and that's why you're seeing nearly double-digit growth in that segment for the last 12 quarters or so. So really, really strong growth, partially impacted by mix. So then, we launched that Essence product about three years ago, and so that's driving it. And then, I'd say if you look at our Paint segment as well, we launched BEHR MARQUEE Interior Paint this year and we didn't see  well, let's say, a $45 a gallon or so price point for us at retail, our highest retail price point, we have seen some nice mix shift up. So, that is a new product introduction that is driving some of that mix benefit that we're seeing. And I'll let Keith talk about both Plumbing and Cabinetry.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Steve, I would say that the mix shift we're seeing is more broad-based. It's certainly not just constrained to one segment. Our spa business for example, that is an extremely discretionary, high-dollar ticket item, and we continue to do very well in that business with a record year. So, that's significant. In our windows business with the Essence product line, we're seeing that shift to that higher-end product very clearly. On the Plumbing side, some of our most successful product lines are those that we sell in the showrooms, in the high end. We've talked about Brizo, Hansgrohe, and then our showroom-based products in Delta. And if you look at the  just an anecdotal view, as I was out at the Builders' Show and the Kitchen & Bath Show in Vegas, the most exciting part of the booths where we got the most traffic were in those higher-end items. So, it's broad-based. MARQUEE in paint. So, I see it as a general trend in terms of driving the upgrades. Clearly, a part of that, we're enjoying due to new product introductions. The KraftMaid Vantage line has got a quite impressive penetration in our dealer segments, and it's very helpful as we present it to new dealers that we sign up. So, between driving share of wallet in our existing dealer base, to helping us have a solid value proposition to new dealers, it's very helpful. So, product plays a fundamental component. As does channel focus, getting deeper and deeper relationships on our existing dealers, both in the Plumbing segment as well as in Cabinets, it's very helpful. Understanding how our channel makes money in this higher-end and helping drive them in that direction. We're seeing that in our plumbing wholesalers in particular. So, it's broad-based. It certainly is driven by new product introductions, but it also has a fundamental component around channel focus and relationships.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Perfect. That's very helpful. Switching gears, I wanted to just ask a general question about the exit from the Cabinet, the builder direct business. My understanding is that this was something that you're still actively servicing the smaller builders in the market but you still represent the majority of the industry. But my understanding was it's sort of the larger builders that you chose to exit from. I guess my question here is what's changed versus, let's say, 10 years or 15 years ago? Because obviously, you're very effective at serving large customers. So, that's really nothing new from Masco. So, I'm curious as to what do you think has changed in the industry and your relationship with the larger builders such that this is business that really just doesn't make sense for a large producer like Masco? Are these larger builders de-specking their product so that it's just not  the value proposition isn't there in Cabinets, or have they become noticeably more aggressive negotiators over the years?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's more on the take-per-unit issue that's driving this to be a very difficult channel to make money in. So you mentioned 15 years ago, I don't know if it was that long ago, but if you go back to where the average home had, say, 18 boxes in it, they were 42-inch uppers, so big cabinets with solid wood, glazed, a ton of content and quite a significant amount of boxes. And then now, you move forward to where in some of the market, not all, but in some of the market, you're down to in the 13 boxes per unit to 14 boxes per unit, flat panel, low, very de-contented finishing levels, and de-contented hardware, that sort of thing. So, your take-per-unit is significantly clipped in some of these customers but you still have the cost of that last mile of delivery, you still have to manage the installation and manage the punch out and all the other issues that go with keeping customers happy in this segment. So, I would say the main driver on it really was the change in the type of product that was being delivered and our ability to make money given the, by and large, fixed cost nature of that last mile install and punch-out. And it's not just the large builders. It's not strictly large builders. What we're really looking for is builders that value our brand, builders that value our excellent service and then partnering up with them. And what we're finding is that there's good business out there for us to have but there's some business that's not productive for us to have, and that's our approach.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel from FBR. Please go ahead
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Thank you. John, nice quarter. Keith, nice quarter. Just one quick clarification. Does the $1.80 view in 2017 include any incremental future share repurchases?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah, so, yes, Alex, good question. So, there's a couple of assumptions underlying the $1.80. One was constant currency kind of as of the date of the Analyst Day in May 2015. And the other was the assumption that we completed the 50 million share authorization that was announced on September 30, 2014 by the end of 2017.
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Perfect. Thank you. Nice quarter.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yup. Thanks, Alex.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Tasi - Director-Investor Relations Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP
Analysts: Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc. Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC William Wong - JPMorgan Securities LLC Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Third Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. My name is Carol, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Irene Tasi. Irene, you may begin.
Irene Tasi - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Carol, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2015 third quarter conference call. Joining me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for analyst questions. As a reminder, we would appreciate it if you would limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we are unable to take your questions during the call, please feel free to contact me directly at 313-792-5500. Statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We have described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. I'd like to remind you that the results we will review today exclude our Installation Services segment reflecting our spin-off of TopBuild Corp, the business comprising that segment, on June 30. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Any references to operating profit, earnings per share, or cash flow on today's call is adjusted unless otherwise noted, with a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our quarterly press release and presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide 4. With three quarters behind us, I'm pleased with our financial and operational performance in 2015. Our brands continue to drive underlying top-line growth, and we are executing well against an improving macro environment. Our focus on execution resulted in outstanding margin expansion and further positioned our businesses for growth in 2016. Excluding the impact of currency, which cost us $66 million in the quarter, our top line increased 4%. Notably, our operating margin increased 190 basis points to 14%, the best third quarter margin that we have had since 2007. This reflects our continued strong operating leverage as well as our discipline around cost control. Compared to the third quarter of last year, we achieved 26% growth in earnings per share to $0.34 per common share. I'd like to now provide you with some additional insight into the drivers behind each of our segment's performance. Let's begin with Cabinetry. This business once again exceeded our expectations and continues to write an impressive turnaround story. KraftMaid reaffirmed its leadership position and grew in both the retail and dealer channels. KraftMaid led category sales at big box retailers and had top-line growth of 9% at dealers as consumers moved up the price continuum with KraftMaid Vantage. Offsetting this top-line growth was our deliberate exit of low-margin builder business. This is an important element of the turnaround plan and lays a stronger foundation for the business to profitably grow in 2016. Given Cabinetry's performance against their turnaround plan, we now expect this segment will achieve operating profit of approximately $40 million in 2015. I'm proud of our accomplishments in this business and the important momentum we have established for Cabinetry going into 2016. Our portfolio of plumbing businesses continued their strong execution and grew sales in North America by 8% when you exclude the impact of Canadian currency, and grew internationally by 4% in local currency. Sales were particularly strong in the trade channel as our high-end Brizo and Hansgrohe product line continue to resonate with consumers seeking to trade up to higher price points. On the retail side, our industry-leading innovations such as Touch2O Technology and in2ition with H2Okinetic Technology continue to drive foot traffic to our channel partners and further solidify Delta's number one share of shelf position at retail. In addition to our strong financial results, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency recognized our Delta Faucet Company as a 2015 WaterSense Sustained Excellence Award Winner. This award is the highest partner recognition that the EPA grants and demonstrates Delta's commitment to protecting the environment and to introducing relevant and valuable innovation. In our Paint business, despite softness in overall architectural coating demand, Behr's MARQUEE and PRO product lines drove low to mid-single-digit gallon growth in the quarter. This growth was masked by a combination of higher promotional spend, as we discussed on last quarter's call, and the impact of currency on Canadian sales. Together with the Home Depot, we plan to grow our leadership position in the architectural coatings market by leveraging Behr's industry-leading customer satisfaction as ranked by J.D. Powers, as well as our industry-leading quality as ranked by Consumer Reports for both interior and exterior paints as well as exterior stains. Additionally, in the Decorative Architectural segment, Liberty Hardware was awarded the Home Depot's 2015 Marketing Innovation of the Year Award, recognizing Liberty's leadership in developing effective and creative social media campaigns. In our Other Specialty Products segment, Milgard Windows, the leading window brand in the Western United States, had another great quarter. Milgard had low-double-digit sales growth as they drove growth across all channels and consistently executed against the dynamic economic environment. The low-double-digit growth of their innovative new products including the Essence window and door line and Moving Glass Wall systems contributed to Milgard's market share gains and improved mix in the quarter. From a capital allocation perspective, we accelerated our share repurchase activity in the quarter and bought back approximately 7.6 million shares. In the last 12 months, we have repurchased over 20 million shares returning $0.5 billion to shareholders, and thus delivering on our commitment to drive shareholder value. Now, I would like to turn the call over to John who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail. John?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Irene mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance excluding the impacts of rationalization and other one-time charges. We continued our favorable momentum coming out of the second quarter and drove strong profitability across all segments. I'm pleased to report the third quarter was our 16th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and profit growth. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, sales increased 4%. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted our sales in the third quarter by approximately $66 million, principally due to a weaker euro compared to the U.S. dollar. North American sales were up 3% for the quarter. We experienced growing demand for our repair and remodeling products including our small ticket paint, plumbing, and builders' hardware products as well as our big ticket kitchen and window products. As a reminder, repair / remodel activity now represents approximately 82% of our total sales. International sales increased 4% in local currency in the quarter driven by the continued strength of our International plumbing and window businesses. And our discipline around cost control continues to payoff contributed to our strong bottom line performance as operating income increased 16% in the quarter to $257 million, with operating margins expanding 190 basis points to 14%. The effect of currency negatively impacted operating income by approximately $10 million in the quarter. And our EPS was $0.34, an improvement of $0.07 or 26% compared to the third quarter of last year. Please turn to slide 7. The strength of the U.S. dollar once again masked the continued strong performance in our Plumbing segment. Excluding the $57 million impact of foreign currency translation, sales increased 6% driven by growth in faucets, spas, and new program wins in rough plumbing. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation related to the Canadian dollar, our North American sales grew 8% as we experienced strong growth in both the trade and retail channels in the quarter. Our Delta Focus product line and our Brizo brand continue to drive consumer demand for our innovative new products in the showrooms. The growth at Watkins, our leading spa business was primarily due to the strength of our Caldera and HotSprings brand, as well as our acquisition of Endless Pools. And new program wins in the rough plumbing aisle and retail drove increased sales at BrassCraft. Our European businesses continue to outperform, delivering 4% growth in local currency. Hansgrohe was driven by the growth in the trade channel, as well as the strength of its brand, design and innovation. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation and the unfavorable impact of our commodity hedge, operating profit increased 9% in the quarter. Please turn to slide 8. In the Decorative Architectural segment, the continued growth of Behr Pro and our Behr MARQUEE interior products resulted in low to mid-single digit gallon growth in the third quarter. Sales increased 1% in the quarter due to the timing and amount of incremental promotional expense, and the $3 million impact of Canadian dollar currency translation. We see opportunities to grow this business by investing behind it in the four key areas. Number one, promotions; number two, program resets where we invest in merchandising to support our new business wins and increase consumer awareness of our products; number three, advertising, which strengthens our brands and drives foot traffic to our channel partners; number four, the Behr Pro business where we partner with the Home Depot to realize our mutual goal of gallon growth. As we foreshadowed on our last earnings call, this incremental investment impacts this segment's third quarter results by approximately $25 million. Please turn to slide 9. In the Cabinets segment, we experienced strong retail sales. Additionally, our dealer exclusive KraftMaid Vantage program continues its strong performance in the dealer channel, enjoying both volume and favorable mix. As a result, KraftMaid's dealer sales grew 9% in the quarter. This favorability was more than offset by the deliberate exit of low-margin builder business, as total sales in the segment decreased 5% in the quarter. Segment profitability in the third quarter improved $26 million over the prior year. This was driven by continued growth of our higher price point semi-custom KraftMaid offering, the reduction of last year's incremental spend on ERP inefficiencies and the benefits associated with other cost savings initiatives. As Keith mentioned earlier, the cabinet team is focused on driving their turnaround plan in 2015 as they continue to introduce new products at retail and dealers and improve the execution in our Merillat business. We now believe we will deliver operating profit of approximately $40 million in 2015. Please turn to slide 10. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, our Other Specialty Products segment sales increased 11%, driven by low-double-digit sales growth in our North American window business. This growth was driven by volume increases, the continued benefit of favorable mix shift towards our premium window and door product lines. Excluding the negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, our European window sales increased 9% due to market share gains and the successful acquisition we announced in the second quarter of Evolution Manufacturing, a leading full-service window solutions provider in the UK. This segment's operating profit growth of 15% in the quarter is principally attributable to increased volume. Turning to slide 11. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.5 billion of balance sheet liquidity. We delivered another strong quarter of working capital performance, as working capital as a percent of sales improved 50 basis points versus the prior year to 13.1%. We continue to take initiatives to unlock shareholder value. As Keith mentioned earlier, during the third quarter, we repurchased 7.6 million shares, or approximately 2% of our common stock. And we remained well positioned to retire $300 million to $500 million of debt next year. So, with that, I'll turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, John. Our strategies is to drive shareholder value are working. Our results year-to-date reflect the strength of our powerful brands and the focus on operational excellence. We continue to invest behind our brands, grow our innovation pipelines, position our businesses for greater growth in 2016. We expect that repair and remodel demand will continue to grow at a steady pace, while new home construction will accelerate the fourth quarter. We remain confident in our ability to navigate this dynamic macroeconomic environment and execute against the things that we can control: our brands, our innovation and our operational excellence. With that, I'd like to now open the call up for questions, and back to you, Carol.
Operator: Thank you. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. Our first question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: Hey. Good morning. Thank you, guys. John, I was just hoping you could maybe talk to the cadence a little bit of the promotional spend within Decorative Architectural as we think about the fourth quarter knowing there's some volatility there throughout the year, and how we should maybe think about that and balancing that against the raw material environment as well?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Sure, Dennis. As we talked about in the second quarter call, you may recall the fact that this year was an unusual year for us because typically, the 4th of July promotion that we run in the Decorative Architectural segment spans both the end of the second quarter and the beginning of the third quarter. And just the way that the timing fell this year, we experienced all that promotional expense in the third quarter this year. So, there's a little bit of a benefit to the second quarter due to the lack of that promotional spend. And now it penalizes the third quarter because of the timing of that. As we go forward into the fourth quarter, we don't expect a significant incremental promotional expense, largely because we incur promotional expense around four major holidays through the course of the year. One is the spring Black Friday event, the second is Memorial Day, the third is 4th of July, and the fourth is Labor Day. So, that's where we're promoting our products. (18:24) fourth quarter should be relatively muted. The second part of your question relates to the commodities that we're facing, and clearly, we've seen modest commodity price deflation in the quarter. But that said, we took some of the benefit of that and reinvested in promotions in our Behr Pro business during the quarter. So, we feel really good. While we're seeing some benefits, we're reinvesting back in the business to grow the gallons that both we and our partner, our channel partner Home Depot, desire.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. That's helpful, John. And then  and I guess kind of a similar question on the Plumbing side. Taking a hit on the hedge in this quarter would suggest that you've got some benefits coming in the forward quarters. Can you maybe just review how you're thinking about the price versus commodity relationship there?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah. As you know, both copper and zinc have come down pretty significantly during the course of the year. And up until the third quarter, the impact of the hedge on a quarterly basis  and just to maybe recalibrate everyone, we have to mark to market our hedge positions on a quarterly basis because we do not get a hedge accounting. And so, to your point, as we go forward, because we mark to market, if there's no further movement in the price of copper or zinc, there should be relatively little impact to our financial statements in any future periods.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. Thank you, guys.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Just there's been a lot of fears in this sector of slowdown in the other parts of economy affecting the kind of businesses you're in and your peer companies. Can you give us any sort of feel on your overall pace of business through September and October? Have you seen any kind of rate change, positive or negative, to the orders coming in?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It really has been pretty steady for us. This is Keith. Good morning. Our R&R demand has been chugging along right at about 4% to 5% in terms of the overall market demand, and we're seeing that consistent across the regions of the country. As you'll recall, we have about 82% of our demand driven by repair and remodeling. So, it's nice and steady for us. I think as home prices appreciate and consumer confidence continues to be strong, and you overlay that with deferred investments that we've seen in R&R over the past couple of years, it's shaping up nicely for us. So, it's been steady. And when you compare that to how our more R&R-driven business have performed with our plumbing business in North America up 8%, Milgard Window up double digits, KraftMaid (21:08) dealer which is heavy R&R up 9%, and even our paint while the market was a little soft in the quarter with low double digit, low to mid-double-digit gallon growth in the quarter.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Low- to mid-single digit.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Excuse me. Sorry about that. We feel good about how  not only the market to your question but also how we're performing against that market.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And to go back to the Decorative Architectural division; number one, what role does Liberty Hardware play in the numbers there? Positive or negative? And then on the margins, which were just outstanding, given you had promotional spend, if you kind of list off 1, 2, 3, what helped you out on the margin in that division and (21:52).
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Go ahead, John.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: On the Liberty side, Liberty did have a small impact on the top line, Keith, as we had begun the rollout of a shower door program that we won at one of the major retailers in the third quarter. It's not that completely reset, but they did have an impact on the top line. And so, they did benefit from that. In terms of the second half of your question, which is what benefited the bottom line, I think there's a couple of things that benefits the bottom line, but a couple of things that detracted from the bottom line. Obviously, the increased volume that we experienced in the quarter was a help. We did have a favorable price commodity relationship in the quarter. But offsetting some of that was some of the investments that we made that we discussed, both on my prepared remarks and in the prior question. As we move forward, we feel good about the profitability. And we do think that given the DAP segment that long run you should think about this business as about an 18% margin business.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Armstrong, Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. My first one is on the Cabinet segment. How much did lower lumber and plywood prices during the quarter help margins? And what are you seeing in the overall pricing environment in Cabinets?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: I'll handle the commodity half, I'll let Keith talk about the pricing side. We saw very little impact from lumber or hardwood kind of pretty much offsetting each other in the quarter. We saw a little bit of deflation on one end and a little bit of inflation on the other, but pretty much a muted effect of commodities. So, not much of a tailwind to the bottom line. A lot of that bottom line improvement was purely operationally driven.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd think about pricing overall in the market as stable. Some time ago at the end of Q4 of last year, we tweaked our promotional strategy a little bit, and brought it up to what we believe is on par with the market. That's working well for us. We're seeing good growth as we've mentioned, particularly in the retail space. So, overall, I classify the pricing environment in cabs as pretty stable?
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Perfect. And then in the paint segment, could you talk a bit about the PRO customer? And are you continuing to gain share there, or are you seeing a stabilization?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're gaining share in the PRO. I feel really good about that. That's an initiative that we've aligned very closely with the Home Depot and have a series of work streams that we're driving that really span the whole continuum of product, of how we're promoting it, the training we're doing, and our approach to how we're penetrating markets. So, it's important to us, and we're definitely outgrowing the market in the PRO and intend to continue to do that.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Kim from Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks very much, guys. I just wanted to ask  I guess I'll start of by asking a question about the Cabinets business. You talked about exiting the builder business. Can you remind us when you first  when you start anniversarying that exit? And how much of the profit improvement that we saw in the quarter would you say was related to exiting that business, let's say, if it was generating losses?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Stephen, the exit of the lower-margin builder business was really an initiative that Joe Gross kicked off when we put him in it  as CEO of the business earlier this year. And so, relatively muted impact  less of an impact than in Q2 when he really first came on board. More of an impact obviously here in Q3. So, I would say that we're really in the first quarter of experiencing that  the exit of the lower-margin builder business. And remind me the second part of that question.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Oh, it's just that  is that a business that you were losing money in? I mean, so as we think about exiting that business, are we seeing improvement in profitability in actual profit dollars from exiting that business?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It clearly wasn't as profitable as our base business in Cabinetry. So as we exit that business, Stephen, it's most definitely improving our profitability and the performance of the business. And that's really something that, as Joe and I looked at this business, made the call to really get this business better before we get it bigger. And that's working for us, and we're positioning the business now for further growth as we move into 2016.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. I guess my second question, shifting gears to the Plumbing business. As we look at the FX impact, it looked like if you just sort of took the profit impact divided by the sales impact, it would imply a margin of about 12%. Last quarter was like 19%. I imagine there's probably some adjustments there which complicate that simple calculation. But if you could help us sort of think through that? Was there anything unusual in that figure? We usually think of Hansgrohe as a very profitable business, for example. So, if you could just help us out there?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Excuse me, perhaps I'm not following. You're comparing Q2's international sales to our international profitability  to our Q3's international profitability; is that...?
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Well, I guess what I'm saying is that if we just look at  you mentioned that the  I'm just looking here at your slide, the impact from FX was $7 million on the profit line and impacted sales by $57 million. So that's about a 12%. If you just did a ratio, that's a 12% margin point.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Oh, I see what you mean. Yeah, I'm sorry, I misunderstood the question. Yeah, so what happened there, Stephen, you'll recall that we've got some other businesses in the Plumbing segment in Europe that aren't as profitable as Hansgrohe that do detract from that. And some of that doesn't get all completely impacted because there's some in euros, some in pound as well that didn't move. So, that does impact that calculations slightly.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Got it. All right. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen East from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Keith, generally people have asked you about what's going on in the market. But if you look at each of your businesses one by one, can you talk about what you think the market's growing for each of those, are you picking up share in them? And are you starting to see any mix shift in each of those categories?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Stephen. Let's start with Plumbing. We pegged the overall repair and remodeling market, and that's based to be around 4% to 5% growth, we think. And from a new home construction perspective in the back end, we'll see a little bit of an acceleration to finish out the year at about plus 10%. So, if you average in somewhere around 80% R&R for that segment, you get a good feel for where the growth is. In terms of our performance there, with our North American sales being up currency adjusted 8%, feel good that we're taking share in that space. And particularly, we're doing well in our showroom products and with the results that we're seeing from our new innovations and parts of the product assortment on a higher end. So, we are seeing a definite favorable mix as the consumer moves up. In terms of Plumbing in overseas, our European business is going well. We continue to have a strong business in the UK, and we're growing that business in excess of the market. Over in China, clearly we're continuing to grow, and our brand is very well positioned and feel good that that's  it's one of the, if not, the strongest brands over there in China. So, in terms of Plumbing, right about 4% to 5%, and we're outgrowing it. Milgard Windows, in that space, we've talked about that growth. That tends to be also more R&R driven. So, right  again, around that steady North American rate of around 4% to 5%. And as we talked about with double-digit growth there, good, dynamic business, and continued to grow and gain share. The dealer business and the R&R business associated with Cabinetry, again, we think it's up in that same, steady 4% to 5% range in R&R. New construction is a little bit faster than that. In terms of the mix we're seeing, without a doubt, in the repair and remodeling side we're seeing an uplift in the average ticket in consumers going towards more value-added finishes, and accessories, and that sort of thing, which drives up the ticket. But we're also, by virtue of that fact that new construction is growing at a faster clip that will tend to be a little bit of a damper on the mix. But by and large, good mix there. Paint, as we talked about it, overall, the market, we're seeing as somewhat flat, call it. And so, with our low to mid-single-digit growth rate there, we feel good about outpacing that market. So, overall, feel good about the underlying demand both in terms of repair and remodeling and new construction. And I'm proud of how our businesses have structured their work to outpace that growth.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Okay. That's great. Thank you. I appreciate it. And then if I can combine two little questions. On Cabinets, your business, your builder business had been, I think, about 45% of your business. Where do you see that going over the next year or two? And then on Paint, one of your competitors said in the quarter they saw the home centers have slower demand, and consequently, the home centers also pulled back on ordering late in the quarter to control inventory. Did you all see any of that?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In terms of your first question, Stephen, on the builder side of our Cabinet business, I think it's important to delineate between more of the smaller regional builders, and then the bigger, call it, top 10, top 20 builders. That top 10, top 20 builder business is leaner for us, and we're being very selective and careful about how we drive that business with an eye on profitability. When we look at the bigger chunk of the business, which is more the smaller and the regional business, we think that can be attractive business. The key is having consistent delivery lead times and fill rates. And that's something that we've worked very hard to get back, and now we're working to get the confidence of that customer base back. And we will go after that. So, it's a mixed bag. But certainly, there's business that we want and we're focused on, and we understand the segmentation of it. And there is business that isn't so much attractive to us. In terms of the home center demand in Paint, as I said, we think that the DIY or that section of the paint market is relatively flat, right in that flat range anyway. And with our growth rate, we're happy with how we're performing. With our Color Center that's in place and the promotions that we're doing and the acknowledgment from various third parties about our customer satisfaction and our quality ranking, we feel pretty good about it.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Stephen, just maybe to supplement some of Keith's comments on  especially on the Paint side. You may recall in the September and October timeframe last year we had some unusual order patterns developed where we had very low orders in September but very, very strong orders in October of last year. And so, we did not see the inventory pull back in the third quarter  as you might expect, since we're up against the difficult comp here in the first part of the fourth quarter, we are seeing a little bit of pullback vis--vis our  compared to last year. So  but overall, I think as we get through the kind of the six-month window, I think we should be in just  fine shape.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Just some monthly timing issues. Yeah?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. Your line is open.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Everyone, good morning. Thanks for taking my question and all the details on the call. Congratulations on the quarter. Two questions, one on Cabinets, and then one back to Decorative Arch and Paint. In Cabinets, you mentioned that performance was better than expected. Could you talk a little bit about where the sources of the positive variance were in terms of operation it sounded like relative to your budget or forecast, and why you think that should be sustainable going forward? And back to Paint, certainly your outgrowing the category. You had what would appear to be very good margins. You enumerated four areas where you can sort of drive growth through promotions, resets, advertising, and the PRO line. Do you anticipate having to  maybe not this quarter but next year, given the margins you have in the business, having to reinvest in any one of those areas disproportionately to keep the growth higher than the market and the margins that you've got longer term? Thank you, guys.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: On Cabinets, as we've talked about in the past, George, turnarounds are never any one-shot deal to get it done and they are seldom linear. There's ups and downs to them, and we've seen that. It's a balance between short and long-term initiatives, and a balance between cost out and revenue-up initiatives. So it really wasn't one particular initiative that we drove that got us to this position. We certainly have worked on our costs and our efficiency and our material yields and scrap rates, and have worked very hard to overcome the misstep, frankly, that we had in 2014 with our ERP. So, that was a significant part of it. We have invested in innovation. We have what we believe to be the best finishing system in our KraftMaid line that we recently put in in the last year, and we're getting a lot of good response from that. We've increased on the innovation front with some creative assortment work, particularly with KraftMaid Vantage. And we are segmenting our markets, and we're driving hard particularly in the dealer channel, which is a very attractive and lucrative channel for us. So, it's a mixed bag across the board for us, and that's why we think that this type of performance is sustainable. In fact, we're looking to grow as we move into 2016. Obviously, the seasonality around this business remains, but fundamentally, I like how this business has moved and a year ago, if you would have said, Keith, you could have this business in this position at this time, I'd take it. I think...
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Keith, would it be fair to say that your outlook for 2016, again, there's nothing that is significant in terms of what will drive the year. So, it's not Vantage or the new Merillat. It's again across all these metrics.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that's fair. We're going across the different channels, and we're working with both our powerful brands, Merillat and KraftMaid. And I think thinking about this business in the 30% to 35% incremental is the right way to think about it.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you on that. And in Paints?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In Paint, in terms of where we anticipate reinvesting it's really broadly across all those revenue drivers that John talked about. We've got our Color Center reinvestment behind us, and that's really strong. We're going to continue to drive with promotions and advertising. We're going to look for ways to partner with the Home Depot to drive growth, particularly in the PRO segment in terms of how we train, how we staff stores, the products that we offer, and our supply chain and how we deliver products. So, it's an exciting and dynamic time for us in paint, and we're happy with how we've outperformed the market.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. First, I wanted to ask about the exit of the builder product lines in Cabinet. Kind of take a longer view, the spin of TopBuild obviously dramatically reduced your exposure to new construction, and you continue to pursue that strategy with the exit of these product lines in Cabinet. As you look across your portfolio, I mean, clearly, that's been the right move from a profitability perspective. Is that something you would continue to explore and maybe assess other parts of your builder business and other parts of your portfolio, continue to become more focused on just the remodeling market?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd clarify a little bit Nishu in that we haven't exited builder lines, meaning lines of our cabinets or lines of our product assortment. What we're doing is paying closer attention to a segmentation of the builders we have, particularly in the builder direct part of our business where we handle the last mile delivery, the installation and the punch out. And what we're seeing in some cases the take-per-home is being reduced with the type of mix that's evolved in certain markets with certain builders. And that's just not an affordable proposition for us to manage all the value-added that we do on the backside with regards to delivery, and installation punch-out. So, it's not an exit of builder line so much as it is a segmentation of various types of builders in certain regions, and then through pricing and through other mechanisms moving away from that business and directing our energy to more profitable business. In terms of an overall strategy in our other segments, move away from builders, that's not really the case. We have good value propositions and good supply chains to be able to deliver profitably to most of the segmented builders in our other segments. So, that's not a broad strategy for Masco per se.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. No. That's helpful. And then since your  since this has improved operating margin (41:41) Cabinets, any updated thoughts on the longer-term goal of getting to high-single digits in Cabinets with the exit of the  I'm sorry, with the reshaping of the builder strategy and the products you're providing, would it change your views on what's possible longer term in this business?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Nishu, it's John. No. We don't think it's changing our view longer term. Obviously, we were pleased that we reported 7.5% margins in the segments. So we feel we're well on our way to that high-single digit margin performance that we're seeking. There's a potential for some upside (42:16). It's too early to call. We've had two good quarters so far in this cabinet in a long period of time and we don't want to get ahead of ourselves as to where we think this business can go just yet. So, we need to continue to execute our plan and turn it around, and then we'll talk in future periods about maybe if there's upside to what we've laid out for you.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know, we've got  we've had good success in the cost outs, or we're starting to get traction on the growth side. We're deep into our planning process now and we're continuing, as we look at these plans, to drive both cost and revenue, and we'll continue to update you as we flesh those plans out more.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Good morning. Very nice quarter. I wanted to ask you, last year you guys had a loss of $60 million in the Cabinets, and based on John's guidance, it sounds like you're on track to do $40 million, and a $100 million swing is a big improvement. Just help us think about, in terms of framing, are you through the hard work? Is the ERP system really the big challenge, and now incremental gains are just going to be leveraged to the market recovery, or how do we think about the pace of improvement? Is the low-hanging fruit already clipped and now it's just a market cycle or other things you can do to drive operating income?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think we're through a big chunk of the hard work, Bob. I wouldn't quite characterize it that all the low-hanging fruit is clipped and now we're just a kind of on a market trajectory. But clearly, the better you get, the harder it is to get better, and we're getting better. So, it is going to be tougher to make, and we won't make the kind of dramatic improvements that we've made so far. But having said that, we think we've got a long way to go. We're not  we don't have this business to its full potential. That there are significant areas of growth that we can continue to drive both in terms of the retail, as well as the import and dealer business. So, I think you're dead-on, Bob, in that it's  the big chunks are behind us in terms of the improvement pace, but again, back to that 30%, 35% dropdown margin, and the fact that we have these two powerful brands in KraftMaid and Merillat, I like where we're sitting.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And one for John. It looks like free cash flow is going to be  free cash flow generation is going to be robust next year. And could you just remind us of what you're thinking in terms of capital allocation priorities? Is it debt repayment? Is it M&A? Is it buybacks or dividend? Thanks, and good luck.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah. Thanks, Bob. As we've talked about before, we have a very (45:20) and balanced approach to our capital allocation. So, first and foremost our capital  first priority is to reinvest in the business and grow it. I think many of you know that our CapEx  we're relatively light on the CapEx side compared to some of our competitors. CapEx runs about 2% of sales. So, that's our number one priority. After that, we really do take a balanced approach, and we balance three or four items. The first is dividends. We do pay a dividend, and we increased our dividend as you may know, for this dividend that we're paying here in the fourth quarter of this year, about a 6% or 7% dividend increase. That's following a 20% dividend increase last year. And then after that, we've talked about our share repurchase program which we said would be, on average, between $400 million to $500 million a year, and we're clearly on pace to do that here in 2015. We also balanced that with acquisitions. Again, we've been thinking about smaller acquisitions, more bolt-ons, particularly in our Paint and Plumbing area. We've hired an executive, Amit Bhargava, to really pursue that and build our M&A pipeline and so we're aggressively pursuing that. That's clearly part of our strategy. And then debt repayment is on our radar screen. As many of you may know, we have a $1 billion maturity coming due in October of next year. And we've been talking for several years about taking $300 million to $500 million of that debt down when that maturity comes due. So, a clear and balanced approach. And we'll keep you updated as things change, but we think we've got a good sense of how we're going to spend our cash over the coming year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
William Wong - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. It's actually Will Wong on for Mike. How are you?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good. How are you?
William Wong - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good. Regarding Cabinets, just a quick housekeeping question. Can you just remind us again what the sales impact was from the direct-to-builder exit?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah. We didn't parse it out, specifically, but I think if you do the read-through, Will, sales impact was down approximately $10 million from that line of business based on dealer sales being up 9% and half our business being  the other half of our business being builder-oriented. So, that's a rough number.
William Wong - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. And with regards to raw material costs, can you just talk about what the impact was on the quarter and as well as what you're expecting in 2016, if you're expecting any incremental benefits from lower raw material costs?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Regarding specifically in Cabinetry or...
William Wong - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just across the different segments, the four different segments.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: So, commodities generally have been  we talked a little bit about Plumbing earlier, copper and zinc have come down a little bit and that's reflected itself in our metals hedged impact. At this point, we are not forecasting any further price deflation in commodities next year. We've had a very little impact in our Cabinet business. We are seeing a little bit of price inflation in the windows side on glass. And so we may need to work with our suppliers as well as look at our pricing on windows next year. But it's a little bit too early to determine exactly how we're going to play that as glass prices change in the marketplace.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Over the mid to long term, we tend to be flush when it comes to price commodity. That's how I think about 2016.
William Wong - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then just lastly with regards to Plumbing. Can you just talk about the relationship between sell-in versus sell through, and what you're seeing in both retail and wholesale in terms of inventory?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: When you look at wholesale, there's really two types of wholesalers that we sell to, though, broadly speaking, there is the wholesalers with distribution centers, and wholesalers that we ship directly to their warehouses. And in both cases, we're seeing pretty consistent POS matching our shipments into their chains. So, I would say that on the Plumbing side in wholesale, it's pretty level, pretty level flow through.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Will, maybe to complement some of Keith's comments. We've got very high service levels in our Plumbing businesses. So that doesn't  that means our customers aren't required to hold as much inventory as maybe they are with some other of our competitors. So, we feel really good about the service levels that we provide.
William Wong - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our final question today comes from the line of Megan McGrath from MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC: Good morning. Just wanted to follow-up a little bit on the Paint business. You talked about the market being flattish overall, although you're gaining some share. Any thoughts  could you remind us sort of how that trended, first of all, versus last quarter in terms of the market? And any thoughts as to why the flattening out? Was there any weather impact, maybe where you're seeing strength versus weakness would be helpful. Thanks.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We obviously have our feelers out in both the channels and in the markets, and we do consumer research and have a somewhere of a feel for it. But admittedly, it's tough to tell in terms of the drivers of the relative softness in the space. In Q2, while we didn't see a significant impact to the weather, that was certainly noise that out there in the market, without a doubt. It was a wet summer and that affects the demand. So, I think that could play into it. But overall, when you look at how people have the opportunity to defer paint, it's not that big of a purchase item, we feel good about the underlying demand in 2016.
Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC: Okay. Great. And a quick one on Milgard. You talked, I think, if I remember correctly at your Analyst Day about expanding that business geographically. Could you give us an update there?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We are. We talked about that in Texas. We have a new factory that we're bringing up out there. In fact, I'm on a plane here in a few hours to go out there and visit Milgard and talk about how they're doing. They're doing very well. We talked about their growth rates. We're a new player into Texas. We've been shifting into that from outside of the market. We're new in terms of our factory being on site there. So, there's plenty of headroom for us in terms of share gain and incremental growth for us starting at the small base that we have. Texas is a big market, and we're looking forward to a success there.
Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC: Thanks. And if I could throw one really quick modeling question in there. It sounds like in terms of the Cabinet exit, you're not expecting to  is it fair to say you're not expecting to accelerate that exit from the builders? So, if we sort of use that number, John, that you gave us around $10 million for looking for the next couple of quarters, would that be fair?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah. Megan, I think that's the way to think about it.
Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Tasi - Director, Investor Relations Keith Allman - President and CEO John Sznewajs - Vice President, Treasurer and CFO
Analysts: Mike Dahl - Credit Suisse Susan Maklari - UBS Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Keith Hughes - SunTrust Will Randow - Citigroup Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets Stephen Kim - Barclays George Staphos - BAML Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Stephen East - Evercore ISI Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Second Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. My name is Carol, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Irene Tasi. Irene, you may begin.
Irene Tasi: Thank you, Carol, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2015 second quarter conference call. Joining me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. As a reminder, we would appreciate it if you could limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to call me directly at (313) 792-5500. Statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Id like to remind you that the results we will review today exclude our Installation Services segment, reflecting our spin-off of TopBuild Corp. the business comprising that segment on June 30th. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Any references to operating profit, earnings per share, or cash flow on today's call will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted, with a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our quarterly press release and presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.masco.com. With that, Ill now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman. Keith?
Keith Allman: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Turning to slide four. I am very pleased to review both our second quarter results, as well as our recent accomplishments, which demonstrate the strength of our business execution and the strategies we have in place to drive shareholder value. Once again, all of our segments contributed to topline growth, resulting in North American sales increasing 7% and international sales increasing 5% in local currency. We delivered this growth, while expanding our operating margin to 14.5%, our strongest operating margin in over a decade. Our exceptional operating leverage in the quarter was the result of our disciplined cost management. Additionally, our margin was aided by Cabinetrys accelerated turnaround, favorable price commodity and the timing of promotional expenses. Our results were supplemented by the achievement of some key milestones we set out for ourselves in 2015. Notably, our Cabinetry business accelerated the pace of its turnaround plan and surpassed its 2015 annual operating profit target in the second quarter. The demand for higher ticket repair remodel items continues to improve and we've aligned our Cabinets business to capitalize on this trend. Our KraftMaid brand continued to gain share at retail. While our dealer exclusive KraftMaid Vantage product line drove sales in the dealer channel, clearly resonating with designers and dealer principles. We have also restored Merillat leading -- industry-leading lead-times to position the brand for anticipated higher growth from new construction in the back half of this year. We are extremely proud of the result the team had delivered and we now expect that our Cabinets segment will achieve operating profit of approximately $25 million for 2015. In our Plumbing segment, Delta faucet and our Watkins spa business both broke sales records in the quarter, demonstrating the strength of their brands and the effectiveness of their growth strategies. Deltas focus on key influences in the wholesale channel, as well as the successes of their innovation pipeline continues to enable this above market growth. Hansgrohe, despite currency headwind continues to leverage their global leadership as they further expand into emerging markets and drive sales and profit growth. In Decorative Architectural segment Behr Paint grew core sales with their innovative new product BEHR MARQUEE, their ongoing expansion into the Pro segment and their award-winning customer satisfaction level. This growth is a testament to Behrs brand and innovation leadership in the DIY industry. In our Other Specialty Products segment, Milgard Windows the leading window brand in the Western United States had a tremendous quarter. They continued to capitalize on improving market dynamics, including new home construction growth, repair and remodel growth and increased demand for their higher-end offerings, including their recently introduced Athens stores. From a capital allocation perspective, during the quarter, we continue to execute on our commitment to shareholders by repurchasing approximately 3.8 million shares of stock. Year-to-date, we have repurchased approximately 7.8 million shares, returning over $270 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Reflecting confidence in our future outlook, we were pleased to announce this morning our intent to increase our annual dividend by $0.02 per share to $0.38 per share, beginning with the fourth quarter of this year. And finally, we completed the tax-free spin-off of TopBuild Corporation, a pivotal point in Mascos history. We look forward to TopBuilds continued success as a standalone publicly-traded company. Now, I'll turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail. John?
John Sznewajs: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide six. As Irene mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time charges. We continued our positive momentum coming out of the first quarter. I'm pleased to report the second quarter was our 15th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and profit growth. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, sales increased 7% and we experienced sales growth in all four segments. On a reported basis sales grew 3%, foreign currency translation negatively impacted our sales in the second quarter by $77 million, principally due to a weaker euro, compared to the U.S. dollar. Sales in North America were up 7% for the quarter. Continue to experience growing demand for our new home construction in repair and remodeling products, including our big-ticket kitchen and window products. With the spin-off of TopBuild is complete, repair and remodeling now represents approximately 82% of our total sales. International sales increased 5% in local currency in the quarter, driven by the continued strength of our international plumbing and window business. International sales now represent approximately 23% of our total sales. And we delivered strong bottomline performance as operating income increased to 22% in the quarter to $280 million, with operating margin expanding 230 basis points to 14.5%. In the quarter foreign currency translation negatively impacted operating profit by $19 million and we incurred approximately $5 million of interest carry costs from our March 2015 debt issuance. Our EPS was $0.38 the improvement of $0.10 or 36% compared to Q2 of last year. Turning to slide seven, you see that our Plumbing segment sales were flat for the second quarter. The strength in the U.S. dollar once again mapped the continued strong performance in our Plumbing segment. Excluding the $63 million impact of foreign currency translation, sales increased 7% driven by growth in faucets, spas and new program wins with key trade and retail partners. As Keith mentioned earlier, both Delta and Watkins enjoyed record sales quarters in Q2 and contributed to our North American sales growth of 8%. We experienced strong growth in the trade channel in the quarter as both our Delta and Brizo brand drive consumer demand for our innovative new products and we continue to take share in this category. The growth at Watkins, our leading spa business was due to the strength of our Caldera and Hot Springs brand as well as our acquisition of Endless Pools. Watkins achieved this record quarter excluding the impact of this acquisition. Our European businesses outperformed delivering 4% sales growth of local currency. Hansgrohe continues to drive trade channel growth to the strength of its brand, design and innovation. As we said in our Q1 earnings call, operating margins in the second quarter improved to the recent historical levels. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted plumbing segments operating profit by $12 million in the second quarter. Please turn to slide eight. In our decorative architectural segment, second quarter sales increased 4%, driven by the performance of our new Behr Marquee interior product and growth in our Behr Pro business. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation due to a stronger U.S. dollar versus the Canadian dollar, segment sales increased 6%. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted this segments operating profit by $7 million in the second quarter. Operating profit increased 18% in the second quarter due to increased volume, a favorable price commodity mix, our relationship and effective cost management. This segment also benefited from lower promotional expense of $6 million in the quarter related to the 4th of July sales event at the Home Depot, which began in July this year as opposed to June last year. As a result of this and other investment, we will incur an incremental $25 million in promotion, program cost, such as our successful Behr Pro initiative. Program reset, including new program wins at Liberty Hardware and advertising expense in this segments third quarter as compared to the third quarter of last year. This investment demonstrates our strong commitment to grow this business. Turning to slide nine, you can see our cabinets segment sales increase 6% in the quarter due to improved performance in the KrafMaid brand in the home center and dealer channels, partially offset by lower sales to the direct-to-builder channel because we continue to exit lower margin business. The segment returned to profitability in the second quarter. The bottomline improved $23 million over the prior year. This was primarily driven by improved mix as our higher price point KraftMaid brand continues to experience strong growth, improved pricing dynamics in the direct-to-builder channel, the reduction of the prior years incremental spend on ERP inefficiencies, and the benefits associated with other cost savings initiatives. The cabin team is focused on driving profitability in 2015 as we continue to introduce new products in retail and dealers and improve the execution in our Merillat business. We now believe we will deliver operating profit of approximately $25 million in 2015. Turning to slide 10, our other specialty product segment sales increased 8% and excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, sales grew 10%. We are particularly pleased with this result given the difficult comparison to last years second quarter when the segments growth was 11%. Our North American window business delivered low double-digit sales growth in Q2. This growth was driven by volume increases and the continued benefit of our favorable mixed shift toward our premium window and door product line. Excluding the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, our European window sales increased 7%. In the quarter, we also completed the acquisition of Evolution Manufacturing, our higher price point vinyl window manufacturer in the U.K. This acquisition will enable us to penetrate the greater London market. The segments operating profit growth in the quarter can be attributed to increased volumes, favorable mix and effective cost management. Turning to slide 11, we ended the quarter with about $1.5 billion of balance sheet liquidity. This amount reflects the $200 million dividend we received from TopBuild Corp. on June 30th. Our focus on working capital management delivered strong performance in the quarter as working capital as a percent of sales remained relatively flat versus prior year at 14%. We continue to take action to attract shareholder value. During the second quarter, we repurchased 3.8 million shares of approximately 1% of our common stock. Reflecting our Boards confidence in our future outlook, we announced the intent to raise our annual dividend by $0.02 from $0.36 to $0.38 per common share, starting with our quarterly dividend paid in the fourth quarter of 2015. We remain -- and we remain well positioned to retire $300 million to $500 million of debt in 2016. Now, I will turn the call back over to Keith. Keith?
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. Weve delivered a solid first half of the year and met key objectives we set for ourselves. Weve demonstrated our ability to capitalize on improving market dynamics and our ability to leverage our industry-leading positions. With the spin-off of TopBuild complete, we move into the second half of 2015, well positioned to continue to drive value. We expect that repair and remodel growth will continue to improve at a steady pace. All new home construction will accelerate in the back half of the year. Were confident in our ability to win in this macroeconomic environment with our focus portfolio, our commitment to operational excellence and our discipline around capital allocation. Id like to thank our teams for an outstanding quarter. Your efforts drove great results. With that, John and I will open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Dahl: Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the progress this quarter. I wanted to start out on the paint segment. And John, I think you mentioned there is $25 million of incremental spend in 3Q. So just rough math seems to suggest that that's talking about dropping down to something like 14% operating margin. And so is it that the right way to think about it and then how should we think about the fourth quarter? Is any of that actually a pull forward from the fourth quarter?
John Sznewajs: So Mike -- no, to answer your question directly, we continue to believe that this is going to be a high teens margins business. Really what happened and whats driving a lot of the spend is as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had the 4th of July event that took place. Typically, its a 10-day event, it was a 5-day event this year with Home Depot on the 4th of July holiday. And we just had the benefit in the quarter of all the sales related to that promotion but not on the expense. And so we don't think the total expense that we incurred last year is going to be any different than the expense that we incurred this year. We still incurred and its going to be the shorter window of time. And so thats whats driving the amount of that expense. So I still think even for Q3, even with this $25 million of incremental expense that we talk about, I think youll still see high teens margins from this segment.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay. And then shifting gears to the cabinets, obviously strong performance there. I think you credited mix but I wanted to also dig in because obviously at the Investor Day, we heard a lot about some of the initiatives and with the new leadership there. And so how much of that, would you say is being driven by some of those tasks that Joe Gross came in and from day one, it seemed like he thought there were -- there was a large bucket that was still low-hanging fruit. And so how much are you already benefiting from that in the quarter and what should we expect going forward?
Keith Allman: Were clearly seeing a benefit of Joes leadership and that entire team. Extremely pleased with the progress they're making and they are laying the ground work for this business to be even better. When we think about the outlook for the remaining of the -- remainder of the years, as John and I both mentioned, we believe this segment will contribute $25 million dollars of operating income in this year. And then were going to continue to drive the business beyond that.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from UBS. Your line is open.
Susan Maklari: Good morning.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Susan.
Susan Maklari: First, just coming back to the cabinet for a minute, the $25 million profit for the year is not that far from sort of where we had been going prior to this quarter. So it seems like even with the POP, you are really not changing your back half expectations a lot. Can you just help us understand how we should be thinking about that and maybe how sustainable are some of these things that youve seen?
Keith Allman: When we look at -- I will hit the demand pattern first, talk about that a little bit. We are seeing the new construction accelerating in the back half of the year, which is favorable for us. We have the leading new construction brand in Merillat on the cabinet side, so thats positive in terms of the overall volume. It does come at a little bit of a leaner mix for us. So, we see some of that mix headwinds if you will in the back half, but we feel good about the underlying demand in this segment. Our KraftMaid brand continues to take share at retail. We feel very good about that. So when we rolled that up and we look at the overall year, we believe we will come in at $25 million of operating income.
John Sznewajs: And Susan, maybe to supplementing Keiths comments a little bit, basically we are looking at this segment and really spoke about the segment in our Investor Day and we thought we delivered about $10 million of operating profit for the full year. And so we think that this is -- given the strength of the second quarter that we experienced and given what Keith just talked about the strength of the second half that we see, we think that the $25 million new target that we are focused on is a material move upward from where we were before.
Susan Maklari: Okay. And then in terms of the share repurchase, you noted that you increased the dividend. Is there any thought about perhaps accelerating the share repurchase activity or increasing that authorization at all?
Keith Allman: We cant, Susan. The authorization was just put forward in September of last year. At that time, weve been very consistent in saying that we repurchased between $400 million and $500 million worth of shares each year. And so we at this point are not changing that guidance at all. We expect to in 2015% repurchase somewhere in that $400 million to $500 million range.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nishu Sood: Thanks. I also wanted to dig into cabinets, terrific performance there. And I wanted to understand, this improvement has happened a lot more quickly than you laid out at your Investor Day and certainly, I think than a lot of people were expecting. So, first of all, starting on the revenues, you mentioned even with some trimming down of low margin business in the builder channel, there was enough pricing improvement and dealer KraftMaid sales to drive a pretty decent sales performance. So if we were to break those down, how did those weigh on the sales number, what was the main driver in driving the good sales performance there, how much pricing, how much volume and how much of an offset might there have been from shedding some of the lower margin side -- sorry the lower margin business?
Keith Allman: It was a mixture, Nishu. When you think about the KraftMaid brand, we've had really nice success in the retail channel and with that, KraftMaid sales has favorable mix for us with good margins in KraftMaid and we enjoy that volume without a doubt. We also launched recently the KraftMaid Vantage program, which is a dealer exclusive product line that has exceeded our expectations. It really is hitting the mark in terms of the expectations and the service that it gives the designers, as well as the owners and the dealer principal. So that KraftMaid benefit in terms of the overall unit volume, as well as the benefits of the mix and the price point that we get out has been very fundamental to us for sure in the turnaround. On the pricing and the builder direct side and the Merillat brand, that's really, I would say a 50-50 mixture where we are getting good results from the price increases that we are taking out to the market and we are driving the business to be more selective in the builder direct business that we go for. And also significant cost outs where we've -- we are not only not incurring the cost penalties and inefficiencies that we had in 14 associated with the ERP system, but we are also driving new improvements in terms of raw material yield rates, machine efficiencies and labor efficiencies. So its been multiple areas that have given us this improvement both on the demand side, as well as the cost management side. And I couldnt be happier with Joe and the team.
Nishu Sood: Got it. Got it. Great. And actually, I also wanted to ask about the cost side. That was very helpful color. At the Investor Day, Joe had talked about seeing a bucket of $50 million roughly of cost that could come out of this business and obviously, you talked about the margin, the margin potential of the business. Any updated thoughts on that, seems like that has gone better than expected? Any updated thoughts on the, kind of cost takeout potential out of this business longer-term?
Keith Allman: Our focus is still on this year. We are going to continue to drive this business, make it all that it can be our target. Weve moved up from $10 million to $25 million in the year and certainly we see the potential for this business to be better beyond that. But for now, Nishu, we are really focused and Joe is focused on driving this business this year.
Nishu Sood: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Just looking forward, particularly in commodity, raw materials, do you see anything coming -- it's going to be a change from what weve seen from the first half of this year?
John Sznewajs: Keith, it is John. In terms of what we are seeing in terms of inputs to plumbing, cooper has been a little bit volatile over the course of the last couple of quarters mostly on a downward trend. But with some of the new legislation thats out there related to brass and the like, so its changing some of our mix of product. There is some new legislation out there in term of flow rates in California, given the drop. We are coming up with some new products and so we need to introduce and are require to be introduced. So, we feel good about that.  I also -- as the comps grow, as we look at our international sales, they end up buying their brass and their copper in U.S. dollars, so that will have a slightly negative impact on -- as we look forward, I dont think its going to be that material at all. So, I feel really good about where we stand in terms of our position. We are really pleased though, I should say about the progress we are making in the trade channel, both of our Delta and our Brizo brands as we mentioned earlier, we are seeing really good sales through that channel right now.
Keith Hughes: And slightly same question for the same business moving forward.
Keith Allman: Weve seen some favorable commodity read through in that segment. As we talked, we are committed to investing in that segment because its a great return for us. And the investments in that channel not only drive topline but they further reinforce our brand positioning and customer royalty. So there is a virtual cycle there. So, we are happy to do that. Our intention is to -- as we talked about, Q3 versus prior year Q3 to invest across a wide area in that segment from new program wins in Liberty hardware to advertising and promotion. We are finishing up the expense associated with the color centers. So, all in about a $25 million incremental spent, when you compare Q3 of this year to Q3 of last year. So long-term and in year, we expect this segment to be right there in the high teens around 18% margin.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Will Randow from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Will Randow: Hey. Good morning and congratulations on the quarter.
Keith Allman: Thanks Will.
John Sznewajs: Thanks Will.
Will Randow: Just a question on regional trends. We heard about just like most folks, demand being impacted in main places like Texas, partly because of falling rain. Are there any regional trends, which you could call out in your business or dampening of sales, driven by some of the weather activity we saw in the second quarter?
Keith Allman: We did see a little bit of a headwind as you might expect in our exterior paint business in Oklahoma and Texas with all the range that they had. But when you look broadly across the country on a take repair, remodeling modeling first, we see pretty steady demand across all of our markets, really from a new home construction perspective, good growth around that southern smile in the United States if you would, particularly in Florida and Carolinas. So a little bit of regionality, but really its a demand patterns when you look across repair, remodeling and new construction has been pretty steady. When you look across our channels at retail trade direct to builder, we are really seeing some nice steady growth and in particular our trade and dealer business is strong both in a cabinet business as well as in plumbing. So we like the way the portfolio is mixed across both the demand drivers regionally and geographically. We are seeing some good growth in Central Europe. Southern Europe is starting to raise its head up a little bit and pick up real solid growth in the U.K. And in China, Hansgrohe continues to win with their brand and innovation and their strong dealer network over there. So a pretty steady story both channel-wise and regionally.
Will Randow: Thanks for that. And just one follow-up on the cabinets business. Do you feel like you picked up any share in the second quarter? Or is the demand pace that you saw in the second quarter probably going to get good proxy for what we might see in the second half?
Keith Allman: We picked up share in retail. We feel confident saying that. The KraftMaid brand continues to resonate with the designers and the influencers, and its a great product and its working well for us. On the dealer side, as weve talked about in the past, its really as touch quarter-over-quarter basis to peg the market size there, but we feel we are holding our own and gaining slightly on the dealer channel.
Will Randow: Thanks again. And congrats once again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Robert Wetenhall: Hey, good morning. You guys smoked the quarters. Its got to be a great feeling. I wanted to ask you on paint. You had a pretty tough comp coming in and you actually put up a really good topline there. Is this like due to end market growth or is this due to product innovation? And youre putting $25 million into 3Q. And my guess is that will turbo charge demand. How should we be thinking about the demand cycle given the trends? Is this end market growth, product innovation, or just a byproduct of you guys pounding with the category?
John Sznewajs: Yeah. I will start-off and repeat the part of your question and turn part of it over to Keith as well. You are right, we did come into the quarter with the relatively tough comp. I think we have 5% in the second quarter of last year. So you are right, so good performance by the Behr team, were really proud of what they done. I would say part of your question is definitely innovation is helping drive the growth at Behr. The Behr Marquee is resonating well with the consumers. But then I will say our Pro initiative is continuing to gain traction over time. And obviously, its been building over the last year or two from a relatively small number, but we are seeing just very consistent growth as we penetrate the pro channel. Keith?
Keith Allman: Our core is doing very well as well, Bob. The new color centers, while the installation has just completed in June for those color centers that have been in for a full quarter, we are seeing nice lift. The product is resonated and we are really looking for it, as we move into third quarter to leveraging and overlaying at nice ad spend onto that new merchandising and the new products altogether. So we think its a nice 123 punch to drive us into the quarter and finish the year. In terms of how much of our success here is share versus end market growth, thats as you know difficult again to peg the size of these markets and its tough to parse that out, but we feel very good about both the underlying economics around the repair, remodeling and particularly this size ticket with paint. And we also feel very good about how were delivering from a merchandizing product and customer satisfaction customer experience standpoint.
Robert Wetenhall: Let me ask that different way. Do you think gallon growth will track low-single digit or more mid-single digit?
John Sznewajs: I think more low.
Robert Wetenhall: Got it. And on your cabinets business, I would say this is a pretty V-shaped turnover real fast. Hats off to you guys because I am sure that took some intense work. Youre putting up a 5% margin, 5.6% massive year-over-year improvement. I am not looking for a spike in exact here. You went from $10 million to $25 million of operating income. But maybe just leveraging off some of your prior commentary, at mid cycle what kind of margin do you think you can deliver in this business and what are the steps you need to get there? Thanks very much. And good luck.
John Sznewajs: I would say high single, low double, Bob, took that digit margins.
Robert Wetenhall: Any view on timeframe to realize that kind of profitability?
John Sznewajs: Well, its tough to nail it down to a timeframe. I hate to do that here. I would tell you that I think this business, were going to continue to drive it through the year to that $25 million and then there is upside for that.
Keith Allman: Yes, Bob, I think the second half of this year will tell us more about the trajectory of this business.
Robert Wetenhall: Got it. Good luck. And great quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Barclays. Your line is open.
Keith Allman: Stephen, are you there?
Stephen Kim: I am sorry about that. Can you hear me now?
Keith Allman: Yes. Okay. Sorry. Thats my fault. Just quickly in cabinets, obviously the improvement we saw this quarter was impressive. Can you talk about how the improvement shaped up over the course of the quarter for example? Was your sort of exit rate in the quarter in terms of the way the efficiencies were coming together running at a higher rate than maybe even what we saw in this quarter? Or would you characterize sort of the improvements that were achieved in the quarters being maybe a little bit lumpy somewhere tied to specific initiatives or specific improvements that sort of occurred helter-skelter throughout the quarter. If you could just give us a sense for what that look like so we can be thinking about how things shape up from here.
John Sznewajs: Stephen, its John here. I would say that the improvement over the quarter was pretty consistent. I know its upward trended and things had developed. Obviously, the sales were kind of picked up seasonally in this segment. And so I think the improvement is going to follow that seasonal sales level.
Stephen Kim: Well, thats very encouraging. Great. Okay. And then, in the decorative art, just a question there, your raw material benefit I think you -- were just trying to get a handle on. I think we talked about $25 million of incremental spend and you sort of talked about maintaining the margins. I am wondering if we could take those remarks to sort of triangulate in onto an assumption that maybe about that $25 million was about what your raw material benefit was.
John Sznewajs: Stephen, I would try to interpret it that way. The material benefit was far less than that in the quarter. Again, remember we had a lot -- a fair amount of promotion that we didnt spend in the quarter. So I wouldnt try to interpret it that way.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Great. Well, thanks very much, guys. Great job.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from BAML. Your line is open.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. A lot of my questions had already been answered. I want to take things from a little tack in terms of cost and margin. You had again very solid SG&A leverage. In the quarter, youre down I think 30 basis points from the year ago as a percentage of sales. How much more favorable might that ratio be able to be over the next several years, how much of that might have been if at all related to currency moves, and how much it was structural? And is there any point where either because of the revenue growth or the type of markets you were in for a macro standpoint where you start to see some breakpoints in SG&A, the sales have to start naturally trending higher?
John Sznewajs: Yes, George, good question. One of the things that weve been focused on for the last several years is our SG&A expense in total. And to your point, we have seen some of that benefit flow through over the course of last several quarters and it really manifested itself well here in the second quarter of this year. Not much of the benefit I would tell you comes from currency, just the way that our operations were. So I would say most of it is fundamentally structural. Lot of it we think had to do with some of the cost out initiatives that we initiated over the last several years. I would tell you under Keiths leadership, under the new initiative team we are highly focused on managing our cost structure. And so I think cost control, cost containment is one of the things that we speak about regularly and on an internal basis. And so, is there further upside from here? Yes, we think so. But is there going to be a fundamental leg up from here? No, I dont think that you will see that. I think youll just see regular consistent performance continuing to drive our SG&A lower. Some of that will come. Obviously, volume will help improve that metric as well. So as we grow over time, I think we can leverage kind of our fixed cost SG&A base pretty well. So we look forward to improving that metric over the course of the next several years and well keep you informed as we make progress.
George Staphos: So differently you have enough capacity at that line level of staffing, serves etcetera to grow the business without seeing it go up naturally is what youre saying as well.
John Sznewajs: Thats right. Obviously selling will flex a little bit as sales grow. But the G&A component of SG&A, we think weve got pretty tight level that we wont need to invest incrementally to grow the business.
George Staphos: Okay. And just on paints, my follow-up. I think an answer to one of the other questions youd mentioned that you expect low-single digit growth in gallon on a going forward basis. And not trying to get too nitpicky or pedantic, I mean if you were investing in the business as agree, which you will in the third quarter end and rightly so given the margin, how do I reconcile low -single digits if I heard you correctly with the reinvestment? And how important is the Pro piece of that in maintaining the growth going forward? Thanks. And good luck on the quarter.
Keith Allman: George, I think you reconciled our investment in the upcoming quarter and out quarters by taking a long view in the segment. We believe that fundamentally R&R is going to grow in the 4% to 6% range, so thats good growth for us. We have a leading position and a great partner. And were integrating merchandising with product and advertising, and thats a good story. So when we think about the investments in this, we dont think so much quarter by quarter, while we do want to be transparent and allow you to do the modeling as accurately as you can, we really take a longer-term view of this. And we like the segment and we like our growth potential in it.
George Staphos: All right. Thanks, Keith. Ill turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And congrats on all the progress. The first question I had was on just going back to cabinets for a moment. And certainly, you kind of highlighted a few drivers of the improvement in the quarter over the last -- over the year ago quarter. Just trying to get a sense perhaps, if you arent able to let say, just say, okay, this amount of dollars came from cost outs versus mix. I was hoping to get a sense of maybe just prioritizing the drivers, what was the biggest bucket, the second biggest bucket if you were to think of perhaps, some of the cost outs versus mix versus pure volume leverage. How to think about whats really driving the bus in an order of magnitude sort of way?
Keith Allman: Mike Ill start with cost. I think thats the biggest bar in [Parado] [ph] and in that, there is lack of spend on the efficiencies that we had versus prior year with the ERP and then real robust if you will new cost outs around productivity scrap yield, those sorts of things. So thats the first bar. Volume would be the next one. Volume was a nice contributor for us in the quarter and we expect that to continue in that the third and the [Parado] [ph] bar would be mix.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. Perfect. And secondly, just looking at some of the -- lets say, non-segment line items. You continue to exact a lot of discipline on the overall corporate expense line at around a $100 million this year. How should we think about 2016, while not getting too specific in terms of guidance obviously? But just is that something that you grow more modestly in line with inflation? And any thoughts around just the ongoing tax rate for this year? I believe around 40% on a blended, but I believe in our model at least, we have a back half of 36%. And I believe that's kind of what the ongoing number is to think about going forward, if you can just clarify those items.
John Sznewajs: Sure, Mike. In terms of the general corporate expense, I do think the $100 million number is kind of our new run rate down from where weve been historically, $5 million or $20 million to $30 million. So we feel really good about what were accomplishing on, the cost control on the general corporate side of things. And to your point about the go-forward, we dont see it materially changing from here. Could there be some inflation, yes, what we try to offset that inflation, whether its wage or healthcare or whatever through productivity absolutely we are going to try to do that. So we like to think $100 million is a good number. So in terms of the tax rate, yeah, we did one unusual item flow through the tax rate this quarter. They had to do with an unusual item related to the spin where we had doing -- it actually had to do with TopBuild but we have to incur through continuing ops on our side, so its kind of an one-time event. But to your point, I know its about an $18 million item that flowed into our tax rate. To your point long-term, I will think about this is a 36% tax rate, that should be our long-term tax rate for back half of this year really going forward into 2016.
Michael Rehaut: Great. Thanks, guy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Dennis McGill: Hi. Good morning, guys. First question is just, as you think about that second half guidance for Cabinets. Keith, you mentioned the acceleration youre seeing in the business backlog and new construction coming through. So it seem volume would be a bigger contributors as you move forward? I know after doing $15 million of property, youre kind of guiding to $10 million for the second half combined? Is there anything that we should be thinking about that would cause that the deceleration or is it just conservatism given the choppiness of the cost outs?
Keith Allman: I think its more on the demand side, particularly as we see the new construction accelerating the back half that mix tends to be less profitable for us, let say, more repair and remodeling driven mix. So as new construction grows there is a faster clip in the back half, which we expect R&R, that would be a mix, there is also the seasonality thats inherent in the business.
Dennis McGill: Okay. So mix was positive in the second quarter, youd expected to be a drag if new construction plays out as you expect?
Keith Allman: When -- yes. When comparing back half over second quarter, yeah.
Dennis McGill: Okay. And then just bigger picture on the business, I think, three months ago at the Analyst Day, it seemed relatively open to sort of gauging the business at the end of the year and then rollout of sale that was in the best interest of shareholders. What do you say, it feel any better about the sustainability of the business within the Masco portfolio today than you did then, or as this trajectory about what you had expected?
Keith Allman: I feel better about the performance than I expected. Weve guided the $10 million of profitability in 15 and now were more than doubling that. So I pleasantly surprised by the, not surprised but feel good about the work that Joe and his team have done. We havent looked at all and we're not really thinking about any kind of potential portfolio moves, what we are really doing is driving this business for this year, thats Joes charge and as you can see, he is taking that out fulfill.
Dennis McGill: Okay. Good. Thank you, guys.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen East: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Keith, could -- I know you all dont give out any more, what exactly is going on through the quarter. But could you talk a little bit more broadly about how the quarter evolved with trends thinking both, separating out North America and Europe? And then just one last question on the paint, you had a competitor that did a big rollout at lows. You all were also bringing out your color center impact at the same time? So can you sort of parse out what you think that -- maybe that first onslaught from competitor did for you -- did to you and then what the color center did for you and how you all are measuring that?
Keith Allman: In terms of the in-quarter trend, when you pill back some of the inventory fluctuations that are natural, whether you're talking about system load for a promotion or just some natural fluctuations that can happened in the channel, you pull out FX. It really was remarkably steady eddy through the quarter in terms of a month by month look. So, I would characterize to your first question in terms of the in-quarter trend is being remarkably steady.
John Sznewajs: Nothingly different between North America and Europe either.
Stephen East: Okay.
Keith Allman: Yeah. Same story over in Europe, pretty level and we like that. This type of demand increase and this type of macroeconomics bode well for us. We have the capacity in place from a brick-and-mortar standpoint with our significant capital investment to support this kind of growth. And then with this kind of steady nature of it, our people systems respond very well to that, in terms of retaining and training our staff. So that we can maintain our customer satisfaction levels and quality levels and do it in a way that it is a reasonable amount of overtime and avoiding fixed spikes in premium freight and logistics hit so. We like this types of steady good momentum on the growth side. Dont really want to comment about whats happening, what competitors moves were focused in terms of those impact. Were focused on being the best channel partner we can be for The Home Depot and being the best paint supplier we can be for the consumer and its working. The color centers were just really finalized and put it in June. So its too early to tell, but for those centers that have been in a while particularly the ones that have been in for sometimes up in Canada, we are seeing all of our research that weve conducted with The Home Depot. Were seeing it pay off. Its a better mousetrap, a better merchandising solution that takes into account how the buyer has changed overtime and were excited about it.
Stephen East: Okay. Thanks. That helps me there. And then John maybe this was directed at you, can you talk about where you think your cash flows will be in 2015 and the buckets -- prioritized the buckets et cetera? And then, I know its early for 2016, but does 2015 have a normalize feel about it or is there something different that we ought to be able to see as we move through 2016 on it from a cash flow and usage perspective?
John Sznewajs: No, no. Stephen, in terms of cash flow, the only thing thats going to be unique this year is obviously why the $200 million dividend from TopBuild that we got in the second quarter from them. But beyond that, it should be relatively normalized cash flows in terms of, I think you brought the questions on capital allocations. Our priorities really havent changed much from what we discussed at our Investor Day. Obviously, we continue to invest in the business is our first priority and as Keith referenced we have a relatively low investment requirements for that. Beyond that, we talk about paying down a little bit of debt next year, also balancing that with acquisitions and shareholder friendly requirements. Obviously, we just announced the dividend increase, about 6% dividend increase effective about the fourth quarter. So that will be a slight use of cash but it shouldnt be significant just given our share repurchase activities. The overall cash outflow impact isnt changing significantly or so. We feel really good about our cash flows. In terms of 16, again I dont think were going to change all that much for 2016. And I think well continue to focus on investing the business share repurchases acquisitions to continue to grow the business. So I think a very consistent message youll hear from us over the course of the next two to three years.
Stephen East: All right. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our final question today comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research Company. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard: Good morning.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Bosshard: One more question on the cabinet business. Curious if you look at two factors, one for the market and secondly, your share, in terms of the market, do you feel that the repair remodel market is same or accelerated? And then secondly, you comment on the KraftMaid is continuing to gain share. We just love to understand, how this year performance now is different than before? What's driving that and is there any change in promotional efforts or traction in that business?
Keith Allman: On the market side, Eric, we feel good about R&R. There is a basket of indicators that are all positive, when you look at employment levels, consumer confidence, household formations and importantly, its improving values of existing homes, which is a key driver for this segment. So, you couple those indicators with what we believe to be pent-up demand where people have put off these types of purchases, and they can now connect with that in terms of return on investment in their homes. We think there is good steady R&R growth that were looking at. In terms of our share, clearly, were doing well in the home centers. Weve been steady in our promotional strategies as you recall a couple quarters ago, we talked about fine tuning that. And we've gotten to a very nice place where its productive for us in terms of driving demand but it's also very is profitable and is sustainable. So, I wouldnt characterize our promotion activity as really much different from prior quarters. I mean, it is continuing to work. You supplement that with some of our targeted new product introductions both into dealer as well as in the retail channels, its all contributed.
Eric Bosshard: I appreciate the repair remodel market dynamics have been favorable in terms of home values and those factors. But its probably cabinets has kind of lagged other categories and participating. Are you suggesting or seeing that the cabinet market is now performing along with other categories or perhaps you see that all along, can you just give a little bit more color on that?
Keith Allman: I think we're seeing it improving. I know were seeing it improving. The pent-up demand is starting to release, we believe together with all those other macros. So whether or not this large ticket is the way up to the rest of the market, tough for me to say but we certainly are seeing it improving. And we are seeing it across the board, which gives me confidence. Were seeing it in our window business where we are having nice success with our higher end of the range there. We are certainly seeing it in plumbing as we drive our assortment and we pay better attention to the showroom channel. So, we are seeing good uplift there in terms of ticket. And you look at Watkins, I mean, you don't get much more discretionary than expenses far and we are really doing well, record quarter in that business. So when you look at it, when I look at it from a number of different angles to try to get a feel for in particular big-ticket on the cabinet side is starting to unleash a little bit, I said yeah, it is and we like it.
Eric Bosshard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for attending Masco Corporation second quarter 2015 results conference call. This concludes todays call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Tasi - Director-Investor Relations Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP
Analysts: Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Matt A. Bouley - RBC Capital Markets LLC Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Will Randow - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's First Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. My name is Laurel, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'll now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Irene Tasi. Irene, you may begin.
Irene Tasi - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Laurel, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. As a reminder, we would appreciate it if you could limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to contact me directly at 313-792-5500. I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Any references to operating profit, earnings per share, or cash flow on today's call will be as adjusted unless otherwise noted with a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our quarterly press release and presentation slides. These can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.masco.com. With that, I will now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Irene. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Turning to slide four. We had a great start to 2015, with Q1 representing our 14th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and profit growth. All of our segments contributed to top line growth in local currency, resulting in our North American sales increasing 5%, and our international sales increasing 10% in local currency. We delivered this growth while expanding our operating margin to 9%, our strongest first quarter operating margin since 2007. Our focus on execution and cost containment continues to pay off as we improved our operating profit by $24 million, while decreasing SG&A by $6 million or 90 basis points. As a global company, foreign exchange cost us $0.02 of EPS in the quarter. Despite this headwind, our adjusted EPS grew 43% to $0.20 per common share. This strong performance was augmented by several value-creating initiatives we accomplished in the quarter. We returned approximately $135 million to shareholders through our increased dividends and the repurchase of approximately 4 million shares of stock. We announced an acquisition of Endless Pools by Watkins, a premiere spa business. This acquisition allows Watkins to expand its offering into the aquatic fitness category, opening new channels of distribution and access to a new customer base. The acquisition is reflective of a type of bolt-on opportunities we will continue to pursue. Additionally, the spin-off of our Installation Services business, TopBuild, remains on track for the middle of the year. Before turning the call over to John, I'd like to highlight how our strategies and execution are driving results. In our Plumbing segment, our longstanding commitment to innovation and design continues to propel our market-leading brands to new levels. Delta and Hansgrohe once again broke records in the quarter and both experienced the highest sales quarters in their history. Behr's longstanding reputation as an industry leader in paint was reaffirmed. J.D. Power and Associates ranked Behr number one in customer satisfaction for interior paints. You may recall that earlier this year, Behr was also rated number one in quality by a leading independent testing organization for its interior and exterior paints, as well as stains. These awards established Behr as the number one ranked paint based on quality and customer satisfaction and only add to Behr's brand awareness and brand equity. Milgard windows' history of innovation continues to drive sales with Essence windows and new multi-panel glass doors improving our business mix. Our Installation Services business continues to benefit from a strategic expansion into commercial construction, as well as targeted growth with custom builders. Finally, Joe Gross was named President of our Cabinetry Business in mid-February. He and his team are already delivering on their turnaround plan with improved top and bottom line results. With that, I'll turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Thanks, Keith. And good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide six. As Irene mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time charges. We started 2015 with positive momentum from last year. As Keith mentioned, the first quarter was our 14th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and profit growth. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, sales increased 7% and we experienced sales growth in all five segments. On a reported basis, sales grew 3%. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted our sales in the first quarter by $77 million, principally due to a weaker euro compared to the U.S. dollar. Sales in North America were up 5% for the quarter. As the U.S. economy improves we are experiencing growing demand for our new home construction and repair/remodeling products including big ticket repair/remodeling products. As a reminder, repair/remodel activity accounts for approximately 75% of our total sales. International sales increased 10% in local currency in the quarter, driven by the continued strength of our International Plumbing business. Gross margins expanded approximately 20 basis points compared to Q1 of last year to 28.2%. Our focus on cost control continues to pay off. As Keith mentioned, SG&A spend declined by $6 million in the quarter, despite a $53 million increase in revenue. As a result, SG&A as a percent of sales decreased 90 basis points to 19.2%. Our cost control enhanced our operating leverage as we generated a 45% incremental margin in the quarter. We delivered strong bottom line performance as operating income increased 15% in the quarter to $181 million, with operating margins expanding 100 basis points to 9%; our highest first quarter margin since 2007. And our EPS was $0.20, an improvement of $0.06 or 43% compared to the first quarter of last year. Foreign currency negatively impacted operating profit in the quarter by $10 million or approximately $0.02 per share. Turning to slide seven, our Plumbing segment sales decreased 1% due to the unfavorable impact of foreign currency. The strength of the U.S. dollar masked the terrific performance in Q1 across our Plumbing segment. Excluding the $71 million impact of foreign currency translation, sales increased 8%, driven by growth in faucets, spas, and new program wins with trade and retail partners. As Keith mentioned earlier, both Delta and Hansgrohe enjoyed their best quarter for any period in their history. We experienced strong growth in the trade channel in the quarter, as Delta and Brizo brands drive consumer demand for our innovative new products, and we continue to take share in this category. Our European businesses continue to outperform, delivering 10% sales growth in local currency despite a strong mid-single digit comp from the first quarter of last year. Hansgrohe's record quarter in local currency was driven by emerging market growth, as well as the strength of Hansgrohe's brand, design and innovation, all of which were on display at the recent ISH trade show in Frankfurt. Operating profit decreased 7%, driven primarily by unfavorable currency of $10 million and negative mix of $5 million as we further penetrate the emerging markets. As we mentioned on our Q4 earnings call, sales marketing and trade show expenses due primarily to our participation in the biennial trade show in Frankfurt impacted results by approximately $8 million. This was partially offset by favorable price commodity relationships, nearly all of which was incurred in our European businesses and increased volumes. We look at these costs in Q1 as investments for future growth and we believe this year Plumbing segment margins will approximate the 15% to 16% that we experienced in 2014. Turning to slide eight, in the Decorative Architectural segment, first quarter sales increased 2%, driven by the performance of our new BEHR MARQUEE Interior product and growth in our BEHRPro business. As Keith mentioned, we are pleased that Behr was ranked number one in the J.D. Power's 2015 Paint Satisfaction Study in the interior paint category. This recognition, together with being ranked number one in interior paint, exterior paint, and exterior stains by a leading independent consumer testing organization establishes Behr as a quality leader in the architectural coatings industry. Liberty Hardware contributed to the top and bottom line growth through the continued share gains from successful new product introductions and program wins in the retail channel. Operating profit increased 9% in the first quarter due to increased volumes, effective cost management, and the deferral of approximately $2 million in advertising and promotional expenses related to the coatings business from the first quarter to later this year. All of this was partially offset by some incremental expense at Liberty. As we mentioned in our Q4 call, we expect to incur approximately $20 million of incremental investments in 2015, related to program wins at Liberty Hardware, and the investment in Behr's new Color Solution Centers in The Home Depot. These New Color Solution Centers should be in all stores by Memorial Day, in time for the kickoff of the painting season. Segment sales were impacted by $3 million of these expenses in Q1, slightly lower than the $5 million we initially expected as a result of timing of some of these initiatives. We still expect to incur approximately $20 million of incremental investment related to these programs and initiatives in 2015 with Q2 impacted by approximately $8 million, Q3 by $6 million, and Q4 by $3 million in addition to the $3 million we experienced in Q1. Turning to slide nine, our Cabinet segment sales increased 5% in the quarter due to improved performance of the KraftMaid brand in the home centers and with dealers. The bottom line improved $7 million over the prior year driven primarily by improved mix as our higher price point KraftMaid experienced strong growth, the reduction of prior year's incremental spend and the benefits associated with other cost savings initiatives. Turning to Installation on slide 10, our sales increased 7% in the quarter as a result of improved end-market activity, with the strongest growth coming from residential new home construction and commercial channels. The growth in the residential new home construction was driven by strong single-family performance with both production and custom builders. In addition, TopBuild was recently awarded ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year by the EPA for the 11th time for its home energy rating service. This reflects TopBuild's commitment to improving energy efficiency of homes in the U.S., and a recognition of TopBuild's expertise in building science. Our efforts to drive productivity and increase volume helped offset raw material price increases and wage inflation as operating profit increased $12 million and delivered 2.2% operating margins. We are pleased that Q1 is this segment's first profitable first quarter since 2007. And as Keith mentioned, we're happy to report that we're on track to execute the spin-off in the middle of the year. Turning to slide 11, our Other Specialty Product segment sales increased 7%, driven by low double-digit sales growth in our North American window business. This growth was driven by volume increases and the continued benefit of a favorable mix shift toward our premium window and door product lines. Excluding the impact of a negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, our European window sales increased 5%. The segment's operating profit growth in the quarter can be attributed to increased volumes and a favorable price/commodity relationship, which was partially offset by approximately $2 million of cost related to ERP investment in Milgard and the timing of advertising and display expense. And turning to slide 12, we ended the quarter with about $1.8 billion of liquidity. As a reminder, this number reflects the $500 million 10-year bond we issued in March to pre-fund our upcoming June 15 $500 million maturity. The issuance carrying cost is approximately $5 million, nearly all of which will impact the second quarter. And we continue to have strong performance in working capital. Working capital as a percent of sales came in at 12.7%, a 60-basis point improvement from the first quarter of last year. And finally, turning to slide 13, we continue to take initiatives to unlock shareholder value. One of these initiatives was to increase our share repurchase activity. As Keith mentioned earlier, during the first quarter, we repurchased more than 4 million shares or approximately 1.2% of our common stock. It is our expectation and we will allocate in total between $400 million and $500 million to share repurchases in 2015, and we are well-positioned to retire between $300 million and $500 million of debt in 2016. That concludes my remarks, so with that, I'll turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, John. We're really pleased with our strong start to the year and our continued ability to execute against a backdrop of strengthening demand for our industry-leading products and services. We started the year well, we have good momentum as we move further into 2015, and we remain confident in our outlook for the year. We look forward to sharing more of the Masco story and our growth plans with you next week at our Investor Day. So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Laurel for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. Your first question comes from the line of Stephen East with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Thank you, thank you. Good morning, guys. Thanks for the detail on Plumbing in Europe. I guess if you could talk a little bit more about what you all are doing with the emerging markets in Europe, just trying to understand where you're going with the business and what percentage of Europe is Plumbing for you all?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We have a, as you know, Stephen, a very strong global brand in Hansgrohe, and our plan for that brand is to continue to invest in it. And we have a substantial amount of upside as we look across the emerging markets both in Europe and outside of Europe. So, in general, our expectation is to continue to invest behind that. We see good returns on that. The business has good margins, and we feel really good about emerging markets. You mentioned Europe, in particular. Of course, we continue to have challenges like everyone does in the Ukraine and in Russia, but we're committed to the European market and we like the results that we're seeing. And we'll have more detailed information at the Investor Day as we outline more specific growth plans and milestones.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Stephen, maybe just to give you a little bit of color. International sales represent approximately 40% of the segment sales.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Okay. Okay. And within  embedded within that, I know you gave us the top line FX impact. The op margin impact would you mind giving? And then my second question revolved around Behr. It was a fairly easy comp. So, I'm wondering did the Lowe's paint rollout sort of disrupt the market, what do you think is going on there? And then are you starting to see any raw material tailwind from oil costs coming down and the derivative products off that?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: So, Stephen just to answer your first question, the operating profit impact of foreign currency was approximately $10 million in the Plumbing segment in the quarter.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Okay.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Coincidentally that happens also to be the impact for the company in total.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: As it relates to Paint, Keith do you want...
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, on the Paint side, as we mentioned in our remarks, we have good strong momentum rolling with a lot of our awards rolling our way. And we're investing behind that. We have a new Color Center that we're launching and that will be rolled out in the end of March. We really feel good about that. We have an advertising campaign that's coming in consistent with that. And we've also got new products that we're rolling out where we've rebranded KILZ PRO-X to BEHRPro and I think that's going to be very productive for us. We're rolling out Textured DECKOVER. When you put that all together we feel confident in where Paint's going.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs with Baird. Your line is open.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, good morning everybody. Nice job.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Tim.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): I guess I just had a couple of questions on the EBIT. I was wondering if you could  I think in the past, you've given us an EBIT bridge year-over-year. I'm just wondering if maybe I missed that, but if you could kind of go through what the price commodity was productivity, those types of things?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah, Tim, we're not giving out that information any longer. So  but suffice to say, if you think about the volumes  we had pretty good volume growth in the quarter, obviously offset by a fair amount of currency headwinds and a little bit of pricing in there as well. So, I think I've got  I thought some of the segment detail that I provided was probably more useful than giving it in the company overall. So, take a look at the transcript and then if you have more questions we can perhaps circle back after the call.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. No, I just wanted to make sure I didn't miss it. And then I guess, just as you guys stand right now, I know it's early, but any change to how you're thinking about the full year with one quarter under your belt? And then just a housekeeping question. How should we think of the FX headwind to revenue for the full year?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No change in our outlook for the year. We're excited about it and we continue to be positive about how we see 2015 shaping up. When you look at the fundamentals and the indicators from a macroeconomic standpoint, they're shaping up well. Consumer confidence is good. Household formation seemed to have spiked. Existing home sales are well-positioned and credit's easing up. So, from a macro perspective, we continue to be very positive. When you look specifically at the demand drivers, in terms of new construction, we talked last call about how we felt that Blue Chip was maybe a little aggressive at $1.150 million they've since come down. We think they're still a little bit high. We're looking at about $1.1 million is how we're thinking out at it in terms of starts, so that's a good healthy 10% growth for us. And we're seeing indications of that growth importantly in the markets. Carolina's very robust. Florida is robust. Dallas is doing well. So this is fairly typical of what we see where pockets start to have that kind of heat, so on the new construction side, we feel good about it. On the R&R demand drivers, when you look at, in addition to the macroeconomic indicators, you look at how our businesses that are more skewed to R&R are performing, you see good signs. Plumbing is a strong R&R business for us and that's doing very well. Milgard windows is principally an R&R play and that's doing extremely well. And in Cabinets, we're seeing KraftMaid, which is in the high end, more or less, in that space doing well and starting to grow which is indicative of a move towards that bigger ticket. Our channel partners as they announced a month or so ago had very strong comps. So from a macroeconomic standpoint, a new construction demand driver, an R&R demand driver, we feel very good about the year and continue to be positive. And I think importantly, we have the supply chain in our company set up to handle it without a significant capital expense and the inefficiencies that can sometimes come with that. So, we're positive for the year.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Tim as it relates to your housekeeping question on FX. FX will continue to be a headwind, particularly for the second and third quarters because of the way that currency developed last year. If you think about in the fourth quarter, we had about a $32 million headwind in currency in the fourth quarter of last year, so the comp will ease as we get into the back-half of the year, particularly the fourth quarter. So if you take a look at where currency rates are today versus where they were over the last year, order of magnitude of $300 million, so headwind facing us from currency this year.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Appreciate the color, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, thank you. I wanted to go back to the Plumbing discussion and actually focus on the margins. I think you had said you expect full year margins in the 15% to 16% range, clearly a lot of the headwinds in the first quarter. But also seems to imply that any benefits that you're getting on the commodity side are likely to be offset by maybe currency and some of the spend in the near term. Just wondering how you'd think about that and going forward is this  I think you've talked about margins that could be a little bit higher in a normal environment than this, so is there any change there or is this just more of a temporary issue?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mike, there is no change to our mid- to long term expectations for margin in the segment, mid-teens. And specifically in the quarter, we incurred about $8 million of expense related to advertising, marketing and trade show expense which happens every other year at ISH. We believe this is really good spend for us to make, this is a productive segment for us. We have strong brands with good growth potential. So, this is a good place to put our investment. And for those of you that were at the ISH show in Frankfurt, you were able to see the power of the Hansgrohe brand. I don't think it's saying too much to say that we were most definitely the best position in the entire fair. And that's a fair that happens European-wide every other year. So, we feel really good about the investment in it and we really don't see a change to our margin expectations in this space.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, great. And then shifting gears to the Cabinet side, just with the leadership change or the new leadership coming in, can you talk about just what some of the specific initiatives that Bill's been tasked with are  as far as kind of day one, first few months and then longer term, what's he you really coming in to do differently than you guys had been doing?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Joe Gross is the right leader for this business at this time. We brought him in because of his experience. And he is steeped in turnarounds. He's spent a good portion of his career in private equity working for Cerberus and he's run and turned around and helped us in significant businesses here in our portfolio. In terms of the specific initiatives and his plan of attack and what we're doing with this business, we've talked about our objective is to drive this business to profitability in 2015 and we're going to do that. And in terms of specifics, we'll talk about that next week and you'll get a chance to meet Joe.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matt A. Bouley - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. This is actually Matt Bouley on for Bob. Thanks for taking my questions. So, just in Paint, on the raw materials side, I'm wondering if you can update us on what you're seeing now in terms of the Paint feedstocks and what you're expecting in 2015.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We really have seen modest deflation in Paint so far. We expect to see a little bit of favorability on the Paint side coming in in the next quarter. How long that's going to last remains to be seen. If you look at expanding it to our entire commodity basket, there really is a mixed bag. We're seeing copper in our Plumbing segment come off its lows, again how long and how high copper pricing will go remains to be seen. We're seeing some slight inflation in hardwoods in our Cabinets side. And of course, a month or so ago, there was an announcement of a 10% price increase in our Installation. We are seeing a little bit of favorability out in logistics  in terms of logistics costs as the price of diesel starts to come down. As we talked earlier, we really see no significant change in our margin expectations, particularly in our big segments around Paint and Plumbing.
Matt A. Bouley - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Thanks. And then back to Cabinets, just given the recent consolidation in the space. So, I'm wondering if you could touch on maybe the competitive dynamics you're seeing and particularly in the dealer channel.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We really don't see a big change in terms of the competitive environment. We've competed against Norcraft for years, and we're going to continue to do that. We have strong competitors out in the space. We respect them for sure. We're focused on our business. And Joe and the team driving the turnaround and getting our Cabinet business back to profitability. But don't see any real fundamental changes in the competitive environment.
Matt A. Bouley - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you. Two questions. First of all in the Paint segment, the margin performance obviously quite good. But from a revenue perspective it sounds like the Hardware and the Paint both showed growth. I'm curious in how you think that growth compares to the markets in the first quarter and how we should expect that growth to behave as we move through the year?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah, Eric, it's John. Yeah, if you look at some of the others that have reported we're consistent with some. The one company's a little bit higher than us but they had a load-in going in in the stores. So we think if anything we are holding if not picking up just a little bit of share in the marketplace today.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. And then a similar question on the Cabinets side. You know the Cabinet growth is I think a little bit better than prior trend. As you look forward in that business and you can get a little bit of a forward look with measurements in traffic in that segment, but curious what you're seeing and expecting in terms of the revenue growth opportunity there. And also the market share opportunity there, how that experience is playing out.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're seeing some good traction, particularly in our KraftMaid brand at both retail and the dealer segment. Market share is very difficult in this fragmented market to report, particularly when you're talking about a quarter-over-quarter of variance. But we like our demand trend and we think we're winning with KraftMaid both in retail and in dealer. We remain challenged in the dealer segment for Merillat, as we recover from some of our execution issues that we had last year, frankly. We have our deliveries and lead times back and we're starting to win back that, the trust of that segment. We have the leading brands in KraftMaid and Merillat in the R&R and the builder segment, respectively. So we're going to continue to drive that demand.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Just within that, again the underlying demand, I appreciate the progress on market share. The underlying Cabinet demand, especially on the R&R side, how is that behaving relative to your expectations and how do you think about that specific category this year, R&R Cabinets?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's robust. I mean, when you look at the pent-up demand that we've seen over lack of spend in prior years, when we look at the indicators in terms of new home values, we look at store traffic, the fact that KraftMaid for us has momentum and that's on a higher end of the price continuum, I think that bodes well for the overall R&R dynamics.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie Capital. Your line is open.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. First question in Cabinets, I'm curious if you can gives us how much ERP inefficiencies where in the Cabinet segment in the first quarter? And some of your competitors have gone through the portfolio and exited recently some unprofitable markets in Cabinets, regional builder share, have you gone through that your portfolio and made that decision yet as to whether or not you can exit certain underperforming businesses?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yes. Hi, Mike. As it relates to the ERP inefficiencies we experienced, it was about $3 million in the first quarter.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In terms of the strategy of the team that's in place and the leadership of Joe, we are definitely applying segmentation to customers, markets, geographies and channels and we're looking at that as a factor, without question. And again, at the Investor Day next week, we're going to go into more detail on that.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. And was the  in Paint, was the deferral of that spending just more of an execution timing? And if you could also just comment on the Pro initiatives, it was mentioned in the release, just wondering how large that business is?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, Mike, the deferral  it was more due to the fact that we had some inclement weather, so we thought we'd ask the advertisement people in painting, so we just deferred it into second and third quarters. As it relates to the Pro business, they continue to have nice growth and we'll talk more  Jeff Filley, the Head of Behr will talk more about our Pro initiatives next week at the Investor Day.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, top line in your Cabinets were pretty strong, have you been able to regain some of that lost year in home center, the home center channel. And the high-single digit growth in KraftMaid is better than we would have expected. How does that stack up to your expectation and did you have to cede some price to regain market share?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It met our expectation. We planned on as we talked last call of recalibrating our pricing and promotional strategies. We're leveraging the brand and the designer advocacy that we have in KraftMaid. So Philip I'd say it was on plan and we do think that the growth that we showed was a share gain for us.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And can you give us a little color on how  it sounds like you're generally upbeat about the outlook but can you give us some color on how the start of the spring selling season is progressing and any sales trends you've seen in April?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We like what we're seeing, the demand is rolling along as expected. As I talked in some of the earlier remarks, the macroeconomics and what we're seeing in specific markets, the foot traffic we're seeing in retail, the movement with KraftMaid indicating that the buyer is moving up in terms of the price continuum, that all supports a nice spring selling season.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay, all right. Thanks, guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR. Your line is open.
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Thank you, good morning, gentlemen. Looking at the Plumbing margins that expectation of 15% to 16% this year, is there any way you could sort of quantify the negative headwinds this year from emerging markets, trade show expense and foreign currency?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Sure, Alex. Well, that impact comes over a period of time, we've introduced a lot of new products at those trade shows and particularly the one in Frankfurt. And so, we will see the benefit of those sales really from in 2015 and 2016 because a lot those won't hit the market until later this year. But when they do because they're new products and they  we've priced them approximately because of the innovation that's in these new products, you will see that the margin benefit at that time.
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And then secondly, can you go a little bit deeper on the double-digit growth in windows in the quarter? Was that market share growth, price or market share gains?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: It was probably a little bit of share gain along with some improved mix in the quarter. We've seen a lot of nice upward pricing  or price point driven demand from the consumers in the Western U.S. So, think of our Essence windows as we talked about or Keith mentioned it a couple of minutes ago, some of our paint and vinyl products are doing particularly well. The sliding glass door/glass wall product that we came out with last year are all resonating very well with the consumers in the Western U.S.
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: Hi. Good morning. Thank you, guys. Just wanted to go back to Decorative Architectural segment. John, are you seeing or did you guys see any difference between point of sale and your revenue recognition during the quarter?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: We did  yeah, POS was higher than our revenue recognition.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: And what was driving that?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: I think there may have been just a small amount of inventory balancing there, Dennis.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: And is that across the Hardware and Paint segment or more Paint?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: I'd say it's solely in the Paint segment.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. And then just going back to Cabinets. You touched on this a little bit I think around the Merillat performance, but can you speak to maybe a little bit more specifically the trends you're seeing in the home center versus Merillat in the dealer channel? How much of a drag is that for you, guys, right now that you're looking to reverse?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're performing well in the home center dealer channel with KraftMaid. The challenge that we're facing to give you a little bit of color on that from the Merillat side, as you know, last year we had delivery and lead time issues associated with some execution problems we had with our ERP system. We've put that in the rearview mirror. We have our delivery and our lead times back. But there has been some hangover with regards to our ability to serve in businesses that those dealers go after. We're building that confidence back. We haven't lost leaderships but we did lose some confidence in them. And we're working that back and step-by-step, we'll continue to do that. So, directly to your question, Dennis, we're seeing some good strong retail and dealer business in KraftMaid. We continue to be challenged with regards to the demand side at Merillat, but we're getting better.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: And I'm sure you'll touch on this next week, but as far as communicating that message to the Merillat dealers, what's the primary focus that you're communicating to them right now as far as why they should stick with you?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, really, it's not so much, the communication isn't oriented on why to stick with us, it's why you should grow with us and why we're going to be dependable. And fundamentally, we do that with our numbers and our performance.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. I look forward to next week. Thanks, guys.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Thanks, Dennis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First question I had was on  just going back to Plumbing for a moment. The 14% margin in the quarter you mentioned, obviously, impacted by the trade show and some of the spend. And I believe you said last quarter the trade show itself was $3 million, so I just wanted to make sure that was the case. But getting to the 15% to 16% margin for the full year, from the 14% you're seeing in the first quarter, is that a function of most of that $8 million dissipating or is there sort of incremental profitability that you expect as well from volume growth or price mix? If you could go into a little more detail in terms of going from the 14% to the 15% to 16% for the year.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Sure, Mike. It's John. So the trade show actually costs us $4 million, so a little bit more than we expected than the $3 million. But in the $8 million there's some embedded incremental advertising and marketing expenses that we referred to. So, that's how you bridge the $4 million to the $8 million. In terms of the growth  the profit growth going forward from Q2 to Q4, clearly a big part of it is just the expense that we incurred in Q1 we don't expect to repeat itself in the following quarters. At the same time, we do expect to grow this business, so the balance of that relates to the volume drop that we expect to have in the remaining three quarters in 2015. In terms of mix, we do probably see a little bit of improved mix over the quarter, but we did have kind of some crosswinds in there in the first quarter, just with the strong growth in the emerging markets that we experienced.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. No, thank you. And just a second question on Cabinets, you had a $7 million profit improvement off of $12 million in better volume or I'm sorry, better revenue. So, it would seem that a portion of the profit improvement was just from incremental margins. And I was hoping you could explain the other portion if that was maybe lapping some ERP or costs that you're not incurring this year, if you could kind of walk through the drivers of the profit improvement. And in terms of the new management, I was hoping just to get a sense for  you kind of referred to the fact that the new leader, and I apologize for not catching the name, I believe, Bill (sic) [Joe] Gross, not coming from private equity place but if there's also  if could just go through his background in a little more detail, as well as if there were any other major changes to the leadership team I think we've discussed in the past.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We've  the improvement is a combination of some favorable mix that we've seen and KraftMaid growing. We certainly are performing better on the operational side and getting over some of the inefficiencies of ERP. We've also taken some costs out. So it's a combination of the usual suspects with regards to the improvements. With regard to Joe Gross, he's not a bond guy; he's Joe and not Bill. He's been with Masco for quite a number of years. He came from our Tool business and then was moved into a President of our Rough Plumbing business and all along the way he's done a tremendous job. He does have significant turnaround experience as I mentioned, he's worked in private equity for a good portion of his career. So he brings a very good perspective in this business, and as I said, you'll get a chance to meet him, to talk to him, to have Q&A et cetera at the Investor Conference.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Your line is open.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi everyone, good morning, most of my questions have been asked but I'll give it a shot with these two. First of all, can you comment at all or affirm what your views on the incremental margin and incremental profit uplift should be for Cabinets this year. I seem to recall there was a $25 million or so built-in benefit given last year's inefficiencies. And then, Keith, I remember still a goal of 25% incremental margin. Can you confirm that that's the outlook for 2015? And then question for you, John, just on FX, can you comment at all on sort of how your debt is allocated regionally? I don't recall on whether there's an opportunity at all to use that as a natural hedge for FX going forward.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: So, George, with respect to your incremental margin question on Cabinetry, yeah, we do expect that there should be a $25 million tailwind from just the lack of the incremental expenses that we incurred in 2014 that will benefit 2015. So, above and beyond that, in terms of just the volume benefit, we should expect about a 30% dropdown on a contribution margin on incremental volume in the segment. So, that's how to kind of think about profit growth in 2015 and beyond in our Cabinet business. As it relates to FX, right now all of our debt is U.S.-based. But to your point, given the attractive rate environment that we're seeing over in Europe, as we have upcoming maturities and we have that significant maturity that's coming up in 2016, if the rate environment stays similar to what it is now, we would definitely consider taking a look at perhaps doing some euro-based financing for that refinancing activity later next year.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Keith, just one quickie, and not trying to be too short-term, in answering a prior question you were certainly espousing your optimism, your confidence in the way the quarter is developing. Is there a way to put a number or a range on the sales comp you're seeing thus far in the quarter? Thanks, and good luck in the quarter.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think we're  I'm going to stay away from giving a number. Our outlook has not changed. We feel the same way about these businesses now as we did coming into the quarter and continue to feel good about the outlook for 2015.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with UBS. Your line is open.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Susan.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: In terms of the pricing environment and promotions, I know that you made a big effort towards the end of last year to sort of reset a lot of that. Can you talk about with the improvement that you saw during the quarter, any changes there and maybe any abilities to sort of get more pricing as we go through the year?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: As we talked about  as I talked about last quarter, our intention was to adjust our promotional strategy and pricing in Cabinets. We got more aggressive than I think the market would bear, as we've talked about in the past, and we made some adjustments to that. We're competitive in terms of where we are in our strategy right now, and we saw good results from it. We're committed to driving this business to profitability and we're seeing some nice signs as Joe and the new team start to get traction.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then in terms of your working capital, the improvement was really impressive there as you saw things take off in the quarter. Can you talk a little bit about how we can expect to trend during the year, and is there may be anything significant that you can do there?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: We continue to work on working capital, Susan. And as you highlighted, just great outcome that the team from an operations, finance, and supply chain execute upon. We do incentivize all of our employees across the enterprise on working capital performance, so there is incentive to continue to improve that. So there's a variety of things that we're working on, principally around inventories. We think there's an opportunity to continue to improve. That said, I think given that we're kind of at record low levels of working capital, the improvement from here will be slightly incremental. Don't expect major step-change improvement from working capital going forward.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. So, Keith, when your tenure started and you talked about portfolio restructuring, most of the investor focus was on what might be divested. But you folks are fairly consistent in talking about potential bolt-on acquisitions happening as well; so the Endless Pools acquisition. First, if you could give us some sense of the size of that, sales, maybe EBITDA? And also if you could give us some sense of how it fits in to the acquisition vision and what it might tell us about what sorts of future acquisitions you're considering and might make as time goes on?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Endless Pools was a small acquisition for us. It was about $25 million. In terms of how it fits into the overall strategy, we're focused on bolt-ons rather than per se another leg, another platform for us. We view Plumbing and Paint, North American and Global, and that space is where our target is. We're targeting in the range of $200 million to $300 million as the kind of acquisitions that we're looking on. So Endless Pools is small, but it's consistent in that it's in Plumbing; it's where we see the potential to leverage either our technologies or our access to markets. And that's what we've brought onboard a new VP of Strategy and Business Development, and his role is to help manage our pipeline and we're working with our teams to do that. So while it's small, it's quite consistent with what we're looking at in terms of our ongoing acquisitions.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. And you mean up to $200 million to $300 million in the acquisition value?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Correct.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And a second question, the Investor Day obviously, everyone is looking forward to that. You've mentioned we'll be hearing from a few of the divisions, Cabinets, ProBuilt, Paint. Are we going to be hearing from all of the different divisions? Is it going to be a pretty systematic review of what's going on across Masco? What  maybe  are there going to be some themes you're going to be looking at? Obviously, I'm sure we'll get all the details, but maybe if you could give us a movie trailer version.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're not going to hear from every one of our general managers, but clearly you're going to have people talking to you about every segment. We're going to go through and put the business leaders in front to talk about their growth strategies. We're going to talk about specific actions as well as performance milestones, and we're going to talk about expectations.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Great. We'll see you next week. Thanks.
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Will Randow with Citi. Your line is open.
Will Randow - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. I was curious on the Cabinet side. It looks like you guys introduced the Merillat Express, five day ship business along with recently purchased the Cardell trademark, and have been making some waves in Cabinets. Where's the strategic vision behind some of those initiatives?
Keith J. Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Cardell was purchased some time ago. And, really, what we're focused on is trying to give our customers what they need to drive foot traffic and to be profitable for them and for us to be profitable. So, our strategy is a combination of market penetration with the strongest brands that we have, as well as getting our house in order with regards to performance and cost.
Will Randow - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks for that. And just one follow-up in terms of the pace of the repurchase program with about 4 million shares in the first quarter. Is there any room to accelerate that? And are you looking at this consistently on a free cash flow less share purchases neutral basis? Thank you.
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah, Will, there is always opportunity to accelerate or decelerate this share repurchase activity based on where we see the share price go. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are  we did reaffirm the fact that we would purchase between $400 million and $500 million worth of shares this year. And so we'll continue to evaluate opportunities to accelerate repurchases based on where the share price is at.
Will Randow - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. My question's on Cabinets. You had discussed mix being a positive in the quarter. Could you give us a view of where volume was in the first quarter?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah. So, volume was up just a little bit, Keith. Pretty good volume in that we saw as a result of the mix though. So KraftMaid really led the volume charge in Q1 as Keith mentioned earlier, both at retail as well as our dealers. So, that initiative has gone very well so we're very pleased with the volume growth at KraftMaid.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Does that mean that Merillat volume was down year-over-year?
John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yeah. It was down slightly year-over-year.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that's all the time we have for today. Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith J. Allman - President and CEO John G. Sznewajs - VP, Treasurer and CFO Irene Tasi - Director, IR
Analysts: Stephen Kim - Barclays Mike Wood - Macquarie Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip Ng - Jefferies James Armstrong - Vertical Research Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets Tim Wojs - Robert W. Baird Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results 2014 Conference Call. My name is Laurel and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions]. Ill now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Irene Tasi. Irene, you may begin.
Irene Tasi: Thank you, Laurel, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's 2014 fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. Joining me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter and full year earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion on our Web site. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. As a reminder, we would appreciate it if you would limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to contact me directly at (313) 792-5500. I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Any references to operating profit, earnings per share or cash flow on today's call will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted, with a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our quarterly press release and presentation slides. These can be found in the Investor Relations section of our Web site, www.masco.com. With that, I will now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith J. Allman: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Turning to Slide 4. We are pleased to have finished 2014 with a strong fourth quarter. This performance capped of a year where sales grew 4%, an impressive result when considering the tough 2013 comparison we faced where sales were up 9%. We drove year-over-year sales growth of $350 million while holding SG&A nearly flat. This is a testament to our growth strategy as well as our focus on execution and cost containment. We achieved a 10% operating margin for the year. This is a 120 basis point improvement over last year and our best operating margin since 2008, another example of how our discipline around profitable growth and strong operating leverage is paying off. Our full year EPS grew 32% to $1.02 per common share and I would note that this is in spite of the challenges our cabinetry business faced in 2014. Our strong year was characterized by a series of significant accomplishments, as our business strategies yielded measureable results. Let me give you some examples. Delta and Hansgrohe reaffirmed their global plumbing leadership positions by achieving record sales and record profit levels for the year. Our innovative products outperformed in the wholesale and showroom channels and our expansion into adjacent products with Delta branded toilets has augmented our retail results. Behr continued its legacy of awarding winning innovation in the paint aisle with the introduction of its Marquee Interior paint. Not only was Marquee awarded Innovation of the Year by the Home Depot, it was also recently recognized as the number one rated interior paint by an independent third party. Behrs focus on innovation goes beyond product. In late 2014, we introduced a new color selection center at the Home Depot designed to enhance the customer experience when shopping for pain in the aisle. We expect to complete the color center rollout by mid 2015. Behr remains focused on investing behind and growing the Pro paint business and we are working with the Home Depot towards our mutual goal of gallon growth. Our Milgard window business capitalized on increasing R&R demand by introducing new products such as Essence windows and new multi-panel glass doors for this segment resulting in a diversified business mix and expanded margins. Our installation services business not only benefited from the increase in housing starts but also maintained a strong focus on growing its commercial business. Notably, their commercial business in 2014 included work in the Freedom Tower in New York City. These examples demonstrate how our strategies and execution have generated great opportunities and given us momentum as we move into 2015. We complemented our strong operational performance with a new more balanced capital allocation strategy. We declared a 20% increase on our quarterly dividend in 2014 and authorized a new 50 million share repurchase program. In Q4 alone, we bought back 5 million shares or nearly 1.5% of our outstanding stock and well continue executing against this authorization in 2015. Ill now turn the call over to John Sznewajs who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail. John?
John G. Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning everyone. As Irene mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time charges. From a financial and operational perspective, the two themes that characterized our performance in 2014 were one, sales growth driven by customer-focused innovation and two, operating margin expansion resulting from cost control and productivity improvements. This resulted in our best financial performance since 2008 and our 13th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and profit growth. We had a steady fourth quarter as sales increased 3% or 5% excluding the impact of foreign currency translation and 4% in the full year as we recorded strong sales growth in four of our five segments. Despite a difficult comp, the sales were up 9% in both Q4 and for the full year 2013. Sales in North America increased 4% for both the fourth quarter and the full year. As the U.S. economy improves, we are experiencing growing demand for our products across all channels of distribution. As a reminder, repair/remodel activity accounts for about 70% of our total sales. International sales were up 6% in local currency in the quarter and up 4% in local currency for the full year, driven by the strength of our international plumbing in our UK businesses. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted our sales in the fourth quarter by approximately $32 million principally due to a weaker euro compared to the U.S. dollar. Our focus on cost control continues to payoff. As Keith mentioned earlier, we held SG&A dollars essentially flat despite an approximate $350 million increase in revenue as SG&A as a percent of sales decreased 160 basis points to 17.8% for the quarter and declined 80 basis points to 18.4% for the full year. In the fourth quarter, we delivered solid bottom line performance as operating income increased 32% to 202 million with operating margins expanding 210 basis points to 9.8%. For the full year 2014, operating income increased 18% to $851 million with operating margins expanding 120 basis points to 10%. Our strong operating leverage resulted in a 74% incremental margin in the quarter and a 37% incremental margin for the full year. For the fourth quarter, our EPS increased 60% to $0.24 and for the full year increased 32% to $1.02. Turning to Slide 7, our plumbing segment. You can see our plumbing segment delivered just terrific performance in 2014. Full year sales increased 4% driven by growth in faucets and showers, rough plumbing and spas. We saw the greatest strength in our wholesale and showroom customers. This reflects our continued investments in the showroom and commercial segments of this channel. As a result, we are benefiting from a richer mix of products, which is our showroom-focused Brizo faucets and our Highlife spas. Our European businesses grew sales 4% in local currency led by the continued strength of Hansgrohes brand, design and innovation. We delivered strong operating leverage and operating profit growth. A substantial portion of this growth came from increased volume and productivity improvements. Sales in the fourth quarter increased 1%, driven by strong faucet, shower and spa sales partially offset by an unfavorable currency impact of approximately $30 million. Excluding the impact of currency, sales increased 5% in the fourth quarter. We are pleased with our European performance as our international plumbing business grew sales by 5% in local currency, despite a tepid macroeconomic environment. Operating profit increased 20% driven by incremental volume, productivity improvement and favorable price commodity relationship particularly in Europe. As a reminder, our Q1 2015 profitability will be impacted by approximately $3 million due to our participation in a large biennial European trade show. Turning to Slide 8. The Decorative Architectural segment, fourth quarter sales increased 7% driven by the performance of our new Behr Marquee Interior products, growth in our Behr Pro business and the timing of orders at the end of Q3. As you may recall, on our Q3 earnings call, we cited our strong sales in the segment in the early fourth quarter due to the timing of inventory replenishment orders. Liberty Hardware had just a stellar fourth quarter in 2014, as they delivered solid top and bottom line growth through continued share gains from successful new product introductions and program wins in the retail channel. Operating income increased 21% in Q4, due to increased volume and effective cost management, which was partially offset by an unfavorable price/commodity relationship. For the full year, operating profit grew modestly over the prior year, driven by increased volume and productivity improvements, partially offset by an unfavorable price/commodity relationship and an unfavorable mix driven by a growing Bahr Pro paint initiative. As we look forward into 2015 and as we mentioned on our Q3 earnings call, we expect to incur approximately $20 million of investment related to program wins in Liberty Hardware and the previously mentioned investment in the Bahr color solution center at the Home Depot. And at this time, we expect about $20 million of investment and to impact Q1 by about 5 million, Q2 by 7 million, Q3 by 5 million and Q4 by 3 million. Turning to Slide 9. 2014 was a challenging year for our cabinets business. Segment sales declined 3% in Q4 and 1% for the full year, due to execution challenges in our Merillat business and our aggressive pursuit of price and reduction of promotional activity in the retail channel. As a result, our growth in the builder and dealer channels was more than offset by our declines in retail in 2014. We have further work to do to improve this business and expect approximately $10 million of inefficiencies in the first half of 2015, as we complete this activity. Despite these inefficiencies, we have positioned this business to return to profitability in 2015 as we introduce new products at both KraftMaid and Merillat, improve our execution in the Merillat business and recalibrate our pricing and promotional strategies. Turning to Slide 10. Our installation segment sales growth of 7% in both the quarter and the full year was driven by solid results in our residential new construction, commercial and distribution channels. Multi-family activity remains strong and we continue to grow with these customers. And we are beginning to see increased activity from custom builders, which should lead to an improved mix over time. Our efforts to drive productivity and increased volume more than offset raw material price increases and wage inflation as operating profit increased $11 million and we delivered 6.5% operating margins, our best quarterly operating margin in this segment since the third quarter of 2007. Turning to Slide 11, Milgard capped off 2014 with a great fourth quarter as they continued to benefit from a favorable mix shift toward our premium window and door product line. Milgards growth coupled with the growth in our UK Window Company resulted in Q4 segment sales increasing 8%. The segments operating profit declined by 1 million, primarily due to an accrual adjustment of approximately 5 million at one of our window business. A favorable mix shift and continued recovery in our repair/remodel sales in both the U.S. and the UK drove full year sales growth of 10% and operating profit improvement of 17%. Turning to Slide 12, our year-end balance sheet was strong with approximately $1.7 billion of liquidity and our credit metrics are improving. We continued to deliver some of the best working capital results in the industry as working capital as a percent of sales was 10.7% at year end. I want to thank our supply chain operations and finance teams for continuing to drive this great outcome. Finally, capital expenditures as a percent of sales in 2014 were approximately 1.5%, well below our long-term average of 2%. We will see CapEx at more traditional levels in 2015 as we expand an existing distribution facility for our growing Hansgrohe business. Beyond this, we anticipate normal levels of capital investment in the next several years. Turning to Slide 14, as Keith mentioned earlier, we have taken recent initiatives to unlock shareholder value. One of these initiatives was to increase our share repurchase activity. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately 5 million shares for nearly 1.5% of our common stock. We anticipate allocating between $400 million and $500 million to share repurchase activity in 2015. In addition, we increased our dividend to shareholders by 20% last year and we are well positioned to retire between 300 million and 500 million of debt in 2016. That concludes my remarks. I will now turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman: Thank you, John. 2014 was a transformation year for Masco and one in which a tremendous amount of hard work and organizational change took place. Weve made difficult decisions and looking back, Im proud what weve accomplished. We have a new management team that is aligned with our goal of driving incremental shareholder value. We have refined our portfolio and are on track to complete the spinoff of our services business by midyear creating two leading public companies. Weve redefined the role of our corporate office by adopting a lean operating model, which drives decision making down to our business units and increases our effectiveness as an organization. Weve returned capital to the shareholders through our increased dividend and share buyback program, and perhaps most importantly Masco is more focused on the customer now than ever before. We expect that these actions will continue to create value and momentum as we move into 2015. With this renewed focus, we will take full advantage of an improving economic environment. Particularly in North America, we believe that macroeconomic trends will support increased demand for repair and remodel as well as new home construction growth. Outside of North America, as weve demonstrated in 2014, our global businesses can perform even in periods of economic challenges. Overall, we expect to continue our trend of operating margin expansion and strong free cash flow generation, which will enable us to continue to generate solid returns for our shareholders. I want to thank all of our employees for their tenacity and dedication in 2014 and I look forward to our continued great execution in 2015. With that, Id like to turn the call over for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Barclays. Your line is open. Mr. Kim, please check your mute.
Stephen Kim: Sorry about that. Can you hear me okay?
Keith J. Allman: Yes, we can hear you now.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen.
Stephen Kim: Okay, sorry about that. I was curious about the cabinet business. First of all, good job in the quarter; very strong performance given a tough environment. I know in the cabinet business you talked about the fact that dealer and retail were challenging and you also mentioned that Merillat had some inefficiencies. I generally think about KraftMaid as your dealer business and since you didnt mention inefficiencies in KraftMaid, I was wondering if that might give us perhaps a better look at how things are trending in the cabinet business without maybe the noise from the inefficiencies. So can you talk a little bit about the trends youre seeing there? Are you seeing improving margins year-on-year or sequentially are you seeing improving trends in terms of the mix there? Anything you can shed regarding how that segment of your cabinet business is doing.
Keith J. Allman: Stephen, 2014  this is Keith. 2014 was a challenging year for us in cabinets. We executed difficult but important initiatives for that business and we fell short of our commitment in terms of customer service, particularly on lead time and fill rates. That was focused and contained in the Merillat supply chain. We think that that did cause some issues for us in the dealer business, but we put a focus on bringing back our performance in terms of fill rates and lead times to that dealer base. So weve fixed our customer service in that, but we did pay a price for that in the dealer business. In terms of the retail issues that we faced, were committed as weve talked in other calls to being a leader and resetting the promotional environment. We did that. We are a little bit too aggressive, I think, and weve adjusted that and were continuing to make adjustments in that or seeing good results. So primarily on the dealer side, our issues were focused around the Merillat issues that weve had. And again, weve addressed the customer issues. We dont believe that we lost dealers but rather share of wallet as we were working on the fixes. We have the fixes behind us and now were driving to get the cost out and return this business to profitability in '15
John G. Sznewajs: Stephen, you asked some trends  I think piece of question there among  related to trends as well as some mix issues. So just to reset and make sure everyones clear. KraftMaid product, this holds both through the dealer channel as well as big box retailers. And our Merillat offering is sold through dealer network and principally to builder-oriented customers. And so as we take a look at the trends at retail, as Keith alluded to earlier, we did see a little bit slowdown in our retail business in 2014. That said, we have introduced some new products to address some of the issues and as Keith mentioned, we have recalibrated our pricing and promotional activity. So we anticipate trends to continue to pick up. Now that said, the other thing that we are beginning to see also is a little bit of a trend in refinancing activity recently, which historically is supported big ticket repair/remodel activity. It may take a little bit of time to play out in the marketplace but from a historical perspective, when people refinance their homes, generally that turns out to be favorable for us of our big ticket products. In terms of mix, a little bit of higher ASP or average selling price that were seeing particularly on the retail and dealer side of our business, but its been a trend thats only been occurring for a short period of time. I wouldnt want extrapolate that too far just yet.
Stephen Kim: Okay, great. Thats very helpful. Thanks for that. I guess my second question relates to your corporate expense. It was a very strong performance there or good cost control, I would say, and yet when you know that there were some challenges in 2014 and so typically one might think that you would see maybe lower than normal kind of run rate in corporate when you look at the fourth quarter on year-end comp and that kind of thing. Can you give us a sense for what we saw in the fourth quarter whether that was affected with some quarter specific year-end type compensation issues that we should not expect going forward, or is what we saw in the fourth quarter pretty indicative of what we can expect going forward into '15? Thanks very much.
John G. Sznewajs: Stephen, I would tell you that the fourth quarter is a little bit lower than we would expect normally going forward into 2015 and beyond. We had about $21 million of general corporate expense in the fourth quarter. I would say we did experience slightly lower variable count than we experienced in 2013. And then we also had a little bit of favorable experience on the insurance side in the fourth quarter as well, which drove that number a little bit lower. So going forward, because of the cost reductions that we announced on September 30 that will impact the corporate office, I think youll see our general corporate expense average more in the $100 million range than the  at this rate, itd be $80 million based on what we put forth in Q4. So, I think about $100 million is the right general range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie Capital. Your line is open.
Mike Wood: Hi. Congratulations on the quarter. Can you give us an update on where you ended the year in 2014 from a net productivity standpoint and if you had benefited at all from any of the planned restructuring benefits in the fourth quarter?
John G. Sznewajs: Mike, its John. Yes, we fell a little bit short of our goal on net productivity for the full year at about minus 6 million or so compared to we thought wed get back to kind of a neutral position for the full year. So some good experience in Q4 and we really thought we could get there. We just fell a little bit short by driving some good productivity improvement in the last part of the year. Whats the second part of your question again, Mike?
Mike Wood: Just in terms of any  the restructuring tailwinds that you discussed for 2015 if any of that actually came through yet in the fourth quarter?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, you can see our restructuring tailwinds in two spots, one youll see it in our general corporate expense and I think we addressed that just on the prior question. And then youll see a little bit of that also flow through and favorably impact some of the segment because some of the folks that we separated with in September were allocated to our business units.
Mike Wood: Thanks. Are you able to give any update on January sales trends?
Keith J. Allman: Well, were starting to see a mixed bag when you look at it. Weve had some regions and pockets that have been affected by a little bit of weather. Were seeing a bit of slow down in the Texas market. But when you look at the overall market for us, we always see puts and takes on a regional or on a city-by-city or region basis. When you look at the full year, were excited about how we expect 2015 to unfold. Were looking at from a new construction standpoint in the low teens increase. When we look at R&R, we still continue to think that well be in the GDP plus 2 range, which should put us in about 4% to 5% growth rate. So there are a number of indicators around the fundamental drivers of our business that we like. Consumer discretionary income is up. Theres good job growth. We like the employment numbers. Consumer confidence is high. As John spoke, were seeing a nice pace of home refinancing, which bodes well for us particularly on the bigger ticket items. So were positive about 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Dahl: Hi. Thanks. Nice job on the quarter particularly with the margin performance. Im wondering if you could elaborate on the comments around the pricing and promotional activity and was that a situation where you pulled back, you reduced promotions or increased price and the market held steady, or did you actually see increased promotional activity from your competitors?
Keith J. Allman: As weve talked in the past, we strategically decided to take a leadership position in resetting and driving changes in this area. I would say when we look at the market by and large, there has been an overall reduction in the promotion activity. What were doing is getting creative to try to find the elastic point here and Im talking specifically in cabinets. And I think in hindsight, we were perhaps a little bit aggressive. The good news is as we tweak our promotional strategies, we see good results. So we feel good about  as I said, we feel good looking at the year about how were going to drive the cabinet business.
Michael Dahl: Got it, thanks. And second question relating to paint margins, I think that one saw kind of an unusual uptick sequentially in margins, obviously its very strong there even against seasonally lower volume. So was there anything that you would note as far as deferral of expenses or benefits that you may have been seeing from an input cost perspective or how we should think about that over the next couple of quarters?
John G. Sznewajs: Mike, its John. No, we didnt  in terms of the comp compared to the fourth quarter of last year, you may recall in the fourth quarter of '13 we experienced higher advertising cost to the tune of about $6 million, which made for a relatively easy comparison although we did not incur that same amount in the fourth quarter this year. As it relates to pricing activity or commodity inflation activity, at this point no. As a matter of fact, it was still unfavorable for us in the fourth quarter and for the full year. So, no real benefit from commodity relief at this point.
Michael Dahl: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First question I had was just going back to cabins for a moment, Keith. Youve obviously been in the CEO spot for about a year now, a little more and if Im hearing it right, maybe Im not hearing it right. It seems a little contradictory in terms of some of the comments youve made in terms of saying that youve worked out some of the issues with the dealer channel in terms of service rates but yet you still see challenges, at least that was the press release. You also expect some of these inefficiencies to drag into the first half of the year. So I was hoping if you could maybe provide a little bit greater level of granularity in terms of number one, whats going on with the ERP implementation? Where you are with that? And why do you expect or why are these inefficiencies continuing into the first half? And maybe create a little bit of a path in terms of some of the putts and takes from a cost perspective in terms of why you expect to get to profitability in '15?
Keith J. Allman: The increase in inefficiency issues that weve talked about are focused on the Merillat supply chain. We put in the ERP system and that was a rough implementation for us. And unfortunately we let down our customer with regards to providing the industry-leading lead times and fill rates that theyre used to. The management team made the decision, the right decision to focus on the customer and get back to those industry-leading lead times and fill rates and weve done that. So call it the reoccurring expense, if you will, or the issues that we faced going forward in 2015 are to pull out those cost that we have in the system that we put in to meet the customer requirements. So the ERP system is in, were back to our industry-leading fill rates and lead times. And now this year were working specifically with detailed work streams to pull those cost out. You asked I think for some examples, Michael, were working on labor efficiency. We have strong work streams on material usage variance and material yields. Were working our scrap rates. Theres a full program management structure that we have to drive this business to profitability and were focused on it. This cabinet business represents about 10% of our overall portfolio and its a focus of ours to fix it. And importantly were also focused on extending the momentum of the other 90% of our portfolio thats operating quite well.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. I appreciate that, Keith. Second question turning to a bright spot in plumbing where you had a nice step up function now for a couple of years in margins there. And I think a quarter or two ago, you increased the lets say medium-term outlook for profitability to be in the mid teens versus the low teens. I was wondering if thats still the case and if we continue to see volume growth, you expect to continue to see a little bit of incremental  positive incremental margins and that mid teens rate is still achievable in the near to medium term?
Keith J. Allman: Id tell you Im pleased with the plumbing performance. Theres no question about it. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we had a record sales and a record profit year for both Hansgrohe and Delta and were seeing nice mix where our targeted new products and introductions like Hansgrohe Select functionality and a number of new products that Delta has launched in the showroom channel. If you happen to make it out at the show in Las Vegas, you saw the buzz around the booth, we have some good momentum there. So Im pleased with those margins. We also have some challenges as we go forward. We talked about the exchange rate out there that could give us some potential headwinds. The commodity basket for us there is really its too early to tell how that is going to shake out in the year. So net of when I look at the segment, Im very pleased with the margins. The mid  maybe mid to high take on this segment is probably a good place to be, mid to high teens.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nishu Sood: Thanks. First question I wanted to ask was on the share repurchase program, exciting to see one of the major planks of the strategic restructuring coming through now, 5 million in the fourth quarter and you mentioned that that pace will continue, so a pretty significant allocation of cash. And my question around that was how should we view this going forward? I mean there was a period in Mascos history during the last housing recovery when a lot of  the excess cash was basically swept to share repurchases. It really accumulated over the years and was a major plank in cash distribution. How should we view this as '15? Is this an effort just to  because theres excess liquidity right now that theres an opportunity here in '15 or is it more like that earlier period when excess cash will continue to be swept over the next few years into share repurchases?
Keith J. Allman: Weve talked in the past about our capital allocation strategy and we havent changed that. I mean first and foremost, funding our business and investing in brand innovation and growth. Were going to do that. Were going to continue to do that. Weve talked about paying down debt in the range of $300 million to $500 million over the next couple of years, were going to do that. And of course weve talked a lot about returning capital to the shareholders with our increase in the dividend and our share buyback program. We expect to spend in the range of 400 million to 500 million in 2015 in share buyback. And then weve also talked about smaller acquisitions and were looking at that. Theyll be bolt-on acquisitions through our existing platform. So given the strong cash flow of this business that its historically had and certainly we intend to continue to have, we can accomplish all of these strategies. So its a balanced capital allocation approach is how Id characterize it.
Nishu Sood: Got it, okay. And second question, on the Pro paint initiative in Behr, certainly something that weve been hearing about in recent times from you folks and an exciting initiative for us. Obviously, a big effort at the builder show recently. When can we expect to get more detail on that number wise? How big thats grown on the growth rates? What you might be targeting on that? Is that something we can look forward to at the Investor Day perhaps or when will we get more detail on that?
Keith J. Allman: Thats surely our intention. In the Investor Day in May, well be giving more detail and talk more about our strategies and the milestones that we expect to hit as a result of those strategies.
Nishu Sood: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Thanks for all of the details and taking my question. Congratulations on the year. I guess my first question, Keith, goes back to cabinets. If we move from Merillat to  it sounds like on the retail side you said you were trying to be a leader on promotion and pricing, you felt you did a good job of that, maybe you were too aggressive, you tweaked your strategy and youre happy with the results I think Im paraphrasing that relatively well. With the tweaks at a margin level that was sufficiently profitable for you or will the tweaks in your promotional activity require you to find other costs within the retail portion of your business to get margins to an adequate level? And then I had a follow-on unrelated to that.
Keith J. Allman: As you know, we dont talk specifically about margins and pricing in specific channels, specific customers but Id tell you that the tweaks that weve done in this channel are productive for us and theyre profitable.
George Staphos: Okay, I appreciate that. And then secondly in Decorative Art, can you talk at all about the implications from the $20 million investment, what it means perhaps as we try to think about margin trends either percentage margins or dollar profit margins for '15 versus very good performance in '14? And how important is the new, call it mixing center relative to the Pro initiative? Is it purely driven by the DIY consumer? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Keith J. Allman: Thank you. Our paint strategy is to have the best product, the best brand and to deliver it to the consumer with the best customer experience and were doing that. We talked about the product and the recent awards weve been given both by Home Depot and an independent third party. Clearly, we have the best DIY brand in the industry and on a customer experience and merchandizing perspective, were working together with the Home Depot to invest, so that experience in the aisle is good as it can. Ill tell you on the color selection center, as were launching it, we like what were seeing. Behrs representation in that color selection center has gone from 18 feet to 24 feet, so thats real powerful for us. In terms of the margin in this segment, we continue to think about it as high teens. Were working together with the Home Depot to grow the Pro paint segment and you have to really look at this  at least I choose to look at this in totality in the segment and all of this work that were doing to build the brand, to build the customer experience, it all helps with our Pro initiative as does the 140 Pro reps that we have out in the field that are driving this business together with the Home Depot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Philip Ng: Good morning. It appears youre addressing the issues around cabinets, which appear to be waning but can you give us a sense how youll be tracking relative to the market in 2015 going forward? And do you expect incremental margins returning back, like a mid 30% range in the back half of this year?
John G. Sznewajs: Phil, as we work through the inefficiencies as we talked about earlier and get the business back on track, we do expect this business to drop kind of the 30% to 35% incremental that weve experienced historically. Obviously, we did much better than that in '13 and as were going through a growth phase and coming off the bottom, we pulled back a little bit on that in 2014. But theres nothing fundamental to this business. Its changed the margin profile of the business and its contribution margin.
Philip Ng: Got you. And when you think about price cuts in 2015, especially with this pullback in energy prices, can you quantify what the potential tailwind could be especially on the Decorative side, just looking back in 2009 when petrochemical prices did rollover, you saw a pretty nice uptick on the margins front for your Decorative business?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, so it is a little bit different environment. As we look across all the commodities that we buy enterprise wide, there are a fairly number of puts and takes, as Keith alluded to earlier. On the plumbing side, weve seen some of the base metal; some are up, some have softened a little bit. Hardwoods has definitely experienced some inflation there along with installation. On the petrochemical side and the impact it has on paint, theres really over the course last couple of years been a disconnect between the price of crude oil and the price of natural gas. As I mentioned, natural gas has a big impact on the inputs to paint as well. And so while we have not seen really deflation in our input costs at this time, so its really hard to say how this is going to play out throughout 2015 until we see where oil really lands for the year and if the feedstocks that go into paint actually do come down in price.
Philip Ng: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith J. Allman: Keith, you might be on mute.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Armstrong with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
James Armstrong: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the international sales side. I know its only about 19% of your mix, but could you help get a better handle around the sensitivity to the changing currencies, especially the euro? And could you give us a little more detail about how the international regions are doing? In order words, wheres doing well and where isnt.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, James. So a couple of questions in there. Just in terms on the top line, whats going well? As youd expect Western Europe for us that include the UK, Germany and Switzerland and France, they should perform reasonably well for us and this was a big part of our sales originally. But then as you look at the various pockets that we see, were seeing some signs of life finally in Southern Europe but thats coming off a very low bottom, so not hugely excited about that growth opportunity but at least its not declining any more. We have seen a little bit of pullback as you might imagine in Russia and the Ukraine just given the political environment thats there. Weve seen very good strength elsewhere. The Far East has done very well for us, Middle East weve performed well. So a lot of good other areas of the world outside of Russia and Ukraine. In terms of the impact on our profit as a result of currency movement and this is really principally the euro as the biggest impact on both our revenue and our profit. If you think about a $0.10 movement in the euro, thats roughly $15 million, $16 million of impact from an operating profit perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Garik Shmois: Thank you. I have a question on the installed business, good operating leverage in the quarter. Highlighted a couple factors is driving top line growth, commercial was highlighted as well as maybe your resumption in demand from production builders. Just wondering if you can provide maybe a little bit more color just on the incremental margin growth in that business in the fourth quarter and just how sustainable that trend is as you look out to 2015?
John G. Sznewajs: It was a little bit higher than we would customarily expect to see in that segment. Typically, we see incremental margins in that segment in the 25% area on a quarterly basis or on an annual basis. And it did benefit from some productivity improvements clearly that they saw. They also benefited from a little bit lower insurance experience in the fourth quarter as well. Thats really what kind of drove the incremental there and we did have a little bit  there was some price increases that came through from the installation manufacturers and they were able to get a little bit tailwind from that as well.
Garik Shmois: Okay, thanks for that. And my follow up is just around the comment earlier around recent trends in the state of Texas just starting to see a slow down. Just wondering how material Texas is to the U.S. business just given that that state has been so instrumental to driving at least the initial phase of the U.S. construction recovery?
John G. Sznewajs: Texas is about 16% of total starts in the United States and its kind of an unusual state because if you think about those single-family, multi-family breakdown of that state, unlike kind of the 30%, 35% single-family as a percent of total starts, Texas is closer to 45%. And so its driven much more heavily by multi-family and lower end homes and then theres kind of a bifurcation. There are some obviously large homes as well. So, we feel that even if starts went down 5% in that market, thats really only 8,000 starts, not a significant impact on the overall business.
Keith J. Allman: I think of it in terms of our segments and when you look at our two big segments of plumbing and paint, those segments tend to be less sensitive to the regional variability that we can see. People in Houston are still painting their houses or still replacing their faucets, et cetera. When you look at our window business, we have a new factory and were developing that market, were growing very nicely down in Texas and were going to continue to watch where that demand goes and insure that we ramp that capacity up consistent with it. And installation, as John mentioned, we are tied into new construction there but at 160,000 or so starts in Texas with a good portion of those being multifamily in the grand scheme of things, we dont see it as being particularly material. Again, looking at the full year across the market, were positive about 2015 with new construction growth in the low teen range and R&R growth in that 4% to 5% range. And I think importantly, we worked our business and have our capacity in line to be able to meet this demand without a significant injection of capital. In other words, we dont have to put in capital and were not faced with inefficiencies that can sometime arise when you make capacity increases. So we like how weve positioned the business and we like the macros.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Dennis McGill: Hi. Good morning. Just continuing on that, if you could go back to the comment about seeing some weakness, can you just be more specific on it, Keith? Is that in new construction or model site and what specifically are you seeing that leaves you to call that out?
Keith J. Allman: Yes, just a little bit of hiccups as they talk to our guys that our down in our branches down there that it slowed down a little bit in the new construction side. Again, I think its over a short period of time and as I mentioned, these pockets or ups and downs occur across the country. Were focused on the total market.
Dennis McGill: So thats coming from your installation services branches?
Keith J. Allman: Yes.
Dennis McGill: Okay. All right, thats it. Thank you.
Keith J. Allman: Thanks, Dennis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Robert Wetenhall: Keith, nice way to cap a great first year. Wanted to dig in a little bit on paint. I think John had said that you had 8 million of promotional investment in the fourth quarter and I wanted to see if that money was spent or deferred because you got very good performance?
John G. Sznewajs: Bob, a portion of that was spent in the fourth quarter.
Robert Wetenhall: But the full 8 million or --
John G. Sznewajs: No, less than that. The number off the top of my head is closer I think to 4.
Robert Wetenhall: Okay. And then on the raw side and I think some people have touched on this. Could you talk about your hedging in the pain and decorative architectural and also when do you think you would start to see the benefit of lower raw costs and how that will flow through the P&L?
John G. Sznewajs: Bob, we dont hedge input costs on paint, we only hedge on our plumbing products, so copper and zinc is where we have our hedges. As I mentioned earlier, we have not seen any benefit yet from lower raw material input cost in the paint as of this time. If we were to experience that, it would take about a full quarter before that impact would flow through and hit our P&L. Just between  we have an inventory in between the supply chain that weve got, it would take about that long to hit the income statement.
Robert Wetenhall: And obviously you guys have spent a lot of time investing behind the paint business. How do you think about gallon growth heading into 2015?
Keith J. Allman: We feel good about it. As I mentioned, best product, best brand, best merchandizing, those are all going in our direction and with this new color center, we feel real good about it where weve rolled this color center out, Bob, weve seen good performance. So on that side of the house, the core of the business, feel very good. On the growth side of the business, were growing very nicely with the Home Depot. We continue to invest behind it. As I mentioned, 140 plus reps out in the market driving that Pro business, so feel going about it.
Robert Wetenhall: Cool. And if I could just sneak one more in. It looks like youre sharply increasing share repurchase activity. How should we think about year-end share count and whats kind of driving the decision to accelerate share repurchases? Thanks and good luck.
John G. Sznewajs: In that regard, were buying our shares back a little bit on the opportunistic basis. As the share price moves up and down, we need to go in a little bit heavier in the market or pullback. Right now, we have not given any guidance in terms of what we think the year-end share count  I think for modeling purposes, I would just assume a pro rata purchase across the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs with Baird. Your line is open.
Tim Wojs: Good morning, everybody. Just I think, Keith, earlier you mentioned low teens new construction growth and about 4% to 5% repair/remodel growth. Just given some of the comparability relative to last year with the weather and in Q1, could you give us a little bit of color how you think the pace of that growth materializes through the year?
Keith J. Allman: Historically, our business has been softer in the first and fourth quarter a little bit and in the middle of the year is where we tend to see a little bit more robust volume given our space. I think that will continue this year. With regards to  we certainly had very difficult weather in Q1 of last year trying to peg how material that tailwind will be is difficult. As I mentioned earlier, I believe weve always seen some incremental weather here. Were experiencing some more as we speak and I dont know what old man winter is going to deal us here in the next six weeks. So, it remains to be seen.
Tim Wojs: Okay, thats helpful. And then I just want to make sure I understand just the cabinets, the level of profitability maybe in 2015. So, there were $35 million of ERP inefficiencies in 2014. I think there should be about 10 million in 2015. So net, that 25 million, does that go away and then I guess should we layer on top of that just the normal 25% to 30% incremental profitability in the cabinets business for '15?
John G. Sznewajs: Thats where you should be thinking about that segment, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard: Thank you. In terms of the cabinet sales momentum and market share momentum, I understand that youre managing or tweaking your promotional efforts but could you talk a little bit about how you think youre performing from a market share perspective and even how orders are behaving and the volume outlook looks in that business as we go into 2015?
Keith J. Allman: Its really difficult as weve talked in the past to peg the size of the market particularly on a quarterly basis. We believe the market is going to grow with a combination of the repair and remodeling tailwinds that weve talked about and certainly in new construction. Eric, what was your follow-on question, Im sorry.
Eric Bosshard: Just trying to understand even as youve managed, we saw some promotional efforts as youre managing through that at 4Q, if youre seeing any benefit in terms of orders as we move into 2015 in that business? If theres anything notable going on, on the order line.
Keith J. Allman: From an overall industry order perspective, its what we would expect. There hasnt been a material change from how the industry has been performing, what wed expect given the seasonality. In terms of the productivity of our tweaks and our promotion, theyve worked out very nicely for us.
Eric Bosshard: And then secondly, just to dig, I understand your comment on January and 1Q seasonally as a slower period, but is there anything youre seeing in the business, the 5% organic growth in 4Q is a pretty good number. Is there anything that youre seeing in 1Q or we should be aware of in 1Q that would materially change the overall growth rate of the business?
Keith J. Allman: No, I think its right in there with what we see historically when you factor in the seasonality on a quarter-by-quarter basis. And importantly for us, were looking at the full year and weve measured it  we drive this business on a yearly basis and were very excited about '15. The macros that we have in new construction and the good traction of R&R and all the signals were seeing and the indicators are the fundamental driver for the business, so we feel good about '15.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for today. We thank you for your participation on todays conference call. We have now concluded. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Tasi - Director, Investor Relations Keith Allman - President and Chief Executive Officer John Sznewajs - VP, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Stephen East - ISI Group Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse Keith Hughes - SunTrust Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets George Staphos - Bank of America Phil Ng - Jefferies Tim Wojs - Robert W. Baird Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Rob Hansen - Deutsche Bank Stephen Kim - Barclays Mike Wood - Macquarie Megan McGrath - MKM Partners
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Third Quarter 2014 Conference Call. My name is Steve and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Irene Tasi. Irene, you may begin.
Irene Tasi: Thank you, Steve, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion on our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. As a reminder, we would appreciate it if you could limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to contact me directly at 313-792-5500. I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Any references to operating profit, earnings per share or cash flow on today's call will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted, with a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our quarterly press release and presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 4. Consistent with our performance throughout the year, Masco delivered another quarter of revenue and margin growth. I'm pleased with this performance, particularly when you consider the tough comparisons we faced. Recall that in the third quarter of 2013, our topline increased by 12% and our operating profit margin expanded by 260 basis points. Despite this tough comparison, we increased our topline in this quarter by 4% and expanded our profit margin by 60 basis points. This represents the best third quarter we've had since 2007. As a result of this performance, we achieved 15% growth in EPS to $0.31 per common share. I would note that unfortunate higher medical costs and other expenses cost us $0.01 per share in the quarter. Our performance was primarily driven by Plumbing Products, Other Specialty, and Installation and Services segments. Similar to last quarter, our plumbing and windows businesses experienced strong sales and favorable mix primarily in the trade and showroom channel. In North America, the investments we've made in new products and programs continue to pay off. Delta achieved a record sales quarter in Q3. We are very pleased with our Delta toilet program, which has sold over 0.5 million units in less than two years. This is just one example of how our consumer-focused innovations and strong brands continue to drive growth. Despite a softening Eurozone, our international businesses fared well. Hansgrohe, for example, continued their strong execution and achieved yet another record sales quarter. In total, our international sales were up 5% in the quarter, 3% in local currency. I'm extremely proud of both teams and congratulate them on their exceptional execution. Our Installation business delivered another quarter of solid growth by capitalizing on new home construction trends and executing on their strategy to diversify their business into the commercial and retrofit channels. As we announced last month, our teams are working on the spin-off transaction of this business and it remains on track to be completed by mid-year 2015. As I previously communicated, our Cabinets segment's turnaround is the top priority. In the quarter, we took additional actions to improve the future performance of this business. Our industry-leading lead times are a hallmark of our Merillat brand and we have made the necessary investments to meet that brand promise. We also announced the closure of two idle facilities in the business as we're confident that we can meet our growth plans without this capacity. Despite our near-term challenges in cabinetry, our overall company performance reinforces that our strategies are working. We'll continue to execute and invest in innovation, customer-focused programs and brand to drive our business. Let me give you some examples of how we continue to lead the industry with innovation. The Home Depot awarded Behr its Innovation of the Year Award for Marquee interior. And the EPA named Delta its 2014 WaterSense Partner of the Year for the third time in four years. Before I turn the call over to John, I'd like to leave you with three key takeaways. Number one, we have taken important action at Cabinets to make the business more competitive in the long term. These actions have resulted in cost variances that were higher than expected, but necessary for the turnaround of the business. We have restored our lead times in Q3 and are positioning this business for growth in 2015. Number two, I'm pleased with the overall performance in the third quarter. We posted our strongest third quarter for the company since 2007 and I feel very good about that.  Number three, our focus on our strategic initiatives is paying off. We are being recognized as industry leaders in innovation by our customers and we are executing successfully despite fluid macroeconomic environments in both Europe and North America. Now I'd like to turn the call over to John who will take you through our segments from a financial and operational perspective.
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Irene mentioned, my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time charges. Looking at the third quarter, you can see our consistent execution resulted in our 12th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and profit growth. Sales increased 4% as we recorded strong sales growth in three of our five segments and we're up against very good performance in the third quarter of the last year. Sales in North America were up 4% for the quarter. As the US economy improves, we are experiencing growing demand for our repair and remodeling and new home construction products. As a reminder, repair/remodel activity represents approximately 70% of our total sales. International sales increased 3% in local currency in the quarter, driven by core market growth of our international plumbing business and our UK businesses. Our focus on cost control continues to pay off as SG&A as a percent of sales decreased 50 basis points to 17.7% as compared to the third quarter of last year. And we delivered strong bottomline performance as operating income increased 9% in the quarter to $243 million with operating margins expanding 60 basis points to 10.9%. We continue to be pleased with the growth in our operating margins. This is one of our best quarters in several years and it reflects the benefits of our brand strength, innovation pipeline, operating leverage and efforts to reduce costs. Our strong operating leverage resulted in 26% incremental margins in the quarter and our EPS was $0.31, an improvement of $0.04 or 15% compared to the third quarter of last year. Turning to Slide 7, we see the components of our operating income improvement in the quarter. The $7 million increase in net volume mix was principally driven by increased volume in our decorative architectural, plumbing and installation segments largely due to increased repair/remodel activity and continued recovery in new home construction. This strength was partially offset by negative mix in our decorative architectural segment due to stronger Pro paint sales. Net price commodity improved approximately $11 million for the third quarter, largely driven by our Cabinets, Installation, Other Specialty and Plumbing segments. This improvement was partially offset by an unfavorable relationship in the Decorative Architectural segment. We captured $42 million of profit improvements gross in the quarter. These improvements were partially offset by program support, growth initiative spend and inefficiencies in our cabinet operation. For 2014, we expect to generate $150 million of profit improvements gross, similar to what we have delivered on average for each of the last five years, largely coming from continuous improvement in supply chain work. We are reducing our estimate of the annual benefit from $10 million to approximately flat due to the growth investments and incremental cost we incurred in our cabinet business and other expenses. Turn to Slide 8, you can see we delivered another quarter of solid performance in our Plumbing segment, with sales increasing 4%, driven by growth in our faucets and showers, rough plumbing and spas. We saw the greatest strength in our wholesale, showroom and dealer customers. This reflects our continued investments in the showroom and commercial segments of this channel. And as a result, we are benefiting from a richer mix of products. For example, our Hansgrohe Select line, our showroom-focused Brizo faucets and our Highlife spas, all continued to outperform in the quarter. Our European business experienced modest gains with sales increasing 2% in local currency despite soft economic conditions. And we delivered strong operating leverage with nearly 50% incremental margins in the quarter with a substantial portion of this coming from increased volume and productivity improvements. Turning to Slide 9, you can see that we are flat in the Decorative Architectural segment in the third quarter. As a reminder, we were up against tough comparisons. Our Q3 2013 performance in the segment was extremely strong with revenue up over 9% over 2012 when we successfully launched Marquee exterior and DECKOVER. In Q3 of this year, we successfully completed the rollout of Behr Marquee interior product, which was awarded Home Depot's innovation of the year. Segment sales were favorably impacted by $6 million of load in sales of this product. In addition, our focused approach on speeding our Pro business continues to gain momentum. And Liberty Hardware had another strong quarter, achieving solid top and bottomline growth through continued share gains from successful new product introductions and program expansions in the retail channel. Offsetting this growth was the timing of replenishment orders for Behr products at the end of Q3, which we believe reduced Q3 sales by $10 million to $15 million. Behr is now seeing strong replenishment orders here in October. Operating margins contracted slightly in the quarter, primarily due to unfavorable price commodity relationship, driven by increased material cost and unfavorable mix driven by our Pro initiative. We also incurred approximately $3 million of expense relating to the rollout of Behr's new color center displays at The Home Depot in select markets in North America. As we continue this rollout in Q4 and in 2015, we expect additional color center expense of approximately $3 million in the fourth quarter, approximately $11 million in 2015, the majority of which will be realized in the first half of the year. Also, the incremental advertising expense of $5 million was delayed from Q3 and we will now incur this expense in the fourth quarter of this year. Turning to our Cabinets segment on Slide 10, you can see our Cabinet segment sales grew 2% in the third quarter. Sales increased due to a favorable mix and strong international performance. Within North America, we saw improved sales in the dealer channel as our recently introduced [ph] Kraft Advantage program gained traction. It is critical that we restart our lead times and to do so effectively and quickly. As Keith mentioned a few minutes ago, our lead times are back to industry-leading standards. In doing so, we incurred additional costs that impacted our profitability in the quarter. We estimate that total charges due to the plant closure, ERP implementation and the associated inefficiencies of these initiatives in this segment will aggregate approximately $35 million in 2014, $10 million each in Q1 and Q2, $8 million in Q3 and approximately $7 million in the fourth quarter. Furthermore, we took action this quarter to sell our two builder-focused mothballed chemistry plants that make Merillat product. As we reviewed our capacity, we determined that we did not need these facilities. This resulted in a one-time rationalization charge of $28 million. We expect annual savings from this action of approximately $3 million. Turning to Installation on Slide 11, the segment sales growth of 8% was driven by solid results in our residential new construction, commercial and distribution channels. Multi-family activity remains strong and we're seeing improved mix with increased activity from custom builders. Our operating profit improved $1 million of 5% compared to the third quarter of last year as a result of increased volume and our favorable price commodity relationship that was offset by wage inflation and approximately $4 million and one-time increased medical and other insurance-related expenses. Turning to Slide 12, our Other Specialty Products segment sales increased 8%, driven by North American window business as we experienced continued favorable mix shift towards our premium window into our product lines. Our European window business also positively contributed to this segment's top and bottomline due to continued improvement in the UK remodeling market. The segment's operating profit rose 25% due to favorable mix and increased volume as a result of the stronger remodeling environment. And turning to Slide 13, our balance sheet strengthened in the quarter as a result of the reversal of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance. We were able to reverse the valuation allowance because of our continued profitable growth and our improving outlook for our business. Working capital as a percent of sales came in at 12.7%, a 20 basis sequential improvement from the second quarter of this year. I want to thank our supply chain, operations and finance teams for driving this great outcome. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.6 billion of balance sheet liquidity and our credit metrics continue to improve. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith Allman: Thank you, John. Moving to Slide 15, before going to Q&A, I'd like to highlight what we're doing to drive our business going forward. We are continuing to focus on strengthening our brands through customer-driven innovation. This is not only driving share gains for us, but it's also strengthening our strategic relationships with key customers. Cost control continues to be a critical part of our strategy going forward. This enables us to expand margins as we convert increased volume with strong operating leverage. Fixing Cabinets is the top priority. We have taken the necessary actions to position the business for improved performance. With regards to our capital allocation strategy, we will continue to execute going forward as we're confident in the long-term prospect of our business and our ability to drive shareholder value. Our strong performance this quarter reflects our continued execution against our strategic priorities to drive the full potential of our businesses, to leverage opportunities across our businesses and to actively manage our portfolio. We are confident that this will lead to increased shareholder value and position Masco for even greater growth. With that, I'd like to open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Garik Shmois from Longbow Research.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Just wondering, first off, if you could just talk high level with respect to the cadence of R&R over the course of the quarter? I think coming out of the second quarter, you're still seeing stronger growth in the lower ticket items, seeing better mix on the higher ticket items. Most of the growth has come from low ticket. Is that still the case in the third quarter? If you could just talk about some of the variances, that'll be great.
Keith Allman: We continue to see our R&R growth fairly steady from what we've seen in the last quarter. And going forward, we look at it approximately GDP plus 2, in that range. With regards to the demand as it relates to smaller ticket versus bigger ticket, again very similar to last quarter. We're seeing good volume on the opening price points in our retail channel on the higher end. Bigger ticket items, we're seeing good wholesale and showroom volume. So I would characterize our R&R volume as being constant with what we saw last quarter.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Now that we have several weeks since you've announced the results of your strategic review, I just wonder if you can maybe provide a little bit more color around the $30 million to $40 million worth of cost savings that you previously announced and what the timing of the rollout of the cost savings program is going to look like in the P&L?
Keith Allman: As we implement that, we expect our run rate post-spend to be in terms of corporate SG&A in the range of $100 million.
John Sznewajs: Our general corporate expense has been running in the range of $30 million to $35 million a quarter. Maybe you saw here in the third quarter that on adjusted basis that came down to $22 million. It's probably a little light just given the rationalization charges and the severance charges that we incurred in the third quarter, because all the action was taken on September 30th. So as Keith mentioned just a minute ago, going forward, I think what you should expect to see from us is a general corporate expense number in the circa $100 million range on an annual basis with a little bit of ups and downs on an individual quarter basis. Now that said, we really wont get to that run rate until this spin is executed. So between now and then, we will continue to experience some additional severance cost each quarter as we have some people staying through to help us with the spin. And secondly, we will be incurring $10 million a quarter in spin related costs that will be running through general corporate expense as well. So I think in the near term, it'll stay in that $30 million to $35 million. We'll see the benefits starting in the third quarter of next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East from ISI Group.
Stephen East - ISI Group: Looking at your Plumbing, the sustainability of your out margin as you move forward, you've turned in some great results. And I know in the past, you've talked about expecting those to come down. As you look out over the next year or two years, what would you expect the trajectory to be? How quickly do you think that's coming down, because it stayed up much better than what we thought?
Keith Allman: A big determinant of that is our mix and where the growth in the global market comes. As we've seen higher growth in emerging markets, that mix tends to be a little bit more dilutive. Also a significant contributor would be the growth rate of our adjacent products as we expand into other areas of the bath in North America. That bath is also a lower margin play for us, but good return on our investments. So the key determiner on our sustainability, if you will, on those margins in that space is the growth rate around category expansion and the growth rate in emerging markets, both of which is our focus and both tend to be a little bit lower margin.
Stephen East - ISI Group: And then looking at Cabinets, I know coming into this quarter you thought you'd have about $5 million in incremental costs and then be done with it. You're now looking at between this quarter and next quarter about $15 million. Could you just talk a bit more expansively about what you're doing now versus what you thought you would do a quarter ago? And watched your mixes with your dealer profitability we would have expected that to give you a bit of a bump and that didn't occur either. So maybe just give us some color on what's actually happening there.
Keith Allman: We made a decision to more aggressively get back to our industry-leading lead times in the Merillat brand. Again, we're talking on the builder side of the business mainly. We put an extreme focus on that as we listened to our customer base and understood the value of that. And in doing so, we put mainly labor inefficiencies in play as we made those improvements.
Stephen East - ISI Group: Will that just quickly evaporate then as you get past the fourth quarter or is that something that we've got to anniversary in the third quarter of next year?
Keith Allman: We think we'll see in the range of $5 million to $10 million of inefficiencies associated with this that bleed into next year and then after that will be clean.
John Sznewajs: We expect that to be wrapped up by the middle of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Dahl from Credit Suisse.
Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse: I wanted to go back to one of the first questions on the new restructuring program and I guess in the context of you've got $150 million of gross profit improvement this year. Now you're saying with all these other investments, no net benefit. Wondering if you could give some thoughts out as we look into 2015 between additional profit improvement programs and the restructuring? What do you actually expect to see as far as net profit benefit?
John Sznewajs: As we have in the last several years, we've only generated about $150 million of profit improvements on a gross basis. And those profit improvements are driven by lean efficiencies, supply chain work, et cetera. And those are offset by things generally like wage inflation, medical benefit inflation and other things that we incur on a regular basis with our business. And typically, for the last five years, we've been about neutral on our net benefit on price commodity. This year we're anticipating a slight benefit. I think in the beginning of the year, we're hopeful if we could get $15 million to $20 million of a net benefit. That didn't materialize this year. We ran into some unanticipated inefficiencies at our Cabinet operation that we did not clearly expect at the beginning of the year. And so that quickly ate into our expected net benefit to bring that down to zero here. So as we look forward into 2015, while we haven't finished our budgeting process yet, I would be hopeful if we could generate some net benefit. Probably we'll give you a little bit more color on that benefit at the Analyst Day in February. And we can layer that number on top of that $30 million to $40 million benefit that we expect to get, and that's going to be a one-time benefit that we expect to get as a result of the headcount reductions that we announced on September 30th. Sorry, I can't give you a little bit more color at this point. We're still working through our budgeting process here.
Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse: My second question is the share price performance has been a bit disappointing post the announcement of all the spin and other initiatives and capital allocation. Have you given thought to some sort of accelerated repurchase, given clearly you've got enough cash on the balance sheet today?
Keith Allman: Mike, there's a number of ways to execute a share repurchase program and we're looking at a variety of options on how to do so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Two questions on specifically your European business. It did very well in the quarter. You read the same headlines I read on Europe. Are you getting any sort of read from your businesses in Europe what they believe the trajectory looks like for the next several quarters? And then question two, if you can give us any kind of commentary on how October trends across the entire business are ruuning?
John Sznewajs: With respect to Europe, I think we're seeing a little bit of two different stories in Europe. Our continental European businesses are seeing the slower growth, as evidenced by the 2% up that I mentioned in local currency in Plumbing. So relatively soft growth, a good growth compared to overall GDP that the Eurozone is putting up. That said, I'd tell you our UK businesses continue to benefit from the strength in housing in the UK. We saw very good strength in the UK both in our window, our plumbing business and our cabinet business from a topline perspective.
Keith Allman: In October, we're seeing good steady growth. I'd characterize it as being consistent with what we've seen in this past quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Keith, my first question just has to do with the inefficiencies on the cabinet side. Are you to the point now where the efficiencies are just your burden as far as the plants that aren't well and you're having to incur additional cost to get the product out the door? I think you said lead times are back to normal, but quality or anything that would impact their business?
Keith Allman: I would say it's more of the former. It's our issue and we're working our way back to our more normalized level of efficiencies and productivities. We've put a bit of focus on getting our lead times back to our customer base. Our quality is good. We're by and large over the issues with the customer. And these are internal issues that we're now focused on currently and then certainly into 2015 with a solid work stream of issues that we're driving to get that productivity back.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: So there's still some issues for customers, but for the most part that's fine?
Keith Allman: We're not perfect with the customer base, but I'd tell you we're back to our industry-leading lead time and significantly improved.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: With respect to the fourth quarter share repurchases, can you walk through what would you need to see to execute the share repurchase now if you're in place and in position to execute the share repurchase for the fourth quarter?
Keith Allman: We're committed to what we've disclosed, which is buying back 50 million shares over the next few years. In terms of our specific cadence, you'll see that as we report our Q.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: First question on Cabinet profitability. You had outlined the plan for what you're going to accomplish in that business over the last three years and you've obviously had some execution issues that you're remedying. I'm curious what you think about the path of recovering Cabinet profit as we look out over the next year once we get through what you dealt with in 2014?
Allman: Fixing Cabinets is a priority for us, there's no question about it. We view that as the best path to shareholder value creation. As we talked earlier with Dennis' question, we're driving productivity and add work streams that we're focused on. We have a solid innovation pipeline and new products where we're listening to our customers and delivering on that. And we'll talk about those as they happen. But we feel good about that. And with regards to the share gain, it will drive. Of course increasing the volume would be helpful for us.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: The improvement in profits that was expected this year, is the recovery next year now off of the base that we'll experience in 2014, or can we have a more significant ramp-up, obviously excluding the charges, and how the profit recovered plays out in the Cabinet business?
Keith Allman: I think it'll be more significant and that we don't expect those costs and the inefficiencies associated with driving from five to two ERP systems and closing down the factories that we've had. So in the range of $20 million to $25 million, we don't expect that to re-occur.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: In the paint business, understand the investments that are being made for Pro and for the color center and the new product. But I'm curious how we should be thinking about the margin opportunity in that business in 2015? Is this another year where margins erode a little bit and you trade some margin for volume, or how should we be thinking about the medium-term future margins of the paint business?
Keith Allman: I think we look at that business consistently. And that is we still think that this business is generally high-teens margins. Absolutely we need to make investments in this business and we'll incur some expense in doing so, yes, but we still think the margin profile of this business is not significantly unchanged.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan: First question I had also is on Cabinet, and I just want to shift the focus a second to the topline. You actually had a very difficult comp in that quarter as well aside from the difficult comp in decorative. You're actually able to grow roughly 2%. You mentioned some of the drivers and restoring of lead times. But I was wondering if you could get a little more granular in terms of what you're seeing in each of your difference channels? And to the extent that there is perhaps getting back on the horse type of effect in the dealer channel with the lead times, if that's something that you could expect to continue to positively benefit from over the next few quarters?
Keith Allman: As you know, we've had significant new product introductions and programs aimed at providing differentiation of better service and helping our dealers make more money, and that's paying off. So we're seeing some nice consistent growth and share gain in the dealer channel. On the builder side, we're keeping the business we want to keep. There's some business that didn't make sense for us from a profitability standpoint. There's some business that we moved to more efficiently serve through our dealer network. And we are enjoying the macroeconomics of some 10% gain and starts this year versus last year. On the retail side, we've got aggressive and made some moves with regards to our pricing and promotion strategies and we're working to find that sweet spot and the elasticity to be more effective.
Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan: And just want to circle back, John, to the question of corporate expense. It had come down. Last quarter it was down $8 million year-on-year, this quarter $9 million, and I think you referred to some timing charges. But just wanted to be certain. I think you had said that you expect 4Q to get back to that $30 million to $35 million run rate, which is actually pretty steep increase. So just wanted to make sure if that's the case or if there be any beginning benefits from those cost saving actions that were announced last month?
John Sznewajs: As I mentioned, we expect to incur $8 million to $10 million of transaction or spin related costs as we move forward for the next several quarters. That $30 million to $35 million drops to kind of circa $25 million on an adjusted basis absent the one-time spin related cost.
Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan: And so that $8 million to $10 million per quarter?
John Sznewajs: Per quarter. That's right, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets.
Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets: Just wanted to understand if you took out the ERP cost and the impact of the polar vortex, would you guys be running breakeven in the Cabinets year-to-date? And on a longer-term basis, once you finish rationalization, what's the normal way to thinking about profitability in terms of EBIT margin for this business?
Keith Allman: I think it's fair to put back that $30 million to $35 million of incremental inefficiency cost that we have incurred. And then when you look at our growth rate, you could see our drop-down margin in the range of 40%. We're focused on attaining share and growing with the market. So I think that's a good way to look at it.
Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets: What kind of normalized EBIT margin do you think that implies just for modeling this out?
Keith Allman: I think we'll get into more detail on February as we lay out our margin going forward into, Bob.
John Sznewajs: You factor out the $35 million, but you look at our normal drop-down margin on this business. We should be in the 30%, 35% range on growth. So you see that going forward. As we make our way back from housing starts of circa 1 million this year to 1.5 million, you can kind of factor that drop-down incremental margin into your model.
Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets: On the paint business, I thought revenues would be a little bit higher. It looks like you're investing into business. Can you give us an idea of what you're seeing in terms of ebb and flow? It sounds like October was a stronger. You were weaker last quarter because of inventory replenishment. What are you seeing in the channel and how are the competitive dynamics playing out? I'm aware you guys had a tough comp last year. How do we think about growth going forward and reinvesting behind the business?
Keith Allman: We feel good about paint and we are continuing to reinvest behind it, no question about it. We had a tough comp in the range of 9% last quarter. We had some inventory timing issues in the channel. We're seeing good replenishment orders coming back. So we continue to be positive on the growth prospects of paint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos - Bank of America: I guess the question I had related to Cabinets again. The closing of the mothballed plant, I'm assuming that didn't have much, if any, ongoing expense until the closures, but if there was any expense, what could we perhaps build into our forecast longer term in terms of some margin benefit from that? And in turn, you were keeping these facilities mothballed presumably for some time on your expectations demand would come back and need that capacity. What has changed other than your outlook or your supply chain where these facilities can now be closed?
John Sznewajs: On the expense or the benefit side, we were not incurring significant cost to keep these facilities around. So we were simply continuing to secure them. So the benefit now by primarily closing those will be approximately $3 million per year.
Keith Allman: There were a couple of factors in deciding to take these plants completely offline. One is our efficiencies that we're seeing in our component plants. As you recall, we closed two component plants and moved that volume into one and we wanted to be sure of our capacity capability in that plant. What we're seeing is encouraging. So we have good capacity improvements versus our initial plan as we've ramped that factory. Secondly, as John alluded to, there was a whole lot of cost to keeping these plants online, and we chose to keep that for a while as a buffer to see if we were to going to see a significant spike in new home construction mainly as this is focused on the Merillat and our builder business. Good growth, we're seeing 10% uptick, but we wanted to make sure that we are prepared should we see something significantly greater. And we're not seeing that. So that's why we made the decision to take them completely offline.
George Staphos - Bank of America: A quick question on decorative work, to the extent that you can comment and perhaps you can, you mentioned orders are good, replenishment is good. Do you have any sense on what retail growth is for your brands early into the fourth quarter?
Keith Allman: George, we don't have that number here in the early fourth quarter at this time. We haven't closed out the month of October just yet.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Do you have a view on what third quarter looked like from a retail standpoint? POS?
Keith Allman: No, I am not in a position to share that with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies.
Phil Ng - Jefferies: Your Cabinets business has lagged the market in 2014. Now that your cycle is through some ERP issues, how do you expect your growth to shift or stack up against the market?
Keith Allman: Our objective is to take share. We're doing that with our products and our programs. We're going to do that with more consistent delivery on our lead times. It was a tough year for us in '14. We made some fundamental improvements to the business, taken our ERP systems from five to two, shutting down two significant component plants, taken these mothballed plants offline. We've reinvigorated our product development process and we're focused on the customer needs, and it's paying off. But it was a tough year with regards to our performance. We understand more about the elasticity in our pricing and program schemes in retail, which we'd like to continue to refine, which we think will drive share as well. So we plan on outperforming the market in '15.
Phil Ng - Jefferies: Do you think most of the share gains going forward would be driven more on the retail side, as you price your products a little more competitive, are you a little more upbeat on the dealer side?
Keith Allman: I'm upbeat on both sides for different reasons that we've talked about. Certainly the dealer segment in this industry is significantly bigger than the retail, and we intend to gain share in both segments.
Phil Ng - Jefferies: And just looking forward towards your cost take-out initiatives on corporate expense, can you give us some comfort around execution, because the ERP rollout has been a little bit tough for this year? So what's different and what have you learned that's going to help smooth out the process next year?
Keith Allman: I think they're completely different initiatives when you're talking about information system that manages the complicated supply chain versus a corporate office staff reduction. I would not characterize our corporate office staff reduction as risky. We've worked with our business units. We understand the business processes that we need to change. We've made those changes and we're moving forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs from Baird.
Tim Wojs - Robert W. Baird: Just turning back to Cabinets again, I think Home Center sales there, you mentioned, were down and it sounds like maybe there's some inefficiencies in pricing and marketing. But I guess more broadly, are you seeing any change in how the Home Center think about the Cabinets business just in terms of floor space with competing alternative products like appliances?
Keith Allman: I don't see any big difference in our Home Center partners' view on the Cabinet business. It's a good business for them. Certainly there's tweaks that different customers make to their plan and to their layouts as they work to optimize their model. But there's no question that Cabinets is an important part of the Home Center channel and that's going to continue to be that way from my perspective.
Tim Wojs - Robert W. Baird: Just looking into 2015, John, any specifics we should think about just around raw materials and the price cost relationship there?
John Sznewajs: Nothing in particular at this time, as you think about the commodity conflicts that impact our business. We have been experiencing from time to time installation inflation from the manufacturers and we'll see some more of that going forward into 2015. And then in terms of inputs, propylene has been running a little high. And so that has continued to have some cost pressures on our inputs. And actually wood and finishing materials have been elevated over the course of the year. And so we expect that will probably continue into 2015 as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eli Hackel from Goldman Sachs.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs: Just wanted to talk about how you're positioning yourself for growth in multi-family, which has been a lot stronger than single-family in the coming years. Do you have any idea what percentage of that 30% that is new construction is multi-family versus single-family?
Keith Allman: Our share of multi-family and single-family is about equivalent as the overall market. Our Cabinet business, our installation business all participate in the multi-family segment of the builder channel. And our share there is consistent with our share in the single-family side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood from Deutsche Bank.
Rob Hansen - Deutsche Bank: This is Rob Hansen on for Nishu. Just wanted to ask about the other specialty segment. You mentioned that there's been some mix shift that's been helping there. Is this just slower new construction growth, or are you repositioning yourselves more to R&R there? How does that look?
Keith Allman: As you may be aware, we're going to be repositioning this business through the downturn. Prior to the financial crisis, this business was heavily focused on residential new construction. And through the course of about six to seven years, we have delivered strides to reposition the business to be a much repair/remodel oriented business. And we are seeing the benefits of that repositioning now over the last multiple quarters, as they deliver strong topline growth in each of the last six or seven quarters here largely from the remodeling efforts they put forth. So we feel really good about how that business is positioned in the marketplace.
Rob Hansen - Deutsche Bank: And what do you look at as stabilized operating margins in this segment?
Keith Allman: We saw some very nice double-digit operating margins in the segment in the quarter. This has experienced good drop-downs historically in the 30% range. And so as we continue to grow this business, we expect to continue to experience the 30% drop-downs on this segment as well.
Rob Hansen - Deutsche Bank: Just one last quick question on that is just how much of price increase has been a factor? Obviously seeing a lot of window manufacturers increasing prices recently. So has that been just enough to cover rising input costs, or have you been able to capture a little bit more on prices as well?
Keith Allman: Pricing has done a good job of offsetting some of our input costs. The bigger benefit has been the mix shift. We have seen upgrading of our products to a higher price point products in both windows and doors. And so we're pleased with the consumers' reaction to our new products in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Barclays.
Stephen Kim - Barclays: I was wondering if you could comment a little bit about the cadence of sales through the quarter, specifically in cabinets, but also interested in what you've seen in Plumbing as well.
Keith Allman: When you say cadence of sales, Stephen, can you help me out?
Stephen Kim - Barclays: Basically month by month, did you see steady improvement? Was it sort of choppy? And also, I forgot to mention, anything on the pricing environment that we saw in the quarter?
Keith Allman: It is pretty steady. I'm thinking from a month-to-month basis here in my head. It was pretty steady. We had some replenishment orders in paint where that volume, as we talked about, and our channel tends to fluctuate and we're seeing that coming back in October. So there is a little bit of timing there. But by and large from an overall demand perspective, it's been pretty smooth for the quarter.
Stephen Kim - Barclays: What about pricing actions? Did you see anything there that you can speak to?
Keith Allman: It's been nothing that really stands out. It's been pretty calm, pretty stable throughout the quarter.
Stephen Kim - Barclays: You had mentioned, Keith, I believe in your remarks earlier that in plumbing the gap down to your long-term margins guidance that is really attributable to emerging markets growth in adjacent products in North America. And I guess I was curious as to how you see that growth playing out? Is this something that you expect to sort of be of a bit of a breakout year for either of those initiatives in 2015, or is that something that you think is going to be sort of a gradual spooling up of the velocity in those businesses?
Keith Allman: I think we're going to talk about that more in detail at the Investor Day. But I would characterize it more on the spooling upside.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie: Just some clarification on the net profit improvement, flat for the full year. If I add the numbers up, it looks like you were negative $15 million for the first three quarters. Should we expect a positive $15 million year-over-year in the fourth quarter?
Keith Allman: We are expecting some benefit in the fourth quarter, Mike.
Mike Wood - Macquarie: I mean that would benefit the segment margins, potentially 600 basis points. Is there any offsets to that that we should be thinking about from initial modeling for the fourth quarter?
Keith Allman: Which segment are you talking about that should be benefiting 600 basis points?
Mike Wood - Macquarie: I'm just adding up the full-year numbers to the flat net profit improvement and you've tracked negative $15 million for the first three quarters. So in order to reach that goal, you'd need to be up $15 million for the fourth quarter, which if I just add the total segments, that's a 600 basis point year-on-year operating margin tailwind in the fourth quarter.
Keith Allman: Let me follow up with you offline on that one, Mike.
Mike Wood - Macquarie: Just in terms of the ERP, can you talk to us about what the service benefits are and how you benchmark, not just the initial lead time, but the response time to any quality issues? And how you compare yourselves against your large competitors and other smaller manufacturers that you compete against?
Keith Allman: First of all, the lead time, we measure it just as at the time from when we receive the order until the time when that order is shipped. From a fill rate perspective, we hold ourselves high to a line item fill rate metrics. So it's extremely difficult versus looking at it from an order basis.
Mike Wood - Macquarie: How you compare against your primary competitors at that independent dealer on those service metrics now?
Keith Allman: We have the industry lead time in the Merillat side of the business. We've had that for a long time, and that's extremely important to our dealer base. And when you look at where we are with KraftMaid with our four-week lead time, that's very competitive in the dealer base overall.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Megan McGrath from MKM Partners.
Megan McGrath - MKM Partners: Just wanted to follow up a little on the paint segment. You talked about your tough compare for the Marquee Exterior and Deckover last year. But then you had the Behr Marquee Interior launch this quarter. Could you talk about, maybe, if there's any timing differences there? What are your expectations for what those businesses could reach? Is Behr Marquee Interior have the potential to be as good as the exterior? And is it tracking as well as those launches did last year from a same timing perspective?
Keith Allman: We are about 400 or 500 stores at the end of the second quarter. We completed the rollout by 1,800 stores in the third quarter. So we're still seeing some of the sell-through and it just gained some traction now. It is a slightly higher price point. This is in a $40 to $45 gallon range. And we do anticipate very good response. The initial reaction has been positive. We'll keep you updated as the quarters roll out, because we'll have more data here in 90 days, et cetera, et cetera.
Megan McGrath - MKM Partners: And just final question on Cabinets. I guess, just looking overall at the $35 million in costs this year and a little bit more, so maybe $40 million to $45 million in total costs, is all of that related to this ERP implementation, which seems, obviously, pretty high for an ERP implementation? Or was there other stuff that you uncovered at the same time that was costing you money, in excess of the ERP?
Keith Allman: That was not all related to the ERP. If you look back to the beginning of the year, we had two significant component plants that we've taken offline. And there's efficiencies associated with that as we move business from one plant to another. As I said, one of the drivers of why we decided to take our mothballed plants offline was that we were seeing our performance in the remaining component plants. So it was a combination of plant closures as well as some significant ERP implementations.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Tasi - Director of Investor Relations Keith Allman - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director John Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, Treasurer
Analysts: Keith Hughes - SunTrust Stephen Kim - Barclays Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs George Staphos - Bank of America Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets Nick Coppola - Thompson Research Group Mike Dahl - Credit Suisse David Goldberg - UBS Philip Ng - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation's second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. My name is Sean and I will be your conference operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Ms. Irene Tasi. Irene, you may begin your call.
Irene Tasi: Thank you, Sean, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion on our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. As a reminder, we would appreciate it if you could limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to contact me directly at 313 792-5500. I would like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We have described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Any references to operating profit, earnings per share or cash flow on today's call will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted, with a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our quarterly press release and presentation slides which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, masco.com. With that I will now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman.
Keith Allman: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone, and thanks to all of you for joining us today for Masco's second quarter 2014 earnings call. Please flip to with slide number four. As I reflect upon the results of the past six months, I am pleased with our team's execution. Despite tougher end-markets, our revenue has increased 5% and our profit margin has improved by 100 basis points, year-to-date. The 31% incremental margin we have experienced in the first half of the year is a testament to the effectiveness of our strategies, our team's execution and our portfolio's strong operating leverage. In the second quarter of 2014, we continued to grow our business and enhance our profitability. We increased sales 5% and with solid execution expanded our operating margins by 140 basis points to 11%. This performance was primarily driven by our plumbing, decorative architectural and installation segments. As a result of this performance, we have achieved 39% growth and EPS to $0.32 per common share for the quarter. Repair and remodel, which is 70% of our business, continues to be strong for us as our new products and program wins drove sales in the quarter. Our actions to drive improved mix and increased share are paying off. We work diligently on new product development, improving relationships with key influencers in our markets and pricing. The result of this are particularly evident in plumbing and windows, where we experienced favorable mix, primarily in the trade and showroom channels, as we see consumers move up the price continuum in these categories. We anticipate the demand for repair and remodel will grow at a steady rate. Despite the lower than expected growth in new home construction starts, our installation business delivered solid growth. This was driven by our continued focus on driving share and diversifying our business mix in the commercial and retrofit. We expect this segment to grow with or slightly outpace like new home construction starts in 2014. While we were pleased with our overall sales growth and operating profit margin expansion, we are disappointed with the challenges we faced in the cabinet segment. We experienced lead time delays and incurred additional expense as a result of problems related to an ERP implementation at one of our component plants. This impact was limited to the Merillat Classic product line, which represents approximately 20% of our overall sales in the segment. I had personally reached out to our customers and I am aware of how this has impacted their business, as well as ours. This level of performance is not acceptable. We are focused on getting it fixed. We are improving and we will be back to normalized levels by the end of Q3. We had originally expected this business to turn a modest profit this year. Given the timing of the improvement actions we are implementing, we now expect the cabinet segment will be at a modest loss for 2014. While this is not a major shift at our outlook, it certainly is not a preferred direction. Nevertheless, we continue to believe that the underlying fundamentals of this business are strong, especially when considering its incremental margins of 35% and the line of sight we have to growth in 2015. Despite the near-term challenges in cabinetry, I am extremely proud of our organization's overall performance in the quarter. Our plumbing segment, which represents approximately 40% of our company revenue and over 50% of our profit, continues to outperform. Let me give you a few examples. Delta's luxury brand Brizo is up over 35% this quarter and that's on top of a compounded annual growth rate of 25% over the past four years. Delta continues to hold the number one share of shelf at big-box retailers and Hansgrohe had their best quarter in their 111 years history. Our spa business Watkins, which is the largest manufacturer of spas in North America had a tremendous quarter and has exceeded our expectations. This momentum leads us to believe that, in the near term, the plumbing segment will continue to deliver mid-teens margins. On a longer-term basis, this segment will normalize to low-teen margins based on our growth plans to further expand internationally and growing adjacent product categories. In decorative, Behr's commitment to innovation continues to pay off. Behr Marquee Interior has been extremely well received in the marketplace. Demand for Behr Deckover continues to grow and our relationship with our channel partner is strong and we are jointly focused on growing the business. In other specialty, Milgard the leading window brand in the Western United States, continues to take share and are seeing strong growth with their Montecito and Tuscany product lines. Our installation services team continues to impress me with their incremental margins of 37% this quarter, and their ability to target and successfully execute growth plans in the retrofit and commercial channels which now compromise approximately 20% of the segment sales. Before turn the call over to John, let me leave you with three takeaways. Number one, we have executed many important initiatives at cabinets to make the business more competitive. Some of these resulted in cost and service variances that were not planned. This will be behind us in Q3 and the business will be well positioned for 2015. Number two, we have good momentum, as evidenced by our overall company performance in the second quarter, and this trend is continuing in July, as we see sales for the month of low to mid-single digits and that's on top of a challenging comp from last year. We are positioned for continued growth in the second half given our industry-leading brands, our robust innovation pipeline and operating leverage. And finally number three, we remain committed to realizing the full potential of our core businesses, to leveraging opportunities across our portfolio and to actively managing the portfolio to drive long-term shareholder value. With that, please move to slide six, where John Sznewajs, our CFO will take you through our financial operating review.
John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith and good morning, everyone. As Irene mentioned, most my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time charges. So as Keith mentioned, consistent execution resulted in another quarter of sales and profit growth. Sales increased 5% as we recorded sales growth in four our five segments. Sales in North America up 4% in the quarter. As the U.S. economy slowly improves, we continue to experience growing demand for our repair remodel and new home construction products. As a reminder, repair remodel activity represents approximately 70% of our sales. International sales increased 2% in local currency in the quarter, driven by core market growth of our international plumbing business in our U.K. businesses. Our focus on cost control continues to pay off as SG&A dollars were flat compared to the second quarter of last year. We delivered strong bottomline performance as operating income increased 21% in the quarter to $249 million with operating margins expanding 130 basis points to 11%. This represent our best quarterly operating margin since the third quarter of 2007, when sales were $3 billion and reflects the benefits of our cost reductions over the last several years. Our strong operating leverage resulted in the 39% incremental margin in the quarter. our EPS was $0.32 per share, an improvement of $0.09 or 39% compared to the second quarter of last year. As you turn to slide seven, we see the components of our operating income improvement in the second quarter. The $18 million increase in volume and mix was principally driven by increased volume in our decorative architectural, plumbing, installation and other specialty segments, largely due to increased repair remodel activity and continued recovery in new home construction. This strength was partially offset by negative volume mix in our cabinet segment. Net price commodity improved approximately $27 million, largely driven by our cabinets, plumbing, installation and other specialty segments. This improvement was partially offset by an unfavorable relationship in the decorative architectural segment. We captured $43 million of profit improvements gross in the quarter. These improvements were more than offset by growth initiative spend, program support and inefficiencies in our cabinet operation. For 2014, we still expect to generate $150 million profit improvements gross, similar to what we have delivered on average for each of the last five years, largely coming from continuous improvement in supply chain work. We are reducing our estimate of the annual net benefit from $15 million to $20 million to approximately $10 million due to the incremental cost we incurred in our cabinet business in the first half of this year. Turn to slide eight. You can see we delivered another quarter of solid performance in our plumbing segment, as sales increased 6% driven by growth in our trade business, our new product introductions such as Hansgrohe's Select which offers pushbutton control of shower functions and Watkins' Highlife spas, which raises the bar on the luxury spa experience and international projects as Hansgrohe continues to win five-star projects around the globe. Solid sales momentum continued in North America, particularly in the trade channel. This reflects increased activity resulting from our continued investment in the showroom, commercial and multifamily segments of this channel. Our European businesses experienced modest gains with sales increasing low single-digit percent in local currency, primarily led by Hansgrohe as the core central European markets continue to recover provide a favorable sales mix. Operating profit increased 26% or $29 million, driven by incremental volume, a richer mix of products due to increased trade sales, productivity improvements and, to a lesser extent, a favorable price commodity relationship, particularly in Europe. Turn to slide nine. We see consumer demand for our new product introductions such as Behr Deckover and our newly launched Behr Marquee Interior Paint and a solid performance in our expanding Pro business drove a 5% sales increase in this segment. As a result, we realized mid-single-digit gain on growth in the quarter. Liberty Hardware had another strong quarter achieving solid top and bottom line growth through continued share gains. Sales in the quarter were favorably impacted by $6 million of loading costs due to program wins in both Behr and Liberty. Marquee Interior, our most advanced interior paint was introduced Q1 in all 180 Canadian Home Depot stores. It will be in most U.S. Home Depot stores by September. This premium paint product has contributed positive growth to the DIY channel since its introduction. We are confident in its continued success as it offers consumers a premium product that delivers consistent one coat coverage and superior stain resistance. Operating margins expanded slightly, benefiting from additional volume and the retiming of the $5 million of anticipated advertising and program reset costs from Q2 to the second half of 2014. We are now estimating incremental advertising costs and program reset cost to be approximately $5 million in Q3 and $2 million in the fourth quarter. These were partially offset by an unfavorable price commodity relationship. Turning to slide 10. Our North American cabinet business experienced a difficult second quarter as sales declined 5%. Sales were down for three reasons. The first, lower than anticipated sales to builders, second lead time issues as a result of the ERP implementation and third, our disciplined pricing and promotional strategies which led to volume declines and share loss at retail. These were partially offset by improved sales in our dealer channel. Our bottomline in the quarter was impacted by the lower absorption on the reduced volume, inefficiencies in cost related to the ERP implementation and a less favorable product mix. This was partially offset by pricing and promotion actions. We estimated that total charges related to the plant closure, ERP implementation and the associated inefficiencies of these initiatives in this segment will aggregate approximately $25 million in 2014, $10 million each in Q1 and Q2 and $5 million in Q3. As Keith mentioned earlier, this activity will be completed in the third quarter and we will be well positioned for growth going into 2015. Turning to installation. The segment sales growth of 8% was driven by strong results in our distribution into our residential and commercial new construction channels. While multifamily activity remains strong, we are beginning to see more work from custom builders which positively impacts our revenue. Operating profit improved $10 million or 125% compared to the second quarter of last year as a result of increased volume and a favorable price commodity relationship that was partially offset by wage inflation and other expenses. Turning to slide 12. You can see our other specialty products segment sales increased 11%, driven by our North American window business as we experienced continued share expansion in the Western U.S. and a favorable mix shift toward our premium window and door product lines and selling price. Our European business also positively contributed to segment's top and bottom line due to the continued success of our small composite door acquisition in the first quarter of last year and improvement in the U.K. new home construction market. The segment's operating profit rose 7% as profit from the increased sales in both North America and international was impacted by growth investments, including the ramp up of new employees to support our continued growth in the Western U.S. and ERP investment. And finally turning to the balance sheet on slide 13. We continue to have strong performance in working capital. Working capital as a percent of sales came in at 12.9%, a 20 basis points improvement from the second quarter of last year. I want to thank the supply chain, operations and finance teams for driving this great outcome. We entered the quarter with about $1.4 billion of cash of balance sheet liquidity and our credit metrics continue to improve. We also anticipate that our balance sheet will continue to strengthen in the second half of this year as we expect to reverse the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets and in either Q3 or Q4 of this year. So with that, I will turn the call back over to Keith. Please move to slide 16 for a few comments before we go to Q&A like to talk a little bit of all, I am that approach six months and sell I remain convinced that Masco has tremendous opportunity given our strong brands, our market-leading positions are some operating leverage our capabilities, I developed a plan
Keith Allman: Thanks, John. Please move to slide 15 for a few comments before we go to Q&A. I would like to talk to you a little bit about what matters as we six months in the saddle. I remain convinced that Masco has tremendous opportunity given our strong brands, our market-leading positions, our solid operating leverage and our capable teams. I developed a plan when I got the job and I have executed against that plan to spin up in to the role. I now have my leadership structure in place and we are continuing to work on our operating model and the strategy process. This strategy process includes outlining a plan to realize the full potential of our existing businesses, reviewing the role of each of our businesses within the portfolio and refining our capital allocation strategy. Our focus is on building shareholder value in the mid to the long-term. I anticipate this strategic review will be completed by the end of September and we will keep the investment community apprised of any major shifts. In conclusion, as I mentioned a few moments ago, we anticipate continued growth in the second half as we continue to grow share of our market-leading brands, drive operational leverage and turn our cabinet business. With that, the lines will be open for questions. Sean?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Thank you. Just a general question on pace of business in the quarter. You obviously have some nice share wins here in a couple of the divisions, but how would you characterize the repair remodel business and then going to the second half of the year, what are you hearing from your home builder customers in terms of their starts and activity they will be seeing as we end 2014?
Keith Allman: In terms of R&R, I would characterize, it is steady growth but we are seeing some choppiness. The R&A market as we are looking at it is really a little bit different when you look at smaller ticket versus big ticket. On the small ticket side, we are seeing good activity in our plumbing business, good traffic in that aisle, we are seeing good activity in paint. In the bigger ticket items, we are seen a little bit of a drag when we look at our cabinet business. We think that's driven by the fact that there is a little bit of an affluent versus less affluent play in there in the big-ticket. What I mean by that is if you look at our spa business which is more of an affluent purchase, more of an affluent buy, that's doing quite well. But when you look at cabinets, we are seeing a little bit of a drag. I think that's in part because that's hooked in with typically other purchases that go with a kitchen remodel, for example, where there would be flooring, there would be appliances. That sort of thing. So I think it's a big-ticket, little smaller ticket story. On the big ticket side, a little bit of drag that we are seeing in our cabinets. In terms of the second half on the newco side, the customers that I am talking to are a little bit tentative but we are seeing and believe that we will have new construction starts coming in a range of $1 million, slightly above $1 million, right in there with (inaudible).
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Just one quick follow-up within the paint business. The margin, the cost structure you discussed in the second quarter, do you expect that to continue through the rest of the year, where you get price relief?
Keith Allman: Keith, we really didn't experience any cost pressures in the second quarter. What we did say is that we retimed some advertising that we expected to spend in the second quarter to the back of the year and that will be, so we anticipated $5 million that did not materialize this year so that was a positive impact to the margins in the second quarter and will have a little bit of a drag in the second quarter, again about $5 million in the third quarter and about $2 million or so in the fourth quarter.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: My mistake.
Keith Allman: We see this business as a high-teens business.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Stephen Kim from Barclays. Your line is open.
Stephen Kim - Barclays: Thanks very much, guys. Great, well good results. Question I had about your longer-term plumbing commentary about mid-teens margins near-term to longer-term, more like lower teen margins. I am curious as to how much of that will be driven, in your view, by Hansgrohe versus the other brands? If you have any visibility? Will that primarily be driven by Hansgrohe? And if you can give us some sense for how you think about what the incremental margin will be for these new initiatives, if you sort of just try to separate out what you are planning and how you are evaluating future adjacency opportunities from an incremental margin perspective, that will be great.
Keith Allman: We are seeing the improved margins really spread across the segment. Certainly, Hansgrohe is a factor in there as we have seen core European business grow at a quicker rate than the remaining chunk of the business. So that gives us some mix favorability. We also have a very robust cost out program called Plus 21 that we drive and have driven for years over at Hansgrohe. So they are contributing stateside here with Delta. Our trade volume is very solid for us. We have had a concerted effort, our peer-to-peer is really where we have focused our new product introduction on that showroom and working with our relationship with the influencers and designers in those showrooms. And that's, we have got good momentum and productivity. And we also have a very solid cost out program that I talked about last quarter down at Delta. On the spa side, we talked about the volume that we are experiencing our spa business which is also in the plumbing segment and of course with that comes some nice overhead leverage. So really, the improvements, I would say is spread across the whole segment. It is going well. In terms of the incremental margins on expansion, as we drive globalization in our plumbing segment and we tweak our assortments to be more geographically centered, just because of the nature of that business, it tends to be a lower margin. When you look here in North America, at the entire plumbing market and where we are growing with regards to adjacent products to expand into the bathroom, those tend to be lower margins as well. Typically, our highly decorative chromed products, if you will, tend to be higher margin. So I think when you look at both the international expansion and the assortment requirements to drive that, and you look at our category expansion here in North America, both of those initiatives tend to be lower than the faucet and shower margins, which tend to be the highest in the category.
Stephen Kim - Barclays: Great. I guess what I am trying to figure out is, obviously you are not going to have a lower margin in plumbing longer-term if you are not going to have an attended [ph] increase in the topline and I am just trying to figure out if there is some sort of rule of thumb that we can be thinking about in terms of how much your topline might grow for any given decrement in the margins? I assume you look at the opportunities on a return on investment basis. So I think you can give us some parameters around how we should be thinking about that kind of give-and-take between topline and margin? That's really what I was hoping for.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, I don't think we are prepared to discuss that just yet. These are relatively new initiatives. They are just getting out of the ground. So, clearly as Keith mentioned, particularly the adjacent products here in North America will have a lower margin. We will give you a better guidance on that as those things mature.
Stephen Kim - Barclays: Okay, that's fine. The second question relates to your comment about July. Obviously, July had a pretty tough comp. You were up low double digits, I believe, last year in July and you indicated, I think you are going to be up, correct me if I am wrong, did you say low single digits in July? I guess I was curious are you seeing any kind of acceleration in the business here in 3Q?
Keith Allman: We were up mid-teens last year, just to clarify that.
Stephen Kim - Barclays: Okay.
John Sznewajs: In the month of July.
Keith Allman: July, right. In terms of the overall demand, as I said, we are seeing steady growth in R&R. And I talked little bit detail about how that is choppy when you look at big ticket versus smaller ticket and that affluent buyer and some of the dynamics around that. New construction, while certainly it's below what we anticipated, at the beginning of the year, it is still up and we are targeting somewhere slightly north of $1 million starts.
Stephen Kim - Barclays: Okay, great. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Hi. Thank you. I just wondered if you could talk a little bit about the operating leverage in the install business in the quarter and maybe break out the benefits that you had called out? I think there were some net pricing benefits, some of that was some of the leverage associated with the commercial business. And just wondering if we can get a better understanding of what drove the incrementals in install in the second quarter and how sustainable the mid-30s level is moving forward?
John Sznewajs: Sure, Garik, it's John. A big part of that operating leverage in the second quarter was really driven by volume and the operational improvements that the team down at Daytona has implemented in the organization down there. So that was probably the biggest chunk of it. A much smaller piece of that would be the pricing that we mentioned. As I also mentioned, we did have some offsets to that as we did experience some wage inflation. We are investing in labor. You probably have heard through your contacts that labor is our target. There is labor tightness around the United States. And we want to make certain that we have labor as we enter the busy third quarter for this business. And so there will be a little bit of cost ahead of sales on the upfront which probably detract from the margin a little bit.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks for that. And just switching to cabinets for a second. Just wondered if you could provide a little more context around your outlook for the full year of a modest loss, given that we have had about $70 million of loss in the first half of the year, you have another $5 million of the European headwinds in the third quarter. It would, I guess, mean a pretty big snap back in the fourth quarter with respect to profitability to get to this modest loss. Just wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on maybe what the guidance means and how confident you are in that business returning to profitability, maybe as early as the fourth quarter?
Keith Allman: I would peg the loss in the range of $5 million to $10 million. In terms of my confidence in this business, I remain confident for really three fundamental reasons. Number one, over the last 18 months, we have really driven significant improvements in the competitiveness of this business from the supply chain to our product development processes. We have worked a lot on our business model and some of the sub-segments and countertops and builder direct. Our quality has improved and we have driven a substantial standardization across our IT platforms, which is important and it might be critical for our competitiveness going forward. Unfortunately, those came with some unplanned costs and service variances. We are working very hard to get those fixed. We are improving. It will be behind us in Q3 and we will be positioned going into next year to deliver in this business.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Eli Hackel from Goldman Sachs. Your like is open.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to go back to just demand for a second right now. Just maybe a little bit more detail about, you talked to a people, how do you describe the U.S. consumer right now? You are always talking about big small ticket. Seeing a lot of mixed results across this space. Maybe your business seems a little bit better than average. Do you think the consumer is getting better? And what would it take to drive more buyers on the bigger ticket side? Is the economy strengthening at a pace where that's going to come back in the near-term? Or is that really pushed a little further out?
Keith Allman: Again, I would look at it is as R&R and new construction and break that down in that way. On the R&R side, the affluent buyers is showing up. They are interested in spending, and as I mentioned before, we are seeing that with empirical data, particularly when look at a spot purchase, for example. Certainly, our initiatives are driving share, but we are also seen the consumer show up there. And a little more, in the price conscious consumer, we are seeing a little bit more tentativeness. On the new construction side, we have unemployment at six, six-and-half year low. Consumer confidence at a six-year high. I think it gets back to credit availability. That's a big driver in getting some real wage growth. I think as that happens, when you look at the position of housing stock in terms of available housing versus the population that needs it, I think that's in a good place. It's really about credit, that first-time buyer starting to move out into new homes.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs: And then just maybe if you could, just quickly following up on that mid to lower end consumer? Just want to make sure, do you think that that lower end consumer is still struggling to some degree? Are you seeing any an improvement in that lower end buyer? Or is it really, so far, mostly being driven by the higher income buyers? On R&R side?
Keith Allman: In the low ticket, we are seeing good traffic. That's a good chunk of our business when you look at repair and remodeling on the plumbing side, particularly with faucets and showerheads, when you look at paint. So we are seeing the traffic. And I think that's the space of the strength of our portfolio where we are mixed across everything from a high-value smaller ticket Behr paint all the way up to a luxury spa and a electric shower systems with Hansgrohe. So I would say that the bigger ticket part of the continuum, we are seen a little bit of drag on that less affluent buyer.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs: Got it, and then just second one. Just wanted to touch on Europe quickly. Clearly, your international result have been pretty strong, somewhat helped by currency. Can you just talk about your outlook for Europe in the back half of the year? Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Eli, I think Europe continues to look continuously pretty steady. We have seen very good progress each of the last four quarters or so in Europe. And we don't expect any acceleration in demand, but just consistent growth as we have experienced over the last couple of quarters.
Keith Allman: We have a solid infrastructure in place with Hansgrohe across multiple geographies, north of 130 markets. There is certainly political risk. Obviously, we all see what's in the news. There's elections on in Brazil. These is a number of things that are going around the globe. But when you really look at where Hansgrohe is positioned with the brand, the work we are doing on our international assortment, we feel good for steady growth outside the U.S.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. Your line is open.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Thanks, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the detail. I guess I had two questions. First of all, within the cabinets business, Keith, what do you think will ultimately reverse the share trend that you are seeing within retail and also the builder channel? Will they, from what you are seeing, normally dissipate or is there other actions you are going to need to take to reverse what has been the declining share there? And then switching gears in decorative architectural and paints in particular, can you comment at all on the impact you are seeing from perhaps other coating companies now targeting the Pro initiatives as well? Thank you.
Keith Allman: In terms of the actions to drive market share in cabs, we have been working a lot on our fundamentals, as I talked about, in terms of our product development process or standardizing our ERP systems. We had five or six ERP systems across cabinets. Now we are down to two. So we are focused on our KraftMaid line and our Merillat line. So a lot of the work for share gains in terms of the core capabilities as well as the new products that we have introduced already in play and are paying off where we are seeing in our dealer channel in particular. We are working to have, as I announced, a lead time reduction on our KraftMaid line. We think that's critical to drive share. We have implemented a new finishing system which, I believe, is going to raise the bar in the industry in terms of quality. That's implemented and we are running now, and that's a beautiful product. So that will help drive share. On the retail side, we remain committed to our approach on promotions in terms of being strategic and utilizing them carefully to drive and get to that sweet spot for both revenue and value to the consumer. But we will continue to tweak that. I think the timing of some of our actions versus the competition has lead us to some share loss. We are working with our designers and our influencers to understand their needs and develop better relationships with them. So I think there is a number of things that we are working on now. And as we get more specific results, we will share with them but we are moving, and I think that's evidenced in what we have done in the dealer channel, which was our initial focus.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Keith, I know it's hard to predict, but from a timing standpoint, would you expect the share erosion to be done by the fourth quarter or first quarter?
Keith Allman: Yes, I think we are beginning to chip away at that. Now we are gaining share in our dealer channel in terms of retail. As we tweak our promotional strategies and continue to drive the improvements there, we will see that. This is a long purchase cycles. So it is going to take some time. But we are making momentum. We have momentum.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Okay.
Keith Allman: George, you had a question on paint?
George Staphos - Bank of America: Yes.
Keith Allman: With regard to how we are our doing in the Pro? We are focused on the Pro and we are doing that in concert with the Home Depot. This is obviously an important segment. When we look at our intel and the studies that we do and then it's corroborated with outside studies, that Behr paint brand, that Behr brand is strong with the Pro. Obviously strong in R&R, but it is also strong in the Pro. We also have good Pro traffic at the Home Depot. So it's an important growth initiative for us. We have not lost shelf space at the Home Depot and we are continuing to be successful in this Pro business. It's outgrowing, clearly outgrowing, the base Pro business and we have a got a good value proposition. And we are working to make it better. Now it is not going to be -- the margins are not going to be as high as our base repair and remodeling book of business, but it is good return on assets for us. We have a good plan to work with. And most importantly, we are in concert with our channel partner. It doesn't surprise me that our competition would see our success and work to countermeasure it.
John Sznewajs: Yes, George, we are investing heavily behind this business. As you may know, we have about now 150 Pro sales reps out in the field, calling on Pro customers to drive this business. So we feel very confident in the growth that we have been experiencing and the fact that have we got a good runway in front of us as well.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Okay. Thank you for the thoughts. Good luck on the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Good morning.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Dennis.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Keith, I guess my first question just relates to, on the cabinet issue at Merillat. Would that be in resolve by the end of this quarter? How will that impact the revenue side of the equation? Because I know you expect, you mentioned lead times are extended and backlogs are extended, so if that's fully resolved, does that mean customers are back to normal lead times? And if so, does that mean that you get almost a revenue catch up in the third quarter, as you satisfy these orders that are in backlog?
Keith Allman: I have reached out, Dennis, to many of our customers and I understand the impact that our performance has had on them. We have worked hard to develop the industry-leading lead time and fill rates coming out of our supply chain, and our channel partners come to rely on that. And when we fail to deliver on that process, on that promise, it not good on their business and certainly it is not good on our business. It has affected demand and it is going to take some time as we get our lead times back to normal levels to reestablish our confidence and to get back. So I fully intend that we will get there in terms of the timing. We are committed to get this stabilized in Q3 and then being working on all eight cylinders as we go into next year.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. I realize that.
John Sznewajs: Related to your question regarding a third quarter catch up in sales as result of working through the backlog. We do expect a little bit of catch up here to hit the third quarter, but nothing really material.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay, and then second question, it looks as though corporate expense was at least lower than what we were modeling. It seems to be favorable relative to last year. How do you think about that run rate going forward? And maybe if you could just give some examples of where some of savings might be coming from there?
John Sznewajs: Dennis, I think the compares is challenging more so than we had some one-time events occur last year. And I think what you are seeing in the second quarter of 2014 is more indicative of a run rate. So you may recall, we had a retirement of a senior executive. A senior executive hit 65 and that caused some stock comp expense last year.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Nice quarter.
Keith Allman: Thanks, Mike.
Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan: First question, just to go back to plumbing for a moment and appreciate the detail there. Talking about mid-teens margins for the near term, if you could give us a sense of what you mean by near-term? If that's the second half of 2014 or would it likely go into 2015? And what's kind of biggest, you mentioned a number of positive influences on the margin, what would you attribute the biggest one or two drivers to the higher levels that you are seeing right now?
Keith Allman: Mike, I would say, the mid-teens through 2015 is something that would be good to model that range. In terms of the key drivers, boy, it's a combination of many things, but I think to break it down, I would say new products and listening to the customer and driving products, in a way that drive favorable mix. Having said that, we have also put a fair amount of attention into more of the opening price point as well. So it's a combination. But I would say new product introduction mix and then our cost out program.
Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan: Great. Also the July number was pretty impressive, as discussed earlier, in terms of against a tougher comp. With the comps easing in the next couple of months of the quarter, if you could just remind us what those were? And would you expect as a result, August and September to accelerate potentially? Or were there is some drivers in July, either, I think perhaps the continuation of some new product load in from in the paint segment or other things that we might continue to see overall kind of this mid-single-digit consolidated topline there for the quarter?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, it's John. In terms of the additional comps in the third quarter, just to remind everyone, the third quarter last year was our most difficult -- our best quarter in 2013, which was up 12%. So we were up mid-teens in July, low double digits in both August and September. So the comps, while they get a little bit easier, it's still pretty challenging. In terms of what we are anticipating going forward, as Keith alluded to earlier, with housing starts in the neighborhood of $1 million or so for the year, we are thinking about where we were at through the first half of the year. That would imply a pretty good clip going into the second half the year, as well as our lower ticket repair remodel products continued to perform well. We were confident that the growth rate that we have experiencing in the first half of the year feels like it should be similar to that going forward. Could be some puts and takes a little bit here and there, but as you know, we really don't give topline guidance. So it's really hard to put a finite number on that.
Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan: No, I appreciate that. And just one last one for clarification. Keith, you were good enough to give us your sense of the loss for cabinets. Just wanted to make sure, clarify the $5 million to $10 million, that's not a loss for the fourth quarter, but a loss for the overall year?
Keith Allman: Correct.
Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie: Hi, guys, it's Adam in for Mike. Just a couple quick one on paints. You say $6 million load in benefit in 2Q and the rollout should we finished for the Marquee Interior in some time in 3Q. Can you talk about, the expect a load in benefit you expect in that quarter?
Keith Allman: It should be less than the cyclic because that would spread across both Behr as well as Liberty. Liberty won a number of new programs at retail. And so I would say, it is just going to be a couple million dollars in the third quarter because there is really only about two months worth of impact in the third quarter.
Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie: Okay, thanks, and then just if you could talk about the negative price cost in decorative? What was driving that?
Keith Allman: A number of things. We have seen a slight elevation in raw material costs compared with the second quarter of last year, both on TiO2 as well as in engineered resins that we purchase and put into our products.
Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning, and nice quarter. I just wanted to get a little bit specific. You used the language in the press release, "realizing the full potential of your core businesses by actively managing the portfolio", and I was hoping you could share with us, how are you defining the core business? And what are your thoughts at this juncture? It sounds like the strategic review will be finished by September. Are you leaning more towards an asset sale or a spend? Any color would be great.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Bob. I apologize for the confusion in the press release. What I was trying to get across there is that, as a management team we are focused on a couple of time horizons. Number one is the mid to longer-term time horizon where we are looking at how we can drive shareholder value with our portfolio of strategy. And we are running at aggressive ramp, an additional ramp of our portfolio strategy process to determine that. The other time horizon that we need to work on is in the here and now, the short term. And that is to drive our existing businesses that we have on our portfolio to be all it can be. And that's what I mean about full potential. So it's not that we are, as a management team, strictly looking at the long-term of the portfolio issues, we are also looking at our core businesses that we have today and how we can improve them and drive, particularly in cabinet, turnaround. With regards to where I am leaning, really I am not leaning. I am letting our process determine what the optimal portfolio is for mid-to long-term shareholder value. We are intently engaged in the process. We have brought on outside counsel to give us an external perspective of how we might unlock value. We are looking at all options that are in front of us and of course we are doing it in concert with the board. So I am not going into this process with a preconceived notion. We are letting the process work. We are open to all options. And it is going well.
Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets: That's really good color. This might be a jump all to, and if John has any commentary as well, you have a lot of cash on the balance sheet. Net leverage is the lowest it's been in a long time at two times. I think you guys are on track to generate $500 million of free cash flow. What do you want to do with the cash? And in concert with review of the portfolio from a strategic alternative standpoint, how relevant is M&A? And what are you thinking about returning cash? Thanks and good luck.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Bob, in terms of capital allocation, in the near term, we have been consistent in saying, that we want to pay down some debt in the near term. And so we do have some of the cash on the balance sheet earmarked for that debt repayment. That said, to your other point, we are looking at some other uses of our cash. And we did raise the dividend in the second quarter. As you may recall, in May. We had about 20% dividend increase that we announced. At the same time, M&A is something that we would consider for our portfolio. But right now, the add-on, bolt-on acquisitions to some of our existing portfolio businesses as opposed to going out and putting in a new line of business is something that we are not currently in. So don't think of it as a huge stretch of a huge acquisitions at this point. That's not something that we are contemplating at all.
Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Nick Coppola from Thompson Research Group. Your line is open.
Nick Coppola - Thompson Research Group: Hi, good morning.
Keith Allman: Good morning
Nick Coppola - Thompson Research Group: I am hoping to drill down a little bit more on what exactly happened in cabinets in the quarter and particularly some more color on the ERP implementation and where the additional expenses that may have been unexpected came from? And as a follow-up to that, do you have any view on how much revenue was missed in Q2 by the longer lead times?
Keith Allman: In terms of the cost variances driven by the ERP implementation, to deliver on our industry-leading lead times and fill rates information is key. You need to have a timely information of demand and you need to have an understanding of where the product is as we execute in a build-to-order kitchen at a time environment with no finished goods and we are talking in the range of millions of SKUs when you look at the configuration possibilities across the entire assortment. So information is key and when you implement an ERP system and we had some issues that we didn't catch in our early testing, and it took a while to uncover those issues and resolve them. And when you have inaccurate and non-timely information flowing into the system that's tight, you tend to have back orders. And those backorders drive you into running off a hot list and it becomes difficult to maintain the fill rates in the standard cost that you drive for. So it was a combination of things. But fundamentally, it was issues relating to information in terms of demand and knowing where we are.
Nick Coppola - Thompson Research Group: Okay. That makes a lot of sense, and then, my last question for you would be about pricing at big-box and I guess my question, what these promotional activities looked like and whether or not there's been any discount in there?
Keith Allman: In terms of pricing at big-box, I think we have, as I mentioned in my remarks, I think we have lost some share when you look at the timing of some of our actions versus our competition. But again, we are committed to our approach, which is to be strategic and creative in how we use our promotions to hit that sweet spot of bringing value to the consumer and being most productive for us. So will continue to tweak it, but we wish that we remain committed to our approach.
Nick Coppola - Thompson Research Group: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Mike Dahl from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Dahl - Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks, and nice job in a tough environment here. Just following up on the last comment there. Should we interpret this as, the comments around promotional activity, that there's still elevated promotions by competitors in the channel? And is there any way, any color around what types of promotions you think are most effective today?
Keith Allman: In terms of these elevated promotion, we have seen it come down substantially from what it was quite frosty in the downturn. The price increase that we put in, we were leaders in that. I think that also contributed to some of the issues we have had in the topline. In terms of the most effective promotion, it really various. There is certainly promotions that are effectively to administered to push to close. There is promotions that involve incentivizing our customer base to move up and to have a more contented product to go into glazed finishes, for example, to go into all plywood construction. Those sorts of things. So that's what think about. We think about how can we bring value to the consumer, how can we move them up, so that's favorable for us in terms of margins, and of course we look at the competitive environment.
Mike Dahl - Credit Suisse: Got it. Thanks, and then second question. Just a quick one on FX. I think you talked about the sales impact there. I am wondering what was the impact on operating profit from FX? Thanks.
John Sznewajs: Hang on, Mike, as we pull that up real quick. It was a relatively small amount. FX overall for the company was just a favorable $2 million.
Mike Dahl - Credit Suisse: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of David Goldberg from UBS. Your line is open.
David Goldberg - UBS: Thanks. Good quarter, and thank you for taking my questions. My first question was on the Behr Marquee roll-out and the success you have been having. And I am wondering if you can talk a little bit about where the customers are coming from? Are these people who would have bought another Behr paint but they are trading up in terms of price point? Are you cannibalizing your own sales? Or are they coming from somewhere else? That's my first question.
Keith Allman: The roll-out has gone very well for us. We started in Canada. And we got the Marquee rolled out in 180 stores up in Canada. And we are also starting to roll-out our new color selection merchandising up there and it's going quite well. We are seeing good growth with it. Both ourselves and Home Depot are pleased with how its going and we are focused on executing that rollout here in the United States. In terms of where our customers are coming from, difficult to parse that out. Clearly, this is not all, there is incremental volume here for us. This is a substantially different price point and a different product and we like where this is going as evidenced by our success where it has already been rolled out.
David Goldberg - UBS: Great, and then just as a follow-up, you talked about gaining share in the dealer channel in the cabinet business. And I am wondering if you can talk about how you guys benchmark execution and customer satisfaction in that business relative to some of the other competitors? And the reason I ask is, because I would assume as a huge driver of share gains and wins, is making sure the end user is happy and therefore the dealers are happy. So maybe if you could talk about where you guys you think you are in terms of execution in that business? And how you benchmark where you are relative to the competition?
Keith Allman: I think we are doing very well and the results bear that out. We have put a concerted effort into the product assortment to make sure that we have the appropriate products for this market. We have executed initiatives focused on urban markets in big cities, which is very tightly linked to this higher-end showroom consumer. We have looked at how we attack this segment from a sales representation standpoint. We have looked at our incentives associated with our sales reps in this line of business. So, as is usually the case, it's not one silver bullet, but it's been a number of initiatives. In terms of how we gauge customer satisfaction, at the higher-end in the showroom model, this tends to be an assisted sale, and we value very much the opinion of those showroom folks that are in these dealerships that are helping the consumer. And we put a concerted effort with our programs. Over the course of six weeks nonstop, we bring in showroom associates into our corporate headquarters down in Indianapolis. We talk to them about what new products they need, about how we can do better from customer service to pricing and promotions, all those sorts of things. And we survey those influencers constantly and we ask for their ideas for improvements. So that's principally where we go to gauge customer satisfaction.
David Goldberg - UBS: That's very helpful. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Philip Ng from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: Hi, good morning, guys. New construction is still a little bit spotty, but you sound generally a little more upbeat on the back half. Will most of the pickup be driven on the cabinet side? I know it's been a nice growth driver this past year.
John Sznewajs: Phil, it is John. As you think about how the back half has been developing, again as I alluded to earlier, we do think if you are of the mindset that we are going to have a million housing start, a fair amount of growth will be driven by our installation business. And then as we talked about earlier, with repair remodel, we are seeing a little bit of a choppiness effect there where the lower ticket items, we are seeing good experience with them, seeing some good strength there, but to a lesser degree, on the bigger ticket. So I think cabinets actually would be less of a driver in the second half of the year than either the lower ticket or the new construction portion of our business.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: Got you, very helpful. And Keith, can you give us a little preview on how you are thinking about your longer-term initiatives? Are you looking more on the growth side, cost take-out or even possibly capital deployment?
Keith Allman: We are looking at shareholder value in the long-term and that's the fundamental lens there. We are evaluating all our options there.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: Okay, all right. Thanks for the color. Good luck in the quarter.
Keith Allman: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to the presenters.
Keith Allman: Well, thank you very much. Have a great day. And I appreciate all the questions. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria C. Duey - VP, IR and Communications Keith J. Allman - President and CEO John G. Sznewajs - VP, Treasurer and CFO
Analysts: Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Market Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital George Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse Stephen F. East - ISI Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's First Quarter 2014 Conference Call. My name is Tiffany and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. (Operator Instructions).  I will now turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Maria Duey. Maria, you may begin.
Maria C. Duey : Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Joining me on our call today are Keith Allman, President and CEO of Masco and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion on our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. As a reminder we would appreciate it if you were to limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we are unable to take your question during the call please feel free to call me directly at 313 792-5500. I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Qs that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Any references to operating profit, earnings per share or cash flow on today's call will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted, with a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our quarterly press release and presentation slides in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.masco.com.  With that I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Allman. Keith?
Keith J. Allman:  Thank you, Maria, and thanks to all of you for joining us today for Masco's first quarter 2014 earnings call. Please flip to with slide number four. As we have for the last 10 quarters MASCOs first quarter 2014 results showed year-over-year sales and profit growth and margin expansion compared to the prior year quarter. Our new products and program wins drove sales in the quarter. We also continued to benefit from the positive trends in new home construction and improving repair and re-model activity.  Plumbing installation and other specialty performed well this quarter and we are very happy with their results. Our international sales and profits exceeded our expectations with an exceptionally solid performance by our international plumbing and window businesses. We continue to see strength in the European economy, particularly in Germany and the UK. Hansgrohe did extremely well reporting their best sales quarter in history.  The team's execution, coupled with new products drove sales throughout the quarter; hats off to [Frank Semling] the team at Hansgrohe. In North America we experienced our typical first quarter seasonal slowdown. In addition the adverse weather conditions caused a short term closure of multiple facilities in our cabinetry and installation segment and a myriad of other inefficiencies, such as increased fuel cost, production and project delays and poor painting conditions. Despite this, our focus on execution helped to mitigate the negative impact in regions not affected by weather such as our window business on the West coast and our international sales we saw strong comps. We believe that while the weather certainly challenged our first quarter the demand for goods and services was not lost but rather deferred to latter periods.  Turning to slide number five on our last call we outlined our priorities for 2014. Although still early in the year we have already made progress against these objectives. We continue to grow share in our market leading brands.  Delta continues to gain share as we move into adjacent categories in the bath and they continue to hold the number one share of shelf position in big box retailers. Our North American window business, Milguard due to its new product introductions continues to gain share. Masco has a long history of customer focused innovation this year is no different. We started to rollout our new BEHR MARQUEE interior paint in the first quarter and well continue to do so in the coming month as we move into the majority of the U.S. and all Canadian Home Depot stores.  Our installation and cabinetry business remained a major focus for us. We still have a lot of work to as we move these businesses towards sustainable profitable growth. In installation our commercial business had a great quarter with strong volume increases. The residential portion of the business also performed well despite the weather with mid-single digit volume growth. We are excited to announce that we recently won the 2014 energy star award from the U.S. environmental protection agency. This is the ninth time weve won the award and it recognizes our industry leading commitment to energy efficiency and building science expertise; job well done to Robert Buck and the team at Deltona.  Related to cabinetry we continue to be pleased with our progress with the dealers and builders and are working to improve our performance in retail. The weather was certainly a substantial headwind for us this quarter. Additionally we incurred costs associated with the stabilization of business such as the previously announced plant closures and the standardization of ERP systems. We believe that our recent customer focused product launches and disciplined pricing will add value over the long term. The stabilization of this business will not happen overnight. We remain committed to the long-term success of this business. Internationally, we continue to expand and are extremely pleased with our results from the first quarter. Our international plumbing business was up mid-single-digits in local currency and as I mentioned earlier, Hansgrohe had its best sales quarter ever and is benefiting from the increased demand for luxury goods. UK economy is improving and we're seeing strong sales from our businesses there. Driving operational leverage across the organization is a key priority for us. We have consolidated Masco Behr in to Delta and are announcing savings in brand leverage from this move. We continue to manage cost aggressively and we are on target to achieve approximately $115 million of profit improvements gross for the year. Our balance sheet remains a focus for us as well. Our working capital as a percentage of sales is now at 13.3%, down from 14.2% a year ago. These highlights demonstrate our continued focus on execution, which produced another good quarter. Please move to slide number six, where John Sznewajs, our CFO will take you through our financial and operation review.
John G. Sznewajs:  Thank you Keith and good morning everyone. If you please turn to slide seven, as Maria mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and other one-time charges. We started 2014 with positive momentum from last year. As Keith mentioned, the first quarter was our 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and profit growth. Sales increased 5% as we experienced sales growth in all of our segments. Sales in North America were up 3% for the quarter. We continue to experience growing demand for our new home construction in our Behr modeling products, including big ticket repair remodel products despite the impact of adverse weather in the first quarter. As a reminder, repair remodel activity represents approximately 70% of our total sales. International sales increased 7% in local currency in the quarter with much of the strength coming from our UK businesses as the housing market there strengthens and core market growth of our international plumbing businesses. Gross margin expanded approximately 60 basis points, compared to the first quarter of last year to 28% largely due to improvement in plumbing segment. We delivered strong bottom line performance as our operating income increased 12% in the quarter to $157 million with the operating margins expanding 50 basis points to 8%, the strongest first quarter margin we have posted in several years. EPS was $0.15, an improvement of $0.02 or 15% compared to the first quarter of last year. Turning to slide eight, we see the components of our operating income improvement in the first quarter. The $21 million increase in net volume mix was principally driven by volume increases we experienced in each reporting segment, largely due to the increased repair remodel activity and favorable mix in our plumbing segment. This strength was partially offset by negative mix in our Cabinets, Decorative and the Installation segment.  Net price commodity improved approximately $12 million for the first quarter, largely driven by Cabinets, Pluming, Installation and other specialty segments. This improvement was partially offset by an unfavorable price commodity relationship in the decorative architectural segment. This also reflects the year-over-year impact of our metals hedge which was $1 million favorable for the current quarter.  We captured $31 million of profit improvements gross in the quarter. These improvements were more than offset by general inflation and weather related costs, program support and growth initiatives spend in paint and inefficiencies in our Cabinet operations. For 2014, we expect to generate approximately $150 million of profit improvements growth, similar to what we have observed on average for last five years, largely coming from continuous improvements in supply chain work. Turning to slide nine, you can see that we delivered solid performance in our plumbing segment with sales increasing 5% in the quarter as our innovative new products drove consumer demand in addition to solid trade and project activity globally.  Strong sales momentum continued in North American, particularly in the trade channel which grew low double-digits percent excluding our recent exit of bathing. This reflects increased repair remodel activity resulting from our continuing investments in the showroom, commercial and multi-family segments of this channel. We also saw single-digit growth, sales volume growth from our other North American business such as rough plumbing. Our USP and sales gains continued with sales increasing mid-single-digit percentages in local currency led by Hansgrohe with solid demand in our core Central European markets driven by Hansgrohes innovative new select product-line. Operating profit increased 39% or $34million, driven by incremental volume, a favorable mix shift due to increased trade sales and strong productivity and cost control compared to the first quarter of last year. Turning to slide 10, consumer demand for new product introductions, such as BEHR DECKOVER and strong performance in our Pro business drove a 2% sales increase in the segment. As a result we realized lower single-digit gallon growth in the quarter. Weather clearly affected this business in the quarter. If we exclude Canada and the weather impacted reasons of the Northern U.S. we experienced high single-digit gallon growth in the rest of the U.S.  Liberty Hardware experienced strong growth and contributed to the top and bottom lines of this segment with continued share gains and new programs at retail. As we continue our legacy of driving superior innovation we are in the process of introducing BEHR MARQUEE interior paint our most advanced interior paint offering exceptional one coat coverage and superior stain resistance. We started selling MARQUEE Interior in Home Depot stores in the first quarter and will be selling in all Canadian Home Depot stores by early second quarter and we will replace in most U.S. Home Depot stores by the end of September.  We pulled forward $5 million in advertising and merchandising to support this product launch and continue to invest in our international and professional growth initiatives which when coupled with an unfavorable price/commodity relationship and negative mix due to increase Pro sales more than offset Liberty Hardware's improved profit performance. As a result of the BEHR MARQUEE interior product introduction and several new program wins at Liberty we expect to incur approximately $5 million of incremental program cost in the second quarter. And as we have discussed for more than a year, given our high ROA growth initiatives to grow gallons with the Pro and internationally we continue to anticipate that annual operating margins for the segment will be in the high-teens compared to the historic margins. Turning to slide 11, with the environment and market dynamics for Cabinetry are gradually improving in both the remodeling and new home construction segments. And we are pleased with the market's reaction to our new product introductions. We expect the completion of our major Merillat new product roll-out in the second quarter. Management continues to drive the stabilization of this business. We generated price realization and improved sales to our dealer in building accounts in the quarter. However, we experience reduced sales to the retail channel. As a result North American Cabinet sales were flat in the quarter. Our bottom line in the quarter benefited from our continued discipline around pricing and promotion activity. This benefit was more than offset by negative mix due to improved builder sales and weather related inefficiencies. In addition, we incurred IT cost as we finalize this standardization of our systems. Inefficiencies as we transfer production from the announced plant closure last year and elevated costs associated with quality to ensure our new products meet customer expectations.  In the second quarter we will incur approximately $4 million to $5 million of costs to complete the implementation of the ERP system with our final manufacturing facility. We remain confident in our management and committed to long-term success of this business.  Turning to slide 12, segment sales growth of 7% was driven by strong results in our distribution, residential new construction, and commercial channels, delayed home building activity due to poor weather conditions in parts of the county dampened our growth in the quarter. This said we experienced robust growth in those regions of the country not impacted by weather. Additionally the increase in multifamily starts as a percentage of total housing starts contributed to negative mix in the quarter. We anticipate this impact will moderate as the year progresses.  Operating profit was flat in the first quarter as a result of increased volume, profit improvements and a favorable price commodity relationship that was offset by wage inflation, growth investments, the increased multifamily mix in weather and efficiencies. We added two new locations in the first quarter and anticipate adding additional approximately $13 million greenfield locations in the balance of this year.  Turning to slide 13, our other specialty products segment increased 13% driven by mid-teen sales volume growth in our North American window business. This growth was driven by favorable market conditions and share gains in the western U.S. which yielded strong sales increases in both repair and remodel and new home construction channels. Our European window business positively contributed to the segments top-line and bottom-line due to the continued success of our small composite door acquisition in the first quarter of last year and improvement in the UK new home construction market. The segment's operating profit growth in the quarter can be attributed to increased volumes in a favorable price commodity relationship, partially offset by ERP investment. Turning to slide 14, we continue to have strong performance in working capital. Working capital as a percent of sales came in at 13.3% a 90 basis points improvement from the first quarter of last year. I want to thank the supply chain, operations and finance teams for driving this great outcome. We ended the quarter with about $1.2 billion of balance sheet liquidity down from the year-end as we are in a traditional cash burn cycle in the first part of the year.  So with that I'll turn the call back over to Keith.
Keith J. Allman : Thank you, John. Please move to slide 16 for a few comments before we go to Q&A. Over the past two months since assuming my new role I've been out meeting with the investment community as well as many of our large retail dealer and home builder customers. I'll continue to do so. As I've said before I was extremely involved in developing the strategy here at Masco in my role as Group President and I do not have any major strategic changes to announce at this time. I am committed to value creation and will focus on execution to drive productivity in our cost structure, our innovation pipeline and market share.  As we anticipate -- we anticipate that the positive trends in new home construction and home improvement in North America and Europe will continue. Having said that there are macroeconomic factors that could be a headwind for us going forward, including the pace of the global economic recovery. Our size, scale and relationships with our customers allow us to rapidly respond to increased demand in new home construction and repair and remodel. We're excited about the future and we believe that Masco is well positioned for growth.  With that the lines will be open for questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Good morning. Two things. Thanks for the color on trends for the quarter, just curious you talked about how ex-weather the results were and wondering if you can give us some sense of as we've gotten into April if that has further moderated and even if you could give us some further sense on what March might have looked like so we can start to dimensionalize what the impact of weather has been on the business and what it looks like. 
John G. Sznewajs : Certainly Eric. It's John. So if you think about Q1 being up 5% for the quarter we were up pretty much mid-single digits for each month of the quarter. Here in early in April now it's a little bit early for us because we still have about a week in the month. Things look like we're up low to mid-single digits that said I think there is a couple of things impacting it. Obviously Easter was in the tail end of March last year. We had Easter here in the middle of the month. Now also I'd say we are up against a pretty tough comp as we were up mid-teens percentages in April of last year. So we are seeing some moderation or some improvement in our new construction related activities as we've seem to be gaining some momentum in those businesses.  That said I think like lot of other folks we generally think that demand was deferred out of the first quarter and will be made up in subsequent quarters. 
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Right, secondly cabinet and install profit improvement in 2013 was quite impressive in this first quarter looks like took a pause in that, just curious as we think about 2014 if we should continue to see meaningful recovery in those or if last year was the big progress and now the progress in 2014 is more moderate just trying to put that in context. 
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah I will take a little bit on install and I'll turn it over to Keith to talk about cabin. So the weather was a pretty significant impact on the first quarter. To give you kind of a sense we had 750 branch days closed in the first quarter due to weather on Q1. So if you think about that we have 190 branches that means each of our branches on average was closed for four days during the first quarter.  So that gives you a pretty dramatic sense, so as things begin to improve we do think that the incremental margins that we experienced, that we should experience in that 25% range may be little bit north of that should play out as the year rolls out here in 2014. I'll ask Keith to answer that little bit on cabinet.
Keith J. Allman: Eric the team that was executing against the solid plan that's as a phased approach a big part of that plan is the stabilization phase we're working to optimize our supply chain, our manufacturing footprint and standardized IT infrastructure across the network and we encourage some cost in the quarter to do that as we discussed, the closure of our Jackson facility in Ohio, the implementation of our IT system in our Mount Jackson, Virginia plant. And the weather as we said was a substantial headwind for us in the quarter. We have taken down significant number of production days.  We took down production shifts we had production shifts that were interrupted and had to be cancelled due to incremental weather and of course throughout the quarter we had many cases where it was difficult for people to make it to work.  So obviously we don't anticipate that to continue through the year. We remain confident in this business. Going forward we continue to work to drive it towards the 10% operating income business at 1.5 million starts with commensurate repair and remodeling left.  The team is in place, is actively listening to the customer and closing the gap between what we need to serve them and where we're at and we feel good about it looking forward. 
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert C. Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Market: Hey good morning. Was hoping I could get some clarification, you had mentioned $150 million of improvement and I was just trying to see if you could provide us with some granularity on where that's coming from and is that just strictly internal cost savings away from price commodity and mix. Thank you. 
Keith J. Allman:  Bob that is internal cost savings that we're driving to our total cost productivity initiatives. It ranges from our plus 21 program in Europe that is over in Hansgrohe to drive cost and supply chain and new product development processes. Certainly material is a big component of that as we drive value engineering to better serve our customer at the appropriate price points.  It includes commodity strategies and of course the Masco business system focused on labor productivity, lean manufacturing and optimizing our footprint. So it really is a cost reduction initiatives that goes across the broad spectrum of the business.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Market: And just in terms of that how should we think about that flowing through across the year? 
John G. Sznewajs : Yeah Bob it's John. The way I would think about it, as you think about the last couple of years I think we realized about $60 million of that benefit net in 2012 and about $90 million net in 2013. So my guess is that we think we can do about the same that we did last year kind of a somewhere between $15 million and $20 million net improvement over the course of this year.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Market: Got it, thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks, good morning. First question I wanted to ask was in the discussion of some of the factors that affected 1Q, I know you mentioned of the slowdown that we have seen in housing starts generally. Just the trend slowdown we have seen since the second half of last year. So I just wanted to dig into that a little bit and does that mean that you are not seeing it in your business yet because of construction delays? Was it hard to kind of parse that impact because of weather or I guess really the most important part of that question, is that something that's still coming or is it already been factored in?
John G. Sznewajs:  This is John. I do think we saw a little bit of that in the first quarter. Now that said, you could just parse the weather impact is Q1. But like the other thing that we are experiencing is extended build times in the new home construction, and site hours extended. Now I think that's partly due to weather. So what we traditionally been in kind of 90 day lag from housing start announcements we are seeing closer to in certainly in this case is 120 to 150 day lag. So that's definitely impacted. So than we damped the impact of that effect over the course of the first quarter.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG: Got it. Thanks. And the second question I wanted to ask was on retail channel. In plumbing, you described wholesale and trade channel doing well. And Cabinet, builder and dealers channels doing well and in paint you described obviously some of the weather-related weakness. So all of that kind of points to the retail channels being weaker. I know you don't provide key retailers sales, but I was wondering if you could just give us color on whether or not the retail side of things was particularly weak this quarter.
Keith J. Allman:  This is Keith. Nishu it's again, it's difficult to parse out the effect of weather with extreme accuracy, but I would say that the weather effect was more pronounced to the retail channel in the net area than the trade channel, where in paint for example professional painters are going to paint independent of weather versus whether there could be more of an effect on the retail consumer. So I would not characterize that we had significant issues at all in retail versus the trade channel. I think it was more of a weather related.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  You next question comes from line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Keith J. Allman:  Good morning.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: I guess the first question is just on the Cabinet segment and the ERP implementation. It's sounds like that, was may be a bigger hurdle than was expected and may be some of this is weather as well but just a loss on the segment accelerating. Can you just put may be some context around what this means from operational standpoint and how it's affecting the business?
Keith J. Allman:  Team is executing as I said against a turnaround plan that is phased, begun with the rapid turnaround to drive the business to profitability in 2013 and we achieved that. We have moved in and are well along the stabilization phase where we're focused on optimizing the supply chain, manufacturing footprint and the IT platform. This is the last of our plans that we needed to standardize across the common IT platform. I am a stickler for that. I think we need that as a foundation as we move forward and pivot to the growth phase.  So there will be some carryover costs into the next quarter as we get through the ERP implementation and through the final aspects of the production shift from our Jackson, Ohio closure. So I would expect that a little bit leap over in to Q2 and then that would be it.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC:  Aside from the cost side Keith, this is impacting your ability to ship or revenue in the quarter in anyway?
Keith J. Allman: We are experiencing some issues with regard to our fill rates but the team is down there and quickly counter measuring it. I would say having done numerous ERP implementations in my carrier that this is what we typically see when we are doing an ERP implementation.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC:  Okay, and then just separately, I was wondering from your perspective the international operations, how much of deceleration or strength that you are seeing in Hansgrohe may be even the Windows business, it is the market starting to show some cyclical recovery versus internal actions in market share.
Keith J. Allman: I think it's a combination of both. In Central Europe, the economy is coming back nicely for us. In the UK the economy is accelerating with some of the government actions that they are doing to support housing as well as the overall economy. So there certainly is a macroeconomic effect that we're seeing. However we're also gaining market share. Hansgrohe has put significant -- has always and continues to put significant effort into their innovation pipeline. John briefly mentioned in his remarks our select product which is really industry leading and that's taking off tremendously.  We have outstanding sales teams throughout Europe and internationally that are driving market share gains for us. I think the ability to grow like we have in the face of some of the issues in Russia for example and the Ukraine that we're faced with shows that we're both gaining market share as well as enjoying macroeconomic recovery.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay, thank you guys. Have a nice weekend.
Keith J. Allman: You too. 
John G. Sznewajs: Thanks Dennis. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Barclays. Your line is open. 
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much guys. First question I had related to paint. I think you talked about the fact that in Canada you're gone be expensing about an extra, I think you said $5 million in extra cost again in 2Q for the rollout. I was curious whether or not there would be some sort of loading effect during the next quarter or two which might to some degree offset that. 
John G. Sznewajs: So Stephen it's John. The $5 million that we are going into incur is not just in Canada but actually across all both businesses in the segment. So both there as well as the hardware will be incurring cost, there are a fair number of new programs in retail and of course of the last I guess since the beginning of the year. In terms of the loading effect for the new BEHR MARQUEE there will be a slight loading impact but generally what we are anticipating as the sell-through will be pretty good as well. 
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital: Okay, okay so not much loading effect then. Okay, second question relates to your cabinets business. You've talked about and -- you talked about targeting growth in the dealer channel and that's actually something that we've been hearing a little bit more from a number of players. And so I guess I'm curious who do intend to -- who do you anticipate that you'll be gaining share form in the dealer channel. Are we primarily going to be talking about private players who are at somewhat higher price points or are you anticipating it would be somebody out that you could characterize in some way for us to be helpful. And which brands do you anticipate leading that effort or initiative. 
Keith J. Allman: What we're seeing in our dealer -- this is Keith, Stephen. And so what we're seeing in our dealer channel is that it hasn't been so much an issue of losing dealers as it has been share of wallet in those dealers. And as we intensely listen to what we need to do to serve those dealers particularly in the area of new products introductions and programs and we've responded to that. We're starting to get traction.  In terms of the specific brands that we believe we're taking share of that that's difficult for us to tell. But we're definitely seeing an improvement in our share. With regards to the brands we're seeing it across both our quality and our craft made by and in terms of dealer with the new home construction increase, with Merillat and the dealers that serve those, we're seeing a nice lift and a share gain as well as at our more our out focus craft made dealers. 
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, to add to Keith's comments. I will tell you that on our craft we come out with some products that are deliberately focused on the dealer channel. So that's something that we're definitely going to focus on over the course of 2014.
Keith J. Allman: If you are out at the Kitchen and Bath Show, you saw some of our new products in terms of style that won several awards out there and you also saw the craft made advantage program that we're launching in the dealer channel to give our dealers a differentiated capability. That was something that we heard from them in our dealer councils and the team at cabinetry responded quickly to get it to them and we're seeing and hearing very nice reports back.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thanks very much guys. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from line of George Staphos with Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
George Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch : Thanks everyone, good morning. Congratulation on the progress. First question is on retail trend. If I heard you correctly I think you said or you implied anyway that you have lost maybe some sales momentum and market share in cabinets. Was that a function of your ERP rollout or is that a function of something else? And within paint I think you said you had low single-digit gallon growth I seem to remember some of the other coating companies this quarter putting up a better percentage growth. Is that a function again of the differentiation say between DIY and pro relative if to your competitors or do you in fact think you lost some market share there? And then I had a follow on.
Keith J. Allman: Good morning George. On the remodeling side with cabinets, Ill take that and then John can follow-up with the paint question. I would say that it's difficult to nail down the market size component of the market share calculation at retail particularly when you are talking about a volatile environment with regards to the weather and as well as the choppy environment Ill call it with regards to promotion.  We, as part of our turnaround plan in cabinets a fundamental aspect of the plan was to be a leader in correcting what we believed to be unsustainable levels of promotional activities. And we are doing that and it's paying off for us. However that discipline isnt always followed. In the quarter when some of our competitors had different approaches to promotions it can result in some temporary share loss and I think that was the key driver or so than any operational issue associated with ERP.
John G. Sznewajs:  George as I like to on the paint side you know as Keith referenced a little bit earlier we saw very good strength in our pro-oriented business. That said our DYI business was a little bit soft during the quarter and we do attribute that simply to the fact that it is much more difficult for DIY to paint in some of the adverse conditions that we experienced in the first quarter compared to the pro-painter. So might there have been a little bit of different, just because of the nature of our customers base I think we are little bit differentiated from some of the other paints companies that have reported prior to us. 
George Staphos BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then the second question in realizing it's a little bit like a world peace question, you know a lot of the other companies that we track, especially in wood products and your [wood] has seen really apparently nice pick up in April versus first quarter it sounds like your business in total has seen some sequential deceleration, recognizing that you have a very difficult comparison. What do you attribute your recent percentage changes versus the year ago performance relative to rest of the market it appear that youve lost little bit of salesmen. Do you think it's just a comp or you think there is something else going on? Thank you guys good luck in the quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, thanks George. Yeah I think it is more of a comp at this point. And I think things are as weather improves we are seeing slow momentum build across our businesses and so I think it's more of a comp than anything else.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Rudiger from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo: Good morning. We noticed that you guys are getting back into the [marque] cabinet business so just wondering if you could discuss some of the thought processes behind that?
Keith J. Allman: Good morning Adam this is Keith. Our RTA product is a niche product that weve launched for the trade. It's a product that is sold through to our distributors. It could be assembled by the distributors or assembled by us. But it's, as I said a niche product that's meeting a specific need mainly from multi-family and our distribution channel. It's not a retail product and we are just getting started.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo: Okay. So it's not like the [inaudible] it's a different. 
Keith J. Allman: Yes it's a completely different product model and target customer. 
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo: Okay. And then moving to paint for a second if you look at the gallon growth that you saw and you look at the mix from MARQUEE versus the other BEHR products. Is your sense that the MARQUEE is a kind of an additive product or is it something that somewhat cannibalizes the lower price point BEHR products. And then when you think about the opportunity based upon your experience with the exterior what do you think the opportunity is on the interior side for additive growth?
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, I think this is good opportunity and this is actually a new price point for both us and the retail channel partner. Because the retail price points will be north of $40. So really dont see significant cannibalization occurring rather appealing to a new set of consumer for ourselves and our channel partner. So would you think it is finally additive you know we recognize it's not going to be a main line product just given the price points that it plays at but it should be a nice move up product for those that choose to do so. 
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies. Your line is open. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. Well this is actually [Steve]. Europe has actually turned and bounced back of it. How should we think about the operating leverage of that business?
Keith J. Allman: So the operating leverage in our European business is actually quite similar to all of our businesses because it's -- we've got cabinets and our plumbing businesses over there. So in general we see about 30% drop down in our European businesses as compared to our installation business here. So as you think about that, that's actually very consistent both domestically here and as-well-as internationally. 
Unidentified Analyst : Got you. And in terms of the margin profile I understand last year in the back half it was little more heavier in terms of promotional and advertising spend and it seems like there was a bigger spend this first half as well. So when we think about margin profile in the back half should we expect it to expand in the back half for decorative?
Keith J. Allman: Are you speaking specifically about decorative?
Unidentified Analyst : That's right. Decorative. 
Keith J. Allman: Okay. Yeah, so we did actually pull forward some advertising out of Q2 and into Q1 to support this MARQUEE launch. That said I also referenced today that we will have about $5 million of incremental expense in Q2 compared to last year's second quarter because of some new program and product wins. That -- mind it was done in the second quarter though and due to the fact that we were winning new business and we will be happy to incur additional costs like that in future periods to the extent we're getting shelf space with new product wins and program wins.  As it relates to the back half of the year I think our advertising spend will be fairly consistent. We did indicate earlier that we will have about -- we probably have about $10 million incremental program costs in this year versus last year. 
Unidentified Analyst : Okay, when you say fairly consistent, as in fairly consistent to the first half of it or fairly consistent to last year?
Keith J. Allman: I am sorry. Fairly consistent to what we said earlier about the $10 million of incremental spend. 
Unidentified Analyst : Okay. All right. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open. 
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hi. My question is in the installations segment we've seen some inflation in installation last couple of quarters just were kind of impacted, back half in the numbers. And as you out to next several quarters in installation we've all seen the slowdown in starts, how is that going to play out do you think in your numbers through the year?
John G. Sznewajs : Hey, Keith it's John. Yeah we've seen some price inflation and installation prices have increased over the course of the last several quarters. But as said -- as I indicated in my prepared remarks we did have a favorable price commodity relationship in that segment in Q1. So while we try to always improve our internal cost structure through productivity improvement and other means we were also in a position to pass it on price. To your second question about the slowdown in starts, as I mentioned earlier we're seeing an elongated bill cycle right now. So that will have a low burden impact on us in future periods.  So as I said what we're seeing right now is that our bid rates are building and those generally turn into activity several months out. So I think as the weather breaks here in North America then we should see some consistency -- some consistent growth. With that said we're up against some pretty difficult comps. Now we've some pretty strong comps in that segment throughout 2013. So if housing starts aren't as -- don't increase as rapidly as they did last year it will have a little bit dampening impact on the growth rate in the segment. 
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So if we start activity meaningfully pick up in next quarter, is the lag is still 30 days -- 90 days, 120 days something like before you would see activity or what do you think the lag is right now?
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. I'd say there is still a little bit of tightness on the front end of the build cycle, Keith so I would tell you that we're seeing kind of a 120 to 150 days right now. Also remember Keith with the high multifamily mix that we're experiencing. 38% of the total starts in the quarter which is up significantly on average it's been closer to 15% over the last 10 years. So that is definitely an impact on the build cycle.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Your line is open. 
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research : Good morning. Just a follow-up question on the international growth you called out an improving UK market but how much of the international improvement in the quarter was weather, Europe was really dry, was there any portfolio effect at all? 
Keith J. Allman: Clearly as harsh a winter as we had here in North America they had a light winter there and I think that was an effect. But I will go back to my earlier comments on the new product introduction, how the customers responding to those and the job that Hansgrohe is doing with regard to share gain. 
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah we dont think there was much of a portfolio effect out of Q2 or any subsequent quarter into the first quarter. We continue to see good strength in our European operations. 
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you. And then just a follow up question and Keith, you talked about high single-digit growth in non-weather hit markets in the first quarter. Do you guys think that's a more representative growth figure for R&R and gallon growth over the course of the year as weather improves in other parts of the country? 
Keith J. Allman: Typically we see kind of mid-single-digit gallon growth over the course of the year. There are periods of -- it's little bit more robust particularly every second and third quarters tend to be the painting season. But we generally think of this business is as a GDP plus 1% or 2% type business. 
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg with UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst : Good morning it's actually Susan for David. You guys have discussed the improving repair remodel trend that you are continuing to see and I just wanted to get a better sense of what you're seeing in terms of some of the consumer behavior there? Are you seeing any more willingness to perhaps move out in terms of price point or may be some higher tickets finishes things along that line. 
Keith J. Allman: Susan this is Keith we are in fact seeing that. You can see that with in segment where there is a move up to a higher content and product, we're seeing good volume in our painted product in cabinetry for example. We're also seeing that across our other businesses, our window business is doing very well and that's considered a big ticket item.  Our spa business which is a luxury, certainly bigger ticket item is moving along nicely. So I would say yes we are seeing a movement up in terms of the consumer that's balanced of course by mix shifts that we see as new construction is growing at a rapid, more rapid pace than the base business and that tends to be a little bit more [de-contented]. So the whole issue of big ticket is a tale of two cities and move up in the confidence in the consumer for sure but also a mix shift as new construction and multi-family become a bigger part of the mix. 
Unidentified Analyst : Okay. And then your working capital was really impressive this quarter, especially given all the inefficiencies that you guys face that you've discussed do you expect that, that kind of progress will continue were there any sort of lag effects that we should look for there, how do you think about that trending through the year. 
John G. Sznewajs: This is -- as you probably have observed we've done a very good job on working capital for the last several years. And as [inaudible] got some very specific initiatives targeting our working capital. So we've done a great job on receivables and payables, and we continue to focus on inventory we think there is some progress to be made there.  So we finished 2013 at record low levels of working capital and we continue to make progress. I should also make you aware that everyone in the organization is incentivized though the variable comp on working capital as well, so that will also help keep the guys focused on making progress on that metric. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Perfect, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Dahl with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse: Appreciate the difficulty parsing the weather impact here but I was hoping just from a margin perspective some of the things that you pointed out as far as higher fuel cost and some of the delays could you bucket those out and quantify how much of an impact we saw on margins for the quarter? 
John G. Sznewajs : Mike it's John. We took a really hard look at that. It is very, very difficult to give you anything with any amount of vigor behind it. As Keith mentioned in his remarks we had significant number of closures of faculties, not only as I mentioned in the Installation segment but across our organization, inefficiencies on deliveries, inefficiencies on job site. So you know I mean its very difficult to quantify that. I wish we could give you a pinpoint number, its just not practical to do so.
Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse: Got it, okay. And then as far as just seeing the performance in 1Q relative to your expectations, I guess does that change the way you would think about incremental margin targets for the full year here or should we still expect by year-end that you are back at the normal numbers that you talk about.
Keith J. Allman:  So, we are not -- this is this is Keith, Mike. We are not changing our look out or drop down margin on the incremental volume.
Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East with ISI Group. Your line is open.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group, Inc. : Keith, two questions on your units. One, your plumbing margin much better than we had talked in the past what you all thought was probably the run-rate. Do you think thats sustainable as we go through this year and whats happening with Europe in the recovery et cetera. And then on the installation you all had talked about three factors really affecting profits. Would you mind just -- John, maybe this is for you sort of bucketing those and rank ordering and you know how permanent and why you think multifamily dissipates in the second quarter?
Keith J. Allman :  On the plumbing side Stephen we had a lot of goods guys going in our direction for the margin. Certainly the European growth that we saw, which is the higher end part of the segment principally Hansgrohe goes with it higher margins. We had a favorable margin mix shift to the trade, the trade tends to be a higher margin for us then other channels. And then we also had a real solid performance in total cost productivity in that segment.  As I alluded to you earlier, the plus 21 improvement process at Hansgrohe, the work that Rick Marshall and the team and doing at down Delta with total cost productivity so, we had a lot of thing going in our direction. We are very happy with that and we like the performance.  Going forward when you look at where we are expanding with the accelerated international growth, which requires investments both in terms of pricing as well as infrastructure and you look at Delta Faucet planned expansion into adjacent categories and continuing to grow what we are doing in bathing and adjacent bath categories those are clearly lower margin products. So I think when you think about the long term in this is segment as we said in the range of 11% to 12%, 12% to 13% rather with some potential upside, I think is good way to think about it.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group, Inc. : Okay.
John G. Sznewajs: And Steve on the installation side. You know a couple of things there, obviously you know we talked about wage inflation, some growth investments and mix and weather inefficiencies. You know clearly weather inefficiencies is a tough one to gauge, but with our 750 branch closures you know thats clearly had a pretty significant impact on us in the quarter. Wage inflation wasnt that much. I would tell that of our four the smallest piece of it growth investments are probably the highest piece followed by increased multi-family mix being the second one. You know weather inefficiency is tough to gauge. You know as it relates to your second question about why we think the multi-family will moderate as the year develops we got to look at the ways the starts are coming in and it looks like if you roll back the phases where multifamily starts work over the last couple of quarters and we see how it influenced the first quarter, we start to see more single family activity as a percent of total start, just hit the numbers and so, thats why we think it will dissipate a little bit.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group, Inc. : Okay, thanks. Its very helpful. And then Keith, I thought the slide you had about 2014 priorities is extremely helpful there. And if you could touch on a couple of things in it; one, how you grow share and you talk about some about your strategy for international, I dont know if you have any more to add on that. And then your ERP that you have referenced a lot. How much more do you have to go on that and what type of size should we expect coming through on that?
Keith J. Allman:  In terms of the share growth its really about understanding our customer and closing the gap between what we provide and what they need as productively as we can. A big weapon in our arsenal for doing that is our strong brands, our innovation pipeline. So principally our share comes through customer intimacy and then the leverage of brands and innovation. With regards to international share, when you look across the landscape, particularly in the international faucets, you see significant wide space that we have for the Hansgrohe brand and the principal share driver on that is the good people that we have out in the markets in our sales infrastructure and the experience that we have, that comes from selling in over 135 countries. But it also comes in developing a product assortment that is targeted for regional expansion.  We also have international activity and growth that we're targeting with our BEHR brand and Delta Faucet as well. So that gives you a little bit of flavor on why we feel good about international. 
Stephen F. East - ISI Group, Inc. : Okay. Thank you. 
Maria C. Duey : That would have to be our last caller; we have to wrap up now. 
Keith J. Allman:   Okay thanks. I want thank everybody. I appreciate all the good questions and the interest and look forward to talking to many of you in May at the JPM conference. 
Operator:  This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-11 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Duey -  Timothy Wadhams - Former Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Keith J. Allman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Goldberg - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2013 Conference Call. My name is Janice, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Maria Duey. Maria, you may begin.
Maria Duey: Thank you, Janice, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call today are Tim Wadhams, President and CEO of Masco; John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer; and Keith Allman, who will become President and CEO of Masco on Friday, February 14. Our fourth quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion on our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. [Operator Instructions] If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to call me directly at (313) 792-5500. I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Qs that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Any references to operating profit, earnings per share or cash flow on today's call will be as adjusted, unless otherwise noted, with a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP in our quarterly press release and presentation slides in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Wadhams. Tim?
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Maria, and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's fourth quarter 2013 earnings call. And if you would please move to Slide #4, we're very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. We had a great year. As we have for the last several quarters, Masco's fourth quarter results showed strong sales and profit growth compared to the prior year quarter. And you might remember that in the fourth quarter of 2012, we had a very strong quarter with sales up 11%. Our leadership position in the building products industry and our focused execution against the housing recovery benefited all of our segments this quarter with all 5 contributing to our sales and profit growth. In North America, we continue to benefit from increased new home construction activity and from improving repair and remodel activity as consumers invest in bigger ticket projects, like windows and cabinets. In addition, our international sales and profits continue to increase as a result of a solid performance by our international plumbing and window businesses in a slowly improving economic environment in the Eurozone. New products and new programs resulting from our emphasis on customer-driven innovation generated a vitality index for 2013 in excess of 30% and helped Behr, Delta and Hansgrohe achieve record annual sales. We're seeing the benefit of our strict focus on cost containment, as well as our ongoing commitments to total cost productivity as evidenced by our strong incremental margins for both the fourth quarter and the full year 2013. And importantly, our installation and cabinet segments were both profitable in 2013. As previously indicated, returning these segments to profitability has been a top priority for Masco. The fourth quarter was a solid close to a strong year. For both the fourth quarter and the full year 2013, our sales were up 9% and our operating leverage drove improved operating margins, which were up over 200 basis points. And again, that's for both the fourth quarter and the full year 2013. Those metrics helped drive EPS to more than double on a full year basis and free cash flow to exceed $500 million. In addition to improving the math related to our financial results, we also accomplished each of the priorities we identified at the beginning of 2013, which are included on Slide #5. We delivered on what we said we were going to do at the beginning of the year. We'll touch on these items as we work our way through the presentation. They represent areas of focus in support of our strategic initiatives, which are included on Slide #6. As we communicated in the past, our strategy is focused on 4 key elements to drive performance. Our commitment and investment to expand our market leadership positions was illustrated by Behr's PREMIUM PLUS ULTRA recently being recognized as the #1 rated interior paint by an independent third party. We're also excited to announce the launch of our new super premium BEHR MARQUEE interior paint and primer, which is being rolled out in select markets as we speak. In addition, our phased introduction of new products to support our Merillat cabinet brand and our redesign of our Hot Spring Spas have been extremely well received by their respective dealers. Our company-wide emphasis on cost control and sales increase is reflected by our improvement in gross and operating margins. John will discuss that in a couple of minutes, but we're really pleased with that outcome. Our installation segment is capitalizing on improved market dynamics that drove sales in all channels of their business. By remaining focused on profitability, they continued their trend of improving operating profit. North American cabinetry continues to benefit from positive trends in new home construction and repair/remodel activity. As I mentioned, consumers are taking on bigger-ticket remodel projects, which is helping our KraftMaid brand, particularly in the dealer channel. The team continues to execute on their strategic plan, positioning the business for future profitable growth. Combined, these segments, cabinets and installation, improved operating profit by $22 million in the fourth quarter and by $113 million for the full year 2013 compared to 2012. In addition, we remain committed to strengthening our balance sheet and increasing our financial flexibility. John will talk about our progress in 2013 in a couple of minutes. These strategic highlights demonstrate our continued focus on execution, which produced another strong quarter and a great year. And if you would please move to Slide #7, John Sznewajs, our CFO, will take you through our financial and operational review.
John G. Sznewajs: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. If you could please flip to Slide 8. Before getting into the numbers, I've been at Tim's side for the last 7 years, and I want to thank him, acknowledge him for his leadership and wish him a long, productive and healthy retirement. And as Maria mentioned, most of my comments will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization and one-time charges. So we exited 2013 with sustained momentum. Sales in the fourth quarter increased 9% as we experienced strong sales growth in all segments. We posted this strong revenue improvement against a challenging Q4 2012 count, which was up nearly 11%. As Tim mentioned, the fourth quarter was our ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and profit growth. Looking at January, our sales increased mid-single digits percent despite the challenging weather conditions and a difficult comparison to January 2012, which was up low double digits -- I'm sorry, January '13, which was up low double digits. Overall, sales in North America were up 9% for the quarter. While we experienced the strongest sales growth in the new construction channel, we saw demand improve for our repair/remodeling products, including big-ticket repair/remodel products. And as a reminder, repair/remodel activity represented approximately 70% of our sales in 2013. International sales increased 7% in local currency in the quarter, clearly outpacing Eurozone growth with particular strength in the U.K. Gross margins expanded approximately 100 basis points compared to Q4 2012 to 27% due to improvement in every segment. And we delivered strong bottom line performance as operating income increased nearly 50% in the quarter to $153 million with operating margins expanding 210 basis points to 7.7%, the strongest fourth quarter we have reported in several years. Overall, this was a great outcome despite incurring approximately $6 million of higher insurance-related expenses in the quarter, costing us approximately $0.01 per share. And our EPS was $0.15, an improvement of $0.09 or 150% compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. If you turn to Slide 9, we see the components of our operating income improvement in 2013. The $148 million increase in net volume/mix was principally driven by the strong volume increases we experienced in each reporting segment. The strength was partially offset by an expected negative mix in our cabinet segment as our sales to builders grew at a more accelerated rate than our cabinet sales to other channels of distribution. Net price/commodity improved approximately $54 million for the full year or $6 million for the fourth quarter, largely driven by cabinets, plumbing, installation and the other specialty segments. This improvement was partially offset by an unfavorable price/commodity relationship in the decorative architectural segment. And there was no year-over-year impact of our metals hedge in the quarter. We captured $38 million of profit improvements gross in the quarter, exceeding our expectations, and these were realized in all of our businesses. These improvements were offset by higher employee-related expenses, particularly incentive compensation at the business unit level and the insurance-related costs I've mentioned previously. We are pleased with our full year profit improvement initiatives gross, totaling approximately $165 million, exceeding our prior estimate for the full year. For 2014, we expect to generate approximately $150 million of profit improvements gross, similar to what we've delivered on average for the last 5 years, largely coming from continuous improvement in supply chain activities. If you turn to Slide 10, please, you can see in the plumbing segment, we delivered a solid performance as sales increased 8% in the quarter. The strong sales momentum of our North American faucet and toilet business continued as our innovative new product introductions drove consumer demand and led to a low double digit percent sales growth in the quarter. Growth in the trade channel is very strong, up mid-teens percent and reflects our continued investments in the showroom, commercial and multifamily segments of this channel. And as we have previously mentioned, we were up against a difficult comparison in the quarter as Q4 2012 benefited from approximately $12 million of load-ins related to our retail program wins in the second half of last year. We also experienced low double digit growth from several other North American businesses, such as our rough plumbing and our spa business. Our European sales gains continued with sales increasing mid-single digits in local currency, led by Hansgrohe. Partially offsetting this growth was the exit of the unprofitable trade channel bathing business and lost retail bathing programs. These actions negatively impacted sales by approximately $10 million in the quarter and totaled approximately $50 million in 2013. For 2014, we anticipate sales will be negatively impacted by approximately $10 million for the full year. As we complete the integration of this business into Delta, we are focused on returning this business to profitability. Operating profit increased 35% or $25 million, driven by incremental volume of favorable price/commodity relationship, particularly in Europe, favorable currency impact and productivity and cost control compared to the fourth quarter of last year. If you turn to Slide 11, continued consumer demand for new product introductions, such as BEHR MARQUEE and BEHR DECKOVER, drove strong performance in our Pro business and international sales drove a 6% increase in our decorative architectural segment in the quarter. As a result, we realized high single digit gallon growth in the quarter. Liberty Hardware also continues to contribute to the top and bottom lines of this segment as a result of share gains in several new programs in retail. Our continued efforts to drive gallon growth included approximately $6 million of incremental investment in advertising, promotions and international growth which, when coupled with an unfavorable price/commodity relationship, more than offset Liberty Hardware's strong profit performance in the quarter. Turning to Slide 12. Our sustained focus on profitable growth in the cabinet segment resulted in a 9% increase in the fourth quarter. We improved our operating results by $13 million in the quarter, and expanded our operating profit margin by 580 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of last year. The environment and market dynamics for cabinetry are improving in both the repair/remodel and new construction channels. All 3 of our brands are benefiting from these improved industry conditions. As a result, North American cabinet sales, excluding countertops, increased low double digits in the quarter, reflecting continued strength with our builder accounts and strengthening our modeling demand. New product launches in the first half of 2013 have made a positive impact and contributed to strong semi-custom cabinet sales to the dealer channel. The sales for these customers increased mid-teens percent in the quarter. And we experienced terrific operating leverage in the quarter as we delivered a very strong 62% incremental margin. This improvement was driven by increased volume, cost control, productivity improvements and our continued leadership around disciplined promotions. This was partially offset by a higher raw material cost and negative mix due to increased sales to production builders. On a full year basis, the segment was profitable sooner than we anticipated, as operating profit improved by $57 million, further evidence that our turnaround efforts are effective and we are positioning this business for future profitable growth. Turning to Slide 13. The segment sales growth of 15% was driven by a 20% increase in residential new construction, and to a lesser degree, by higher sales volumes in our commercial, retrofit and distribution channels. The 20% increase in new residential construction sales compares favorably to the 14% increase in housing starts lagged 90 days. This was the 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and operating profit improvement in this segment. In addition to solid top line performance, the management's strong execution, focus on cost control and a favorable price/commodity relationship delivered improved bottom line results with operating profit improving by $9 million and operating margins expanding by 210 basis points in the quarter. For the full year, operating profit improved by $56 million. This segment exhibited strong operating leverage in 2013, delivering 28% incremental margins despite the impact of rising raw material and labor costs and approximately $5 million of unanticipated insurance costs in the fourth quarter. The strong execution was complemented by the continued implementation of a leaner operating model that is allowing for efficiencies and facilitating growth in new geographies. We added 15 new locations in 2013 and anticipate adding an additional 15 greenfield locations in 2014. Turning to Slide 14. You see our other specialty products segment sales increased 9%, giving another strong quarter, driven by low teens percent sales volume growth in our North American window business. This growth was due to the continued recovery in the repair/remodel and new home construction activities as well as share gains. As Europe continues to show signs of improved economic stability, our U.K. window business produced positive volume increases resulting from the continued success of our small composite door acquisition in the first quarter of 2013. The segment's operating profits growth in the quarter was due to increased volume in windows and a favorable price/commodity relationship, partially offset by ERP and higher employee-related expenses. Turning to Slide 15. You see the entire team's hard work to strengthen the balance sheet is paying off. We retired $200 million of debt in 2013 and $600 million of debt since the beginning of 2012. Working capital as a percent of sales is at a record low, 10.6%. I want to thank the team for their continued focus on this metric. Our earnings power is evident as free cash flow exceeds $0.5 billion in 2013. And we ended the year with more than $1.5 billion of balance sheet liquidity. So we find ourselves well positioned to grow with the recovery. I will now turn the call over to Keith for the outlook. Back to Tim, I'm sorry.
Timothy Wadhams: Back to Tim before Keith. Thanks, John. And if you would please move to Slide #16. As John mentioned and as I think all of you know, this is my last earnings call. And I want to thank all of you for your support and interest in Masco over the years. And I wish all of you continued success. I believe that Masco is in a great position to drive additional shareholder value as the recovery in housing continues. I'm very proud of our performance in 2013, and I want to thank our employees across the enterprise for their commitment and dedication. Keith has an outstanding team to lead, and I'm very excited about Masco's future. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Masco's new President and CEO, effective this Friday, Keith Allman.
Keith J. Allman: Thank you, Tim. It's been a privilege working for Tim over the years. And I think I can speak for everyone here at Masco when I say we will certainly miss him and we appreciate all that he's done for the company. I'm humbled and excited by the opportunity to be Masco's next CEO. And I look forward to continuing to execute on the strong strategy and foundation that Tim has put in place. Please move to Slide 17 for a couple of comments before we go on to Q&A. The underlying fundamentals of our business remained strong as evidenced by another quarter of sales growth and margin expansion. We expect that the positive trends in new home construction, repair and remodel, home price appreciation and an increase in big-ticket spending in North America will continue. We anticipate new home construction and repair and remodel to improve in Europe over the coming year as well. I should note that despite a fairly flat European market in 2013, we fared pretty well with international sales up 4% for the year in local currency. Having said that, we recognize that there are macroeconomic factors that will challenge us going forward, including the pace of the global economic recovery. Despite these factors, we are positioned to continue growing profitably and creating value for our shareholders. Please move to Slide 18. Over the next year, we will continue to focus on execution, maintaining the positive momentum that started for us in the fourth quarter of 2012. We are well positioned to grow our key brands and we'll accelerate our emphasis on maintaining a customer-focused innovation pipeline, improving our enterprise leverage, further penetrating international markets and focusing on continuous improvement across our enterprise. Cost containment remains a priority with a particular focus on SG&A cost. Also in 2014, we plan on positioning the company to reduce debt by $300 million to $500 million by 2016. As a reminder, we have $1.5 billion in debt maturities between 2015 and 2016. Improving our credit metrics will remain a top priority for us. I look forward to sharing more with you in the coming months as we deploy our strategies to deliver value to the shareholders. With that, the lines will be open for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Stephen East of ISI Group.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Tim, congratulations. If we look at the current trends, you talked about some about the current trends with the new construction and the remodel/repair. I guess, we could dig in a little bit more on the remodel/repair. Are you seeing -- how much of it is volume versus starting to see some mix shift up? And are you seeing any change in that combination over the last couple of quarters and maybe even what you're seeing year-to-date so far?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Stephen, it's John. I think we are starting to see some improvement in volumes in repair/remodel activity. I guess, the evidence I would point to is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, sales to our dealer channel in cabinetry, which is largely a repair/remodel-oriented channel, were up mid-teens percent in the quarter. So I think that's strong evidence. And if you look across our other big-ticket item that we see is windows. We saw nice repair/remodel activity there in the fourth quarter as well. So that complemented with our plumbing business, which was up 8%. And that's largely repair/remodel-oriented products as well. All leads us to believe that volumes are continuing to pick up.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. Are you seeing -- within those pretty big numbers, how much of that would you attribute mix shift versus pure volume?
John G. Sznewajs: In terms of mix, we're not seeing a whole lot of mix at this point. If anything, mix in the cabinet segment was a little bit negative just because, as I mentioned, sales to production builders grew at a more accelerated rate than sales on the repair/remodel channels. We are starting to see a little bit higher average selling prices in some of our cabinetry products, which is indicative of consumers willing to trade up a little bit within the segment.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then on the incremental margins, your plumbing and cabinets were strong. So I'm interested in your expectations for sustaining those moving forward. And then the install, paint and other specialty were a bit lower than what we thought, and I guess, your -- what was going on there and your expectations for those?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, you're right. Stephen, you're right. Incremental margins were strong in a couple of segments, both plumbing and cabinets. Cabinets -- just to refresh everyone's memory, we generally drop about 30% to 35% incremental margins across the company. Our manufacturing segment tend to be a little bit higher, closer to the 30%, 35% range. Our installation segment tends to be a little bit lower, closer to the 25% range. And so yes, indeed, we saw about a 62% incremental margin in cabinetry in the quarter. Some of that was driven by volume increases. And we saw a -- but also some of it has to do with the fact that we've seen some reduced promotional activity on the marketplace, and that helped supplement what we normally see in terms of drop down. On the plumbing side, again just good volume leverage across the board. On installation, you did reference something a little bit lighter in that segment. That, you may have heard, was impacted by $5 million of insurance-related expenses in the quarter which, if you factor that out, they would have there kind of a normal 28%, 30% incremental margin there. Our paint business, as I mentioned, was impacted by about $6 million of investments that we had related to advertising, promotions, international growth. But beyond that, I think we are in generally pretty good shape in that segment. So I feel pretty good about our incremental margins. Overall for the year, we were up 33%, incremental margins. So I think the company is performing as we expected.
Operator: Your next question is from Eric Bosshard of Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Two things. One, can you talk a little bit more about January indicator was up mid-single digit? Can you, I guess, give a little bit more color on where December was and how that has translated into January and how we should be thinking about what you've indicated for January?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. So Eric, December was up high single digits. We previously indicated that October, November were up high single digits and so December has continued that trend. As it relates to January, a couple things. We saw a little bit better business in Europe. They're not experiencing the harsh winter that we're experiencing here so that was some strength. And then the other area, just generally speaking, where we saw some strength is in those segments that serve the warmer climates in the United States. Obviously, the Midwest, the East Coast, Northeast, little bit more impacted by the more difficult weather conditions.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: When you sift through the information there and you think about where things go for '14, can you isolate enough in January to see that it's weather or is there more going on that's influencing the slower results of January?
John G. Sznewajs: I think it's hard to say. Again, remember, Eric, we're up against a pretty tough comp. We were up low double digits in January of 2013. So feels like -- we were pretty happy with the results in January, just given what's going on in the environment today. Remember, January is our -- probably seasonally, our slowest quarter of the year.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, that's helpful. And then secondly, in the paint business, you've obviously made some investments here for the last couple of quarters. Curious in terms of how much longer the investments continue, when we should see a return to profitability improvement or better incremental margins. And then a little bit of color on the payback you're expecting from the investments that you're making, what that should look like.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Eric, a couple of questions embedded in there. But in terms of the investment going forward for 2014, yes, we do expect to continue to invest in international growth in our Pro business. So I would expect some incremental investment, and we'll call those out as we make those investments every quarter. In terms of one of the things that we're focused on, we've always said that yes, gallon growth is a priority here that we're focused on, particularly with our channel partner. And so as a result, we're willing to make these investments because they'll lead to high -- they might not lead to improved operating margin, but they definitely lead to a higher ROA. And we're trying to grow absolute operating profit dollars in addition to that. So I think that's our goal for this segment. And so I think we are accomplishing that. So we might take a little bit lower margin to drive some of these other activities. And I would still expect those to always be a high teens margin business, though, Eric.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Wood of Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Just touch on decorative, you mentioned that paint gallon growth was high single digits, builder hardware was up high teens, yet sales were up 6%. Can you talk to sort of what the puts and takes were in there?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, so you hit on a couple of the highlights. The other thing that's impacted us from the quarter is that we did have a negative price/commodity relationship in the quarter.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then just on the incremental spending, we went from $10 million in 3Q to $6 million in 4Q. What should we expect going forward?
John G. Sznewajs: As I referenced just in the last question, we do expect to continue to invest for the full year 2014 in some of these additional areas, such as advertising, promotions and international Pro growth, things like that. For the full year 2013, we were about $16 million, $17 million in spend. My guess is we'll be something less than that in 2014 but somewhere in the neighborhood of about $10 million or so.
Operator: The next question's from Garik Shmois of Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Raw material inflation in installation in the quarter, I was wondering if you can quantify that for us and talk about your confidence and your ability to pass that through.
John G. Sznewajs: I'm sorry, Garik. I missed the first part of your question.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, sorry. The raw material inflation in installation you called out, I'm just wondering if you could quantify that for us and talk about your confidence in passing that through in 2014.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, sure. A number of our installation manufacturers from time-to-time have passed through price increases, and we didn't take -- there was another price increase announced that was effective in the fourth quarter of last year. We did -- as you can see by the performance of the segment, they've had posted some pretty good operating results and incremental margins. And as a result, we are working hard on passing pricing through when it's required. At the same time, though, we don't just try to pass price through, we also always work on working with our suppliers, looking on productivity improvements in the segment to try to offset some of those price inflation as well.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then just switching to cabinets, a competitor of yours has announced plans to add capacity over the next several years. Just wondering if you could speak to, I guess, first off, your utilization rates in that business and your plans, if any, to have to add capacity over the next, call it, 2 years.
Keith J. Allman: Garik, this is Keith. I'll take that one. Our capacity position in cabinets is in great shape, and we expect our current footprint to be able to support 1.5 million in starts, so we're in -- and the commensurate repair/remodeling uptick. So we're in good shape there. And that goes across all channels. In the builder direct channel, for example, I was just out in Las Vegas at the builder show. And clearly, the #1 concern from the big builders was, "Are we going to be able to supply on time in great quality?" And we most certainly will be able to do that. And when you look across the competitive landscape, we've seen some of our biggest competitors actually pull out of the direct-to-builder channel. Out West, we've seen another big competitor stop bidding out there. And we're not approaching that. The team -- in that way. The team has done a great job of getting us ready for this uptick, and we're prepared.
Operator: Your next question is from Adam Rudiger of Wells Fargo Securities.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: With cabinets, can you talk a little bit more? You talked about it being a less promotional environment. I think you said high teens to the dealer channel and the big builders grew even faster than that. So that would to me suggest a little bit better margins, say, relative to the first quarter when revenues were somewhat flat. So can you just talk about maybe what I'm missing there?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. I think, Adam, one of the things that you have to focus on is the fact that we kind of led the pullback on promotional activity in the fourth quarter of last year. And so some of the benefits that we enjoyed last year anniversary-ed in the fourth quarter of this year.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just to make sure, I'm going to try and get a clear picture of margins. The insurance charge, where was that in the consolidated income statement? And then just to be clear, that was also in installation segment?
John G. Sznewajs: So on a consolidated basis, it flows just generally through the P&L. And then we pushed those costs back down to our segment levels. It's in SG&A in the overall consolidated P&L, and then we pushed it down to several segments. One, the biggest one, obviously, was our installation segment, which we mentioned. And then we also had a little bit of expense in our decorative architectural segment as well.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Kim of Barclays.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Earlier in your remarks, you had mentioned about $150 million improvement in profit in 2014 from '13. I assume that was just the net volume/mix, which would sort of compare to $148 million in 2013 versus '12. I just wanted to...
John G. Sznewajs: No. Stephen, it's a little bit different than that. Every year, we talk about our profit improvement on a gross basis. And so in 2013, we realized about $165 million of profit improvements gross, and that netted down to the smaller number about $19 million or so. So in trying to foreshadow that same profit improvement on a gross basis would be for this year, I indicated that it would be approximately $150 million, about the same amount that we've averaged over the last 5 years.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay. So that was related to your productivity? I just want to make sure.
John G. Sznewajs: Exactly. You got it.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay, got it, got it. Okay, that's great. That's very helpful. And then secondly, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of cabinets. You mentioned, I think, the dealer up high teens. And you also said your windows were strong. I'm sorry, I didn't mean cabinets, I meant R&R, big-ticket R&R. You pointed to cabinets in the dealer channel being up strongly. You said cabinets x countertop, up 10% and dealer up high teens. I'm curious as to whether or not those numbers are influenced by share gains or something like that. If that sort of high teens type number is, in your view, representative of the move towards big ticket or if there is something else that sort of influencing that number that we should be considering as we think about the market overall.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, it's not just one factor that impacts us. So there's a number of things baked into it. So some of it is, to your point, could be things like higher volume. It could be things like some higher selling prices. We did -- we are realizing some higher average selling prices out there. We have picked up -- we do think we're doing well in terms of some of the new product launches that we came out with, the innovation that KraftMaid came out with in the first half of 2013 seems like it's really resonating in the dealer channel. And so it seems like it's driving more dealer traffic. So there's a number of factors that go into it, it's not just simply one factor that drives the top line growth there.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And so if you had to take a stab at what you think sort of big-ticket R&R has done over year-on-year, would you estimate that it would be somewhat higher or lower than that high teens figure?
John G. Sznewajs: I would say that we saw growth each quarter during the year. So it was strongest in the fourth quarter, weakest in the first quarter of last year.
Operator: The next question is from David Goldberg of UBS.
David Goldberg - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wanted to talk about in the installation business, the comments around the increased take per unit and upgrades. Can you talk a little bit what's happening? Is it the kind of grade of insulation people put in, the amount of insulation? Or are we talking about more ancillary, kind of add-on kind of services people are taking? Could you kind of just give us a rundown of what's driving that commentary?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. I think there's a couple of things that are driving that comment, David. One, we're seeing increased square footage of homes right now. So that helps drive increased take per unit. We're also seeing, as I mentioned earlier, consumers upgrade some of their products. So they may be adding a second or third fireplace in their home. So it's not necessarily, to your point, always insulation that's driving that trade-up in the installation segment.
David Goldberg - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: But it's not necessarily code changes or anything that are driving higher requirements for...
John G. Sznewajs: Good point. There are some code changes that are taking place that are driving it. Particularly on the Eastern Seaboard, we're seeing some code changes going to affect that are driving some higher insulation usage in homes.
David Goldberg - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just as a follow-up question, I understand the desire to pay down debt in the coming year. And obviously, great job deleveraging the balance sheet this year. When you start thinking about returning more cash to shareholders, as you look out, especially since you know obviously the business is headed in the right direction in terms of the cash flow generation, we're probably early in the cycle here. When do we start thinking about maybe other uses of your cash flow generation outside of paying down debt?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, David, good point. As we think about capital allocation, we think about a couple of things. One, first and foremost, is to always invest in the business. And as you've observed, we're not a particularly capital-intense business. CapEx generally run about 2% of sales. And so we'll continue to make those investments in the business. After that, as you assessed, we'll probably pay down some debt here in the near term. But following those first 2 priorities, I think the next thing was that we'll be focused on are both small acquisitions, tuck-ins like we done at our U.K. window business earlier in 2013. But I think we also have to balance that with some shareholder-friendly activities, probably leaning more towards the dividend first rather than share repurchases. But we'll keep you informed as we refine our thinking around that.
Operator: Your next question is from Keith Hughes of Masco (sic)[SunTrust Robinson Humphrey].
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Questions on Milgard. The numbers you've been putting up in window just appear a lot bigger than what we're seeing in the overall industry. Can you speak to what's going on there, why the numbers have been so good?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. I think we've done a lot in the share gains in the Western U.S., Keith. One of the things that took place that we observed during the downturn is that we saw a fair number of competitors fall out of the marketplace in the Western U.S. in 2009, '10 and '11. As a result, if things are starting to pick up out there, the Milgard team has just done a fantastic job of understanding the market, delivering really good, relevant innovation to the marketplace. As a result, taking a lot of share out there. They also have expanded nicely into some new geographies, particularly Western Canada, as well as Texas. And they've come up with a couple of new products that we're pretty positive about. The Essence window, it is a fiberglass window, a higher-end window than their vinyl offering. And we think it has got a lot of opportunity out there.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Is that a business, when we talk about bolt-ons to an earlier question, is that one that you would look to bolt on to?
John G. Sznewajs: To the extent that it extends our geography in the right direction, Keith, yes, we probably wouldn't go all the way across the country to the East Coast and look at a transaction. But something that was complementary to our existing footprint, that might make some sense for us.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And final question, we've seen some wobble in the home builder orders in the second half of the year. Can you talk about what kind of your [Audio Gap] for the installed service business in regard to that?
John G. Sznewajs: With the softness -- I'm sorry, in terms of just housing starts taking a bit of a pause in the back half there?
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes. How long will that impact, how much, anything you're willing to give us on that?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, well, we're still seeing the lag in our business, the 90-day lag and depending on the market, it's still a little bit elongated over the course of the back half of last year. There's also an impact that we have to take into account, there's increased multifamily activity in the year. And in particular, that's going to impact us in the first quarter because as I look at the starts composition in the fourth quarter, I think we've got about 37% of all starts are multifamily in the fourth quarter, which will really impact us in the first part of the year. So that will have a little bit of an impact. But what we're hearing, as Keith mentioned earlier in his discussions in Vegas with the builders, it sounds like they're optimistic about the spring selling season. So we'll see how that plays out.
Operator: The next question is from Sam Darkatsh of Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And Tim, I wanted to also say best wishes on your next chapter. And Keith, congratulations on the new role and the new responsibilities. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, just a couple of housekeeping questions. The insurance costs, John, are they ongoing? What specifically happened in the fourth quarter? Was it just some sort of a reversal of an allowance? Or will there be some ongoing impacts of these unplanned costs?
John G. Sznewajs: So it was a discrete onetime event that took place, Sam. And they were large enough that we thought that it merited calling them out.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, got you. And then I guess, my final question. Help me understand why the importance on a gallon focus as opposed to, I guess, total sales dollars because it seems as though maybe paint pricing was off or at least price versus commodity was a negative impact. So why does gallon growth lead necessarily to higher ROA? Why wouldn't you want to maintain price as well?
John G. Sznewajs: Well, we absolutely want to do everything we can to grow this business, Sam. But as we think about incremental growth from where we're at, we've got a very good solid core business in our retail paint business. And as we expand internationally, as we expand into the Pro, those will -- there'll be more competitive environments that we're anticipating in and we'll need to have sharper margins. And so as a result, we want to continue the growth, but that just drives lower margins. But the return on assets, as I mentioned, is high because, really, no incremental investment other than working capital, we need to put into the business to grow that.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So the inference being that paid margins right now are pretty much going to be here or perhaps pressured going forward, but the returns on capital will be enhanced?
John G. Sznewajs: That's right. I would say, as I commented earlier, I think we can still maintain our high teens margins in this paint business, but our return on capital should improve over time.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Rehaut of JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Tim, best of luck. Great working with you. Just going back to the paint question before. Can you give us a sense, John, of what a Pro and international sales represent as a total portion of your revenues there? And how should we think about that percent growing over time?
John G. Sznewajs: Mike, right now, we've been investing in those programs for the last year, 18 months or so. And those businesses are -- we have not broken out the specific dollar value of each of those programs to this point. But I'll tell you, it's small but growing. We're crafting our strategies to penetrate both of those markets, and you've seen some initial success. And so we look forward to continuing to share with you the progress that we're making on those. But at this point, we're not going to break that out.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And in terms of the margins, appreciate the kind of bifurcation or discussion around margins versus returns. But from a margin perspective, that high teens, you've done 18% now for a couple of years. Given that you expect to continue to do the investment, maybe a little bit of a negative margin mix shift within the business over time, that 18%, 19%, so that's kind of reasonable going forward for this business?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, I think so. Mike, what we try to do in this segment is really drive innovation and drive customer value innovation. And that's evidenced, Tim mentioned that we were recognized recently by a third party as the #1 interior paint. I should tell you, we're also been recognized by that same party as the #1 exterior paint and the #1 exterior stain. So we've got kind of a trifecta going right now in terms of quality and value in that. And so really good outcome for us. And that's really what we're focused on in this segment in terms of driving value for our customers.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just one last one on the plumbing side, you did a nice -- had a nice year this year in terms of top line growth, incremental margins. You're back at around that 13% level, which is kind of, over the last several years, really the high watermark with the exception of about 10, 15 years ago. I think we've talked about a more normalized margin, this low double digit range, 12%, 13%. Is that still the case going forward? And if that's the case, how would you reconcile that with the incremental margins? Are there just other costs to running the business as in promotions or other types of spend that would kind of, again, keep the longer-term run rate, margin run rate for this business around the 12%, 13% level?
Keith J. Allman: Michael, this is Keith. I think that, that range of 12% to 13% is a good way to think about this segment. We do have some upside on the incremental as that drops down in the typical 30% range. But we also have ongoing investments that we're going to continue to make to grow the core faucet business. And when you look at the category expansion opportunities that we have, like we have executed already in toilets, those products tend to have lower margins than the base faucet and fixture market. Having said that, again, similar to our strategy in paint, the ROA is good in that product and it's an outstanding program for us and the customers. But I think that's a good range to think about the segment with perhaps some upside.
Operator: The next question is from Nishu Sood of Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So my first question is on the CapEx guidance. Now Keith, you addressed in your commentary about the cabinets business, that capacity is good for 1.5 million housing starts. I think you might have extended those comments from the other divisions, too. So it was -- there's a noticeable uptick in your kind of CapEx guidance, back up to the $200 million range for 2014. So I just wanted to dig into that. If capacity is all set, what is driving the increase in expected CapEx for '14?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Nishu, I'll take that question. A couple of things that, I think, are driving that. So I'll tell you that, one, we had the ERP implementation at our Milgard unit that we talked about, which will have a fair amount of capital associated with that. We typically have higher capital in our plumbing segment. And Hansgrohe is launching some new products, so there will be some higher CapEx associated with that. We also have some -- a little bit of a higher incremental CapEx in our cabinet segment related more to finishing up a little bit of some IT implementation that they're working on, a little bit of finishing equipment. The other thing I'd keep in mind, Nishu, is on this call this time last year, we told you we have $165 million of capital. We came in at $126 million. So if anything, I think probably $200 million is a little bit on the high side. Offsetting that might be -- we're taking a look at displays on the marketplace, and there might need to be some money spent to refresh some of the displays on both the paint and on the cabinet side of things.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. In the installation business, you mentioned, I think it was 15 new branches that you added in '13, you expect in '14 as well, all greenfield sites. Now historically, acquisitions has been the main way of adding branches in this business. So I was just wondering if you could discuss that. Is there some shift in strategy-wise or is there some shift in what you're seeing in terms of the market, making greenfield more attractive than acquisitions? If you could maybe just give us some more color on that.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure. I think it's the way the team is looking -- the new team down at MCS is looking at the way they're growing their business. And so they've done a very thoughtful way of making certain that they've got costs in line with sales as they grow. So there's greenfield locations start out as unmanned stocking centers. And as a certain market grows to the appropriate volume, then they'll start to man those centers. And so they're very closely monitoring their profitability and making certain that they have their costs in line with expenses. So I think that they have just a little bit different view on the marketplace.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Does that mean that they've really deemphasized acquisitions then? Or is this just current conditions, that's what it merits and maybe that will change going forward?
John G. Sznewajs: Over time, could they look at an acquisition here or there? I don't think it's a huge part of their strategy going forward. But if there's something, in particular, that it's a long distance away, where they could not establish one of these strategic stocking centers that gets them into a new geographic location, they may look at an acquisition there. But it's not what's driving their strategy at this point.
Operator: Your next question is from Bob Wetenhall of RBC Capital Markets.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Thinking about pretty strong end-market demand, so I'm assuming somewhere around $700 million of top line growth in '14. And I was curious, what gives you confidence that you can keep spending on general corporate expenses flat, given that pace of sales growth? And for Keith, how important do you view cost control on your list of 2014 priorities?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. I'll take the question on general corp expense, Bob. So the $130 million of general corporate expense that we roughly experienced this year is about $134 million, I believe, versus $130 million that we have given you some guidance. A number of things. Obviously, we're focused on very tight cost control here at the corporate office. We did do go through an org alignment process in the fall of 2012, and we're starting to realize some of the benefits of those savings. And so that's really what gives us the comfort, Bob, that we can hang on to some of the cost takeouts that we've done over the course of time. But I'll turn it over to Keith for his view on cost containment broadening.
Keith J. Allman: Yes. Bob, I would say that our #1 priority going forward is to deliver on the macroeconomic rebound here in North America and to drive our businesses to their full potential and to leverage our brands. So embedded in that certainly is a strong dose of cost control, both from a conversion cost standpoint in our factories, as well as in SG&A. That's an area that I have experience in and have done at the various businesses I've been involved with. So I would put that as a premium priority for myself and our team. In addition, we're focusing on leveraging across our businesses. There certainly is a revenue component and a cost component to that. We view areas like logistics and our material buy as prime for continuing to drive cost out in that area. So it's tough to say what's 1 and 1A when you have 4 #1s. But certainly, cost control is a priority for us.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And I just wanted to get your view kind of on a 3-year basis. You had 600 basis points of improvement in cabinets in 2013. You had over 400 basis points of improvement, installation, in that business. So that's a lot of improvement in a year. Do you think it's realistic for us to expect that both cabinets and installation can get back to double digit operating margins within the next 3 years?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Bob. In terms of getting back to double digit operating margins for both those segments, I think there's the possibility. It all depends on how the end markets develop, both in the new construction side, as well the repair/remodel side. As we've talk about incremental margins, generally dropped about 30%, 35% of the cabinet business, a little bit less than 30% on the installation business. So if you grow from the kind of the 920,000 starts in '13 to 1.5 million starts, the long-term average, and you think about the incremental revenue associated with that growth and associated lift in repair/remodel activity, particularly for the cabinet segment, and then you consider the operating margin drop down or the incremental margin drop down that we get on those businesses, you can paint a pretty clear picture of getting to clearly, if not high single digit, low double digit operating margins in each segment.
Keith J. Allman: Bob, on the cabinet side, we're confident in being able to drive that business to low double digits. We have the best brands out there in the marketplace. As we talked about a little bit earlier, we have the capacity to take the growth as it comes. And we've structured that business to have a balance across all channels of direct-to-builder, repair and remodeling and dealer. And we're making improvements on all of those areas, and those are things that the competition can't necessarily say. So we're confident about the cabinet business, understanding fully that we've got a ways to go.
Operator: Your next question is from Dennis McGill of Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: I guess, the first question. With respect to weather, aside from it impacting ability for customers to get out and shop, are there any impacts on the operational side of the business that you'd flag or that we should be aware of?
Keith J. Allman: We've had some very slight interruptions in some of our factories. We've had to take a few half days off here and there, but nothing material.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. And on the installation side, we had a couple of branches down in the southeast last week during the ice storm.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay. So assuming the quarter plays out weather-wise in a more normal fashion from here, absorption pace or anything like that shouldn't be impacted?
John G. Sznewajs: That's right.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay. And then secondly for maybe Keith, it seems like you guys might have reentered the RTA business on the cabinet side. Just wanted to maybe understand the thought process there and how you're thinking about that relative to your exit previously.
Keith J. Allman: Yes. As we listen to our customers, it's important for us to have the right assortment for their needs. And we are looking at some product offerings that could address some of those needs for -- particularly for multifamily. So there are some new product launches that we're contemplating, but we're not looking at significantly getting into the RTA business.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Is it structured differently from a cost standpoint than it was previously?
Keith J. Allman: Most certainly, this would be more of an import model with a combination of different features that address specific segments, like multifamily, as I mentioned.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. I want to thank everybody again for being with us today, and appreciate your questions, and have a good rest of the day. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Duey - Vice President - Investor Relations Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group, LLC Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Maria Duey. Maria, you may begin.
Maria Duey: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call today are Tim Wadhams, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion on our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. [Operator Instructions] If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to call me directly at (313) 792-5500. I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We have described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and Other Disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Qs that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. We've provided a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP on our website at www.masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Wadhams. Tim?
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Maria, and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. And if you would please move to Slide #4. As we have for the last several quarters, Masco's third quarter results showed strong revenue growth and margin expansion compared to the prior year quarter. We continue to execute on the strategic initiatives we laid out at the beginning of the year. As a result, this is the first time since the third quarter of 2007 that we have delivered double-digit operating margins. That outcome was driven by a double-digit increase in top line sales and strong operating leverage. We're very pleased with these results. Our leadership position in the building products industry and our focused execution against the housing recovery benefited all of our segments this quarter, with all 5 of our operating segments contributing to our top line growth. In North America, we continue to benefit from increased new home construction activity and improving trends in remodel activity, where we are starting to see an increase in bigger ticket-related items. In addition, the investments we have made to new products and programs have strengthened our business, particularly benefiting our paint and Plumbing business. We are seeing the benefit of our strict focus on cost containment, as well as our ongoing commitment to total cost productivity, as evidenced by our incremental margins. Importantly, our Installation and Cabinetry segments grew both top and bottom line in the quarter, reflecting our strong leverage to a housing recovery and significant improvement compared to last year. Our international sales and profits continue to increase, reflecting the slowly improving economic environment in the Eurozone and a solid performance by our international Plumbing and window businesses. And if you would please turn to Slide #5. As we've communicated in the past, our strategy is focused on 4 key elements to drive performance. Our commitment and investment to expand our market leadership positions was recognized by one of our major partners, The Home Depot, in its recent Supplier Partnership Meeting. Both Delta and Behr were awarded The Home Depot Partner of the Year award in their respective categories. Both Delta and Behr were also recognized for The Home Depot's top 10 innovations of the year, reflecting the emphasis we place on innovation in Masco. In addition, unrelated, Delta was awarded the EPA WaterSense Partner of the Year. We're extremely proud of Behr and Delta, and congratulate both teams on their recent wins, and thank them for their hard work and dedication. Our company-wide emphasis on cost control as sales increase is demonstrated by our improvement in gross margins, SG&A leverage and our operating margins. John will discuss that in a couple of minutes, but we're very pleased with that outcome. Our Installation segment is capitalizing on improved market dynamics and drove sales in all channels of the business. By remaining focused on profitability, they continued their trend of improving their operating profit. North American Cabinetry is outperforming the new home construction market, and is benefiting from positive trends and remodeling. We had strong growth in the quarter, reflecting the stabilization of the business. The team continues to execute on their strategic plan, positioning the business for future profitable growth. Combined, these 2 segments, Cabinets and Installation, improved by $41 million of operating profit, compared to the third quarter of 2012. In addition, we remain committed to strengthening our balance sheet and continue to improve our working capital management. In addition, in August, we retired a $200 million debt maturity with cash on hand. These strategic highlights demonstrate our continued focus on execution which produced another strong quarterly performance. And if you would please move to Slide #6, John Sznewajs, our CFO, will take you through our operating segments from a financial and operational perspective.
John G. Sznewajs: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. If you would please turn to Slide 7. You can see, due to the improving fundamentals of our business, our momentum accelerated coming out of the second quarter and we delivered another quarter with double-digit sales growth and operating margin expansion. In fact, this was our eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales growth and adjusted operating margin expansion. Sales increased 12%, with North American sales up 13% and international sales up 5% in local currency for the quarter. Currency had an approximate $13 million positive impact in the quarter. And while we experienced strong growth in all channels, volume increases were strongest in our direct-to-builder channel. We did a great job of leveraging our cost in the quarter, as adjusted gross margins expanded 120 basis points to 28.5%. The strength of our bottom line performance and our commitment to cost control were evident in the quarter as our SG&A, as a percent of sales, declined to 18.2%, a 140-basis-point improvement, a terrific outcome in one of our best performances on that metric in many years. As a result, adjusted operating income increased 50% to $222 million, with adjusted operating margins expanding 260 basis points to 10.3%. As Tim mentioned, our first double-digit operating margin in 6 years. We realized good operating leverage as we delivered 31% incremental margins in the quarter. And our adjusted EPS nearly doubled in the quarter to $0.27 from $0.14 1 year ago. Turning to Slide 8, we see the components of our operating income improvement in the third quarter. The $59 million increase in net volume/mix was driven by solid volume increases in every segment. This growth was partially offset by a mix in both our Cabinet business, with strong sales growth to production builders; and in our Decorative Architectural segment, with their successful new programs and expansion into international markets. Net price/commodity improved approximately $15 million in the quarter, largely driven by our Cabinets, European Plumbing, Installation and U.S. windows businesses, partially offset by an unfavorable price/commodity relationship in our paint business. This also reflects the year-over-year impact of our metals hedge, which was $1 million favorable in the quarter. We captured $42 million of profit improvements, gross in the quarter, and believe we are on track to realize our full year profit improvement initiatives, gross of $160 million, up $10 million from our prior estimate of $150 million. If we turn to Slide 9, you can see we delivered solid performance in our Plumbing segment and sales increased 11% in the quarter. The strong sales momentum of our North American faucet and toilet businesses, which include our leading brands, Delta, Peerless and Brizo, continued in the third quarter. Consumer demand for our innovative new products drove a mid-teens percentage sales growth in the quarter as we experienced good growth in retail and strong balanced growth in the trade channel, reflecting our continued investments in the showroom, commercial and multifamily segments of this channel. We are up against a difficult comparison in the quarter, as Q3 2012 benefited from approximately $12 million of load-in related to our retail program wins in the second half of last year. And as a reminder, we will face a similar headwind of $12 million in the fourth quarter. We also experienced mid-single-digit growth from several of our other North American businesses, such as spas in our up [ph] Plumbing business. And following an improved second quarter, our European sales momentum continued, with sales increasing mid-single digits in local currency, led by Hansgrohe. Partially offsetting this growth was the exit of the unprofitable channel bathing business, and lost retail bathing programs. These actions negatively impacted sales by approximately $12 million in the quarter, and will total approximately $50 million for 2013. Year-over-year operating profit increased $43 million, driven by incremental volume, especially in the trade channel; a favorable price/commodity relationship, particularly in Europe; favorable currency and productivity and cost control measures. Recall -- you may recall that 2012's Q3 operating profit was negatively impacted by $10 million due to increased program costs and currency. Turning to Slide 10, you can see our Decorative Architectural segment enjoyed good growth as new product introductions, such as BEHR MARQUEE and BEHR DECKOVER, which continued to perform well, increased Pro sales in international sales growth to over 9% revenue increase in the quarter. As a result, we realized low-teens percentage gallon growth in the quarter. Liberty Hardware also continues to contribute to both the top and bottom lines of the segment, as a result of share gains and several new programs in retail. Our efforts to drive gallon growth included $10 million of incremental investment in advertising and promotional expenses, which, when coupled with an unfavorable price/commodity relationship, caused our operating margin to decline in the quarter. If you turn to Slide 11, you can see that our sustained focus on profitable growth in the Cabinet segment resulted in improved performance as we posted a double-digit sales gain in the quarter and an adjusted operating profit for the second quarter in a row. The environment for Cabinetry is improving, as we experienced ongoing strengths with our builder accounts, and accelerating demand from our remodel customers. All 3 brands are benefiting from these improved market conditions. These trends led to segment sales increasing 15% in the quarter. North American Cabinet sales, excluding countertops, increased 20% in the quarter, reflecting strong direct-to-builder sales growth and improvement in the dealer and home center channels. We maintained our profitability in North America by improving our adjusted operating results in the quarter by $21 million, reflecting a 62% incremental margin. This improvement was driven by increased volume, cost control, productivity improvements and lower promotional spending. This was partially offset by higher input costs and negative mix due to increased sales to production builders. The turnaround plan in North America continues to be on track, and we are profitable in this segment sooner than we anticipated, as a result of our focus on cost containment, improving demand and actions taken late in 2012. After preparing one of our existing facility -- our existing facilities to absorb additional volume, we announced the closure of a component plant in the quarter, then, it was identified as part of our late 2012 footprint consolidation plan. Turning to Slide 12. Our Installation segment saw a sales growth of 19%, which was driven by a 28% increase in residential new construction sales, and to a lesser degree, by higher sales volumes in our commercial, retrofit and distribution channels. We experienced strong growth at all builders, but particularly, the big builders. In addition to solid top line performance, management's strong execution delivered significantly improved bottom line results, with adjusted operating profit improving by $20 million and adjusted operating margins expanding by 540 basis points. This strong execution was complemented by the continued implementation of a leaner operating model which is allowing for efficiencies and facilitating growth in new geographies. We anticipate that we'll have opened 15 new locations by year end, and expect further greenfield growth in 2014. This segment exhibited strong operating leverage in the quarter, delivering 35% incremental margins despite the impact of rising raw material and labor costs. Turning to Slide 13. Our Other Specialty Products segment saw sales increase 13% in the quarter, yielding another strong quarter driven by our North American window sales increase of mid-teens percent. This growth was due to higher sales in both the new home construction channel and replacement window markets. As Europe shows initial signs of economic stability, our U.K.-based window business produced positive volume increases in the low-teens percent, driven by continued growth in trade and retail channels and the success of our small composite door acquisition earlier this year. The segment's adjusted operating profits were flat in the quarter compared to the third quarter of 2012, despite increased sales. This is primarily due to the negative mix and several miscellaneous costs, including the initial costs of implementing a new ERP system at our Milgard window business. Our estimate, at this time, is that the ERP implementation costs will be approximately $2 million to $3 million in each of the next several years. And then, turning to Slide 14. You can see, as Tim mentioned earlier, that we retired $200 million of debt with our August maturity; and that our working capital, as a percent of sales, increased -- or improved significantly, down to 12.1% in the quarter compared to 14.8% in the third quarter of last year. Also, at the table at the bottom of this chart, you can see that our liquidity, both our cash and cash investments and our short-term bank deposits aggregate $1.3 billion. I should point out that since the -- since January 2012, we have reduced total debt by $600 million, while our total liquidity has improved by about $200 million. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Tim and his thoughts on our outlook.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, John. And if you would please move to Slide #16. Our success in the third quarter reflects our commitment to executing on the priorities we identified at the beginning of the year. Our Installation and Cabinet businesses are continuing to deliver results from their focused execution against improving market dynamics. The previous actions that they have taken to improve their business will continue to deliver benefits going forward. And as John just mentioned, we reduced our debt in August and do not have any maturities in 2014. Our commitment to innovation, new products and programs and strategic growth initiatives is producing results and augmenting market growth, as indicated by our third quarter performance. We continue to manage cost aggressively and are on target to achieve approximately $160 million of profit improvements for the year. We're very encouraged by our third quarter performance and continued progress against our priorities, and we want to thank all of our employees worldwide for their ongoing effort to drive Masco's performance. And if you would please move to Slide #17. Just a couple of quick comments before we go to Q&A. The underlying fundamentals of our business remains strong, as evidenced by another quarter of sales growth and margin expansion. We expect that the positive trends in new home construction and home improvement in North America will continue. Having said that, we recognize that there are macroeconomic factors that will challenge us going forward, including the velocity of the U.S. recovery and global economic uncertainty. Despite these macroeconomic factors, we are positioned to continue profitable growth and value creation for our shareholders. Our size, scale and strong liquidity allow us to rapidly respond to increased demand in new home construction. Our focus on strengthening our brands through consumer-driven innovative solutions for our customers and consumers is driving share gains in the repair/remodel channel, furthering our strategic relationships with key customers. And our emphasis on cost control and process improvement enables us to convert increased volume with strong operating leverage to improve margins and returns. We feel very good about our year-to-date results, and are particularly pleased with our third quarter performance. We will push to close the year with a strong fourth quarter and are off to a solid start, with October sales looking to be up high-single digits percent. We're excited about the future and believe that Masco is positioned for improved operating performance in 2014 and beyond. And with that, Tiffany, we'll open up the lines for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: First one, you noted within Decorative Architectural on the gallon side, low-teens percentage growth there. But there is, as you noted, new products, some load-ins on some business that you've won. Can you maybe separate what you think is sort of apples-to-apples growth versus some of the market share or new product growth that's embedded in that low-teens percentage?
Timothy Wadhams: In terms of the gallon share increase, Dennis?
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Yes. In other words, I guess, what if same-store gallons go up and then, what would the new product introductions and/or market share...
Timothy Wadhams: Don't have that level of detail, but the new products, particularly the DECKOVER products, had a very strong quarter for us. But as we've indicated, gallon growth has been an area of focus for both us and The Home Depot. And certainly, felt good about that outcome in the quarter. And I did see growth in other areas of the business, but the new products drove a lot of that.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: So is that a load-in effect or is that the success...
Timothy Wadhams: No, I wouldn't call it a load-in effect, Dennis. We've got most of that product in, in the second quarter, as I recall. I think most of that was done -- in fact, I'm sure that it was done in the second quarter. So that was all incremental.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay. Second one would be just within the Cabinets business. There are several moving parts, it seems, from the pricing standpoint, with price announcements being announced across the industry. And then, you also have the Chinese plywood dynamic on the raw materials side. So can you just maybe talk more broadly about the moving parts between price, raw materials and then, promotional activity?
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, Dennis. It's John. There's a couple of things that, to your point, that -- to impact the segment. So in terms of promotional activity, we have seen promotional activity down pretty significantly compared to this time last year. In terms of raw material pricing, we have seen some of the input costs go up during the course of 2013, and we did implement price earlier in the year to offset some of those costs. But to your point, the Chinese tariff that was announced in the third quarter did impact us by about $2 million negatively in the quarter. And we have announced price increases to offset some of those -- that action specifically, later in the fourth quarter.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: And just a quick follow-up on that. Are you seeing competitors match or announce similar price increases?
John G. Sznewajs: We've not seen -- I don't follow all of our competitors, but there has been -- we have heard of other pricing actions taking place.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is Desi filling in for Bob. When looking at the paint segment, I wanted to see if you can provide some color on the long-term strategy for that business. You mentioned, it's a few quarters now, that you want to drive gallon growth. So with sales up 8.5% but profit declining by $3 million, I want to see if you could think about the trajectory for promotional spending and profit growth of the business?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we certainly have indicated in the past, Desi, the desire to want to grow gallons. And we did indicate earlier this year that we anticipate that there could be some investment that would help us drag that. So from a longer term strategy standpoint, that's certainly where we expect to be going forward. As we've indicated, we're willing to invest behind that. We did have about $10 million of additional advertising and promotion in the quarter. And that, obviously, had an impact on the margin. But I think if you'd look at the margin on a year-to-date basis, I think we're slightly above last year, maybe 50 basis points above last year, at 18%-plus. And certainly would, as we think about growth going forward, whether that's with the Pro, whether it's part of the international strategy, as we've indicated in the past, we expect that to have a very high return, but potentially some negative impact on margins. And we've also said that we still expect those returns on sales to be very strong. So that's been consistent and that's really the way we see that developing going forward.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. And then, in the Cabinets segment. You rolled out some new products in the quarter and getting greater traction with the customers, particularly, the dealer channel. Can you talk about the success of those new products so far?
John G. Sznewajs: Right, Desi. So project benefit. We did launch some new products under the Merillat brand earlier in the third quarter. And I would tell you that since that was launched -- it was really in September, it's tough to tell what kind of traction those are getting, since they're just hitting the dealer showrooms at this point. I think we can probably give you a better update in 2014, when we've had more experience with those products.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg with UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's actually Susan for David. You guys noted that you're definitely seeing some improvement in the repair/remodel side of things, can you just give us a little more detail on maybe what exactly you're seeing there and what's driving that? Are you having to increase promotions or incentives in any way? And is it that -- you noted it's at a slightly higher price point, and maybe just what you think is sort of encouraging about them?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, what's encouraging there, Susan, is some increases we saw. We've seen -- we mentioned on the second quarter call that we start to see some trends in terms of pickup that's related to both windows and Cabinets. And I think that as we think about price points, our KraftMaid brand, which is semi-custom, was up low double digits in the quarter. And we also experienced sales in the dealer channel up low double digits. And I think that those 2 facts, from our perspective, certainly, would tend to reinforce and certainly indicate that we're seeing a little bit of movement from a price point standpoint, as well as additional activity in the dealer channel. Both of those would tend to point towards more activity from a remodel standpoint.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then, even as we get into sort of a seasonally slower period in the fourth quarter, do you think that you'll somewhat buck those trends, given that we're sort of in the early days of this and that it's just starting to come back?
Timothy Wadhams: The fourth quarter is seasonally -- usually, a little bit slower. And remodel activity in the fourth quarter, because of the holidays and the time of year, tends to be a little bit lower. Having said that, I don't see anything, as we look out, that would suggest that remodel isn't going to be relatively strong going into the season next year, if you will. And so we're certainly optimistic as we look ahead.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: You mentioned October sales were up high-single digits. Is that kind of an indication that demand -- the velocity of the recovery is decelerating a little bit or just too early to call?
Timothy Wadhams: No, I wouldn't say that at all, Phil. In fact, if you recall, last year's October, for us, was up mid-teens. So we had a very, very strong October last year. And we're up high-single digits against that -- or we appear to be. Obviously, we've got a couple more days left in the month, but we look to be up high-single digits. So no, I wouldn't say that by any means.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got you. And then, on the mix dynamic in your Cabinets business -- I appreciate that you're gaining share on the builders side which, I guess, is a negative mix. But on the flip side, you're seeing a pickup in R&R and the new dealer side. Should that mix dynamic turn positive going forward or how should we be thinking about that dynamic?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think, over time, we typically tend to be about 60% R&R, 40% new home in a more normal kind of environment. Obviously, we're not in a normal environment at this point in time. But I would expect that we would see our sales, at least, tilt towards more repair/remodel activity as time goes on.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question on the paint business. During the quarter, you guys obviously made some investments on promotions for the rollout of some of your new products. That $10 million headwind, should that reverse going into Q4 or should it stay at an elevated level in the short term?
Timothy Wadhams: I wouldn't expect it to be at the $10 million in the fourth quarter. But there could be some incremental promotional-related expense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question on the Cabinets, you had, really, a great acceleration of year-over-year top line growth there, and you mentioned that it was across all channels. But I was wondering to get a little bit more granularity, if possible, in terms of the builder, dealer and retail, which -- if you could kind of walk through the magnitude of growth for each and give us any sense of margin impact? It appears that the negative mix by the builder channel maybe had a little bit of a suppressing effect. But which channel is kind of the most profitable? And understanding that right now, I guess, you're still building out your dealer channel as well.
John G. Sznewajs: Mike, it's John. In terms of growth rates by the various channels which, you would expect, did take place in the quarter. So our direct-to-builder was up a little bit better than lagged -- 90-day lag to housing starts. So up high 20s, low 30s percentage. As Tim mentioned, the dealer channel was up double digits percent, as was the home center channels, in addition. So good strength in the cost -- the remodel channels, as Tim kind of alluded to earlier. We really haven't broken down our margin profitability by segment at all, or by channel, I should say. Though, I would point out to you that our KraftMaid product offering, which has a greater opportunity to be upgraded due to additional features and design elements, probably does carry a little bit stronger margin profile than our direct-to-builder offering.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And just going back to the Decorative Architectural, I know there's been a bunch of questions there. But just trying to understand, I think we've talked about this on previous calls in terms of the longer-term margin profile of the business. Historically, it's been plus or minus around 20%. And now you've had a couple of quarters of promotional spend. I remember back in -- a few years ago, where there was 3- or 4-quarter kind of major upgrade, I believe, in Home Depot, where you were putting in a lot of displays. I think they were even computerized, and there was a big investment there and that really did yield a lot of, I would say, longer-term benefit in terms of the relationship. This sound -- it feels a little bit different this quarter and last, where -- what I'm trying to get a sense of is, is the promotional spend here more of just a shorter term, perhaps, even just cost of doing business with Home Depot, where you're trying to drive volume and take advantage of the season? Or are there longer-term benefits in terms of the volume growth that you saw in the last couple of quarters, going back a few years ago when you put in the displays, et cetera, there was more of a longer-term impact there? It feels like this is more of a shorter term seasonal impact, and maybe you could tell me if I'm on to that or is that accurate or fair or how to think about that?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I would say that's somewhat inaccurate, Mike. Well, you're right about the timing of the color centers, that was 2003 that we put those in. And those have been upgraded since then. And that was a long-term investment by us. But everything we do basically, is, in large part, driven for the longer term. The penetration of the Pro, for example, that we've worked on over the course of the last couple of 3 or 4 years is certainly longer-term opportunity for us. The move into international. We picked up the Mexican business from Home Depot earlier this year. We talked about that. Those are both efforts that are really driven on the longer haul. As we continue to innovate and bring out products, that cycle continues over time and has been evidenced by our Paint & Primer in One, along with the DECKOVER product, the MARQUEE product. So we continue to be longer-term-focused in that segment. And certainly, we'll continue to look at it that way. We think we've got great opportunity with the Pro. We think we've got opportunities from an international perspective. So from that standpoint, certainly, believe that there's a lot of upside for us over the longer term.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So just -- I appreciate that, Tim, and I guess, just following that, in terms of the increased advertising and promotions, how does that fit into -- do those increased advertising and promotions fit into those Pro and Mexico initiatives or are they there to support some of your more new recent products or how does -- or...
Timothy Wadhams: Actually, all of the above, Mike. And basically, when we're promoting or when Home Depot is promoting, generally speaking, that is to attract people to different opportunities. But we've got a variety of products that, that applies to. So I think, generally speaking, that's pretty much across the board.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Question on the Installation division. If the pace of the housing recovery slows, how is that going to impact how you view the business over the next 12 months? Can you -- you mentioned branch openings being planned for next year. Can you flex that up or down, depending on the pace of the housing recovery?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, absolutely, we can flex that. And it really does not have any bearing if there's a little pause here. Obviously, there was an interest rate spike and a little bit of reaction to that a couple, 3 months ago, but from our perspective, that is a pause or could be a pause. We have not seen any impact on our business necessarily, because of the 90- to 120-day lag. But as we look ahead, we are very confident, very comfortable that we ought to continue to see growth on the new home side. Our sense is 150,000, 200,000 starts a year for the next couple, 3 years on the upside. So I wouldn't necessarily see anything that might transpire here as anything other than temporary.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then, you mentioned $2 million to $3 million in costs for the ERP implementation in windows. Was most of that in the third quarter? I'm just trying to figure out what the impact was recently?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, it was a little bit more than half that in the third quarter. There'll be some more expense in the fourth quarter this year. And then, Garik, going forward, for the next couple of years, it'll be $2 million to $3 million each year. And we'll try to give you a sense as to in which quarter that will fall out as we incur the cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Unknown Analyst: [indiscernible] in for Mike. Just a quick question on Hansgrohe. How much does that still drag in terms of the impact from the new market expansion on Plumbing margins?
Timothy Wadhams: There's very little mix impact from that particular business at this point in time. We do have a little bit of a mix related to some of the new products, the source-and-sell toilet that we have mentioned previously, which has a little bit lower margin. But obviously, a nice return.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then just kind of a little higher level, I mean, in the past, you've talked about 13% Plumbing margins, mid-cycle. And you're past that in this quarter. It seems like mix is improving in Hansgrohe. Is there an update you can we give us, maybe, as mix normalizes?
Timothy Wadhams: No, I don't think I would necessarily back away from what we've said. Obviously, we had a very, very good quarter in Plumbing, and we're really proud of that. No question about it. All of our teams did a nice job there. If you look at it year-to-date, we're at about 13.5%, I think, on a year-to-date basis. So I think that guidance for your modeling, going forward, is probably in the right spot. I mean, obviously, we'll work hard to do better than that. But I think that 13-ish is probably pretty -- a pretty good number to use.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is on Cabinets. Obviously, you've seen a nice rebound in profitability, given the low stepping-off point. You've done a lot of work to restructure the business. From here on out, what are the 2 most important initiatives for you to further improve your margin and profitability in this segment? Or is it really now just you like where you're at, you like your product portfolio and your cost position, you're just waiting on the volume improvement from here? Then, I had a follow-on.
John G. Sznewajs: Now, George, I think as we look at our Cabinet business, I think there's a couple of things that we are focused on here. One is, continue to drive innovation, and that's reflected in the product launches that we have under that Merillat brand that are coming onto market, really starting in the third quarter. That will continue all the way into the first quarter of 2014. And then, some differentiated product based on our dealer channel also looking to improve the customer experience across the organization, as part of our Cabinet offering. So those are critical items. And then on top of that, as you would imagine, always focused on our cost position and trying to get our productivity and efficiencies up. So -- and that's evidenced by the fact that we took out a component plant that I referenced in the prepared remarks. So always looking at our footprint. Obviously, volume is going to help. And -- but we're not waiting just solely for volume to come in order to drive the improvements in this operation.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And in Decorative Arc, and specifically, within paints, you obviously mentioned that gallonage is up low teens, and that's terrific. Is it possible to discuss what the revenue growth was within paints in the quarter? Was it a bit better than the overall gallons because, perhaps, some of the new products have a higher price point or, perhaps, was there a negative mix effect that we should be aware? Is there any kind of color you can give us around that?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. I don't think there was any significant mix impact, George, in terms of anything that would have been negative. We did talk a little bit about the DECKOVER product, which was launched along with some of the promotional costs to support that. But don't know that we had a negative mix.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So revenue would have grown more than gallonage?
Timothy Wadhams: No, revenue was a little bit below gallon growth. And as you saw, we did have a negative price/commodity relationship in the segment in that quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: In the Cabinets and Installation Services division, you folks had targeted those, I think, mid last year and you've made some nice progress in terms of stabilizing and turning the profitability positive in those divisions. What are you targeting for each of those divisions for longer term margins? So what can we expect as the recovery goes on here?
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, Nishu. As we were -- both -- if you think about the incremental margins or contribution margins of those businesses, they vary a little bit by business. So at the Cabinet business, it really runs at 30% -- a little bit, maybe a little bit north of that as time rolls on. And then, our Installation segment would run at about a 25% incremental margins or so on a kind of a mid-cycle basis. So if you think about those businesses, and depending on what you believe is mid-cycle, definitely, we believe both those businesses can get back to double-digit operating profit margin area, probably a low double-digit margin for the Installation business. Maybe a little bit better than that, maybe low teens for the Cabinet business, depending on how much volume comes back and the form of the volume. Obviously, the more semi-custom offering that comes back, probably, the greater opportunity for enhanced margin.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. That's very helpful. And the second question I wanted to ask -- a couple of the earlier questions have already referenced this, but I just wanted to revisit it. The soft patch that we've seen in housing and in remodeling as well, some people -- some of your peers have noted some slowdown recently. You mentioned the high-single digits for October did not show -- because of the tough comp, it did not really show any impact from this soft patch or slowdown that some others have noted. So -- but that it may come in the next couple of months. So I just wanted to kind of get the overall takeaway here. Because of the lag between starts and when your revenues show up, is it something that may come up in the next couple of months or have you not seen the slowdown as some of your peers have?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, as we indicated, we haven't, at this point, seen any measurable impact. It's possible that there could be a little bit of impact late this quarter, early next quarter. But again, it gets a little murky, I think, Nishu. With the lag start issue, typically, we run about 90 days. That has been extended in certain cases, with some of the mix of multifamily, for example. Some of the labor constraints. So I think we'll just have to kind of wait and see how that plays through. But again, I would remind folks that we don't see that anything, other than as temporary, if in fact, it does hit us at some point. Our sense is that new home construction -- when you look at the fundamentals, household formation, demographics, et cetera, certainly, we expect that to be strong over the course of the next 2 to 3 years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Crdit Suisse.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is actually Mike Dahl on for Dan. I wanted to ask about thoughts on the balance sheet here. I think you've made some progress and as you noted, there's no real maturities, I guess, until mid-2015 at this point. How are you thinking about free cash flow use, maybe, as it relates to dividend, acquisitions or further debt reduction?
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, Mike. Let me walk you through that. So to your point, we've had great cash flow generation this year so far. Really pleased with the efforts on behalf of everyone on the team. So as we think about our capital allocation priorities, I think they're kind of in this order of priority, right? Obviously, first and foremost, always invest in the business. Whether it's through capital requirements to continue to grow our businesses or to fund innovation or international expansion, we've seen good evidence of the success of all those efforts here in this quarter. After that, I would tell you, in the near term, probably, we'll look to pay down some debt in the next several years. So as we mentioned or you referenced, we've got $500 million coming due in 2015, and $1 billion maturity in '16. And so I think what we'll look to do between that aggregate of $1.5 billion of maturity is, that we'll look to pay down somewhere between $300 million to $500 million of those 2 maturities. We'll just figure out exactly how we'll do that when we're closer to the maturity dates. Then following that, I would look -- I would guide you to think about small tuck-in acquisitions for us. So I do not imagine a sixth or seventh product line for us, but rather, something that we can fold into one of our existing operations. And we've got some great examples of how we've done that over the course of the last several years. One would be, we integrated a small spa business into our Watkins unit in 2011, and had tremendous success growing that business just by pushing that product offering through our distribution network. Similarly, I referenced in my prepared remarks the fact that we've had good success with our composite door acquisition in the U.K. Again, a similar theme there where we've been able to quickly expand that business by offering that product through our existing distribution channel. Then after that, after debt repayment and small acquisitions, then, we would look to do more shareholder-friendly activity, whether it's share repurchases or dividend increases. We'll figure that out as we're in a better position. But for now, those are capital allocation priorities.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then, just as a follow-on. Just given the relative size of the windows business and your desire to kind of expand beyond what, historically, had been the focus. Is that an area of appetite for tuck-in acquisitions as well?
John G. Sznewajs: That business had done a nice job of expanding geographically. They've entered the Texas market recently. They entered Western Canada in the last year, 18 months or so. And so to the extent that there's a complementary tuck-in acquisition that makes sense for the geographic footprint, yes, that would be something we may consider.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Coppola with Thompson Research Group.
Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group, LLC: There was an earlier question about growth rates between direct-to-builder, dealer and retailer. But if you were to drill down into just Cabinets, within the Cabinet segment -- I assume there was growth at all channels, but what did the relative growth rates look like?
John G. Sznewajs: Nick, the question is -- was responding to specifically the Cabinet business.
Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay. So then, I guess, then, the alternate question would be, what did it look like across the entire company?
John G. Sznewajs: Because we've got varying growth rates depending on the segment, I can give you a little bit of guidance and you can see it in the overall segment results. Obviously, new home construction was strong, as evidenced by my commentary on both Cabinets and our Installation business, where our Installation contracting business for residential new construction was up high 20s percent, in line with housing starts lag 90 days. Across a number of our businesses that deal with the dealer networks, so we referenced Cabinetry already, but we experienced a very strong performance to our wholesale customers in Plumbing, as well as our window dealers in our windows segment. Not much -- we saw some increase in our Pro business and paint, but again, it's a relatively small business compared to our very large retail business in paint. Other than that, retail sales were strong, I mean, that's evidenced by the fact that we were up by 9% or so in our paint business, which is our strongest retail-facing business.
Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group, LLC: All right. That makes sense. And then, talking about Decorative Architectural. Even adjusting for the $10 million of incremental ad spend that you both have been talking about, you're still not at the typical leverage, and it looks like the balance is that price/commodity piece. So what are you seeing in price of raw materials? I think there was a previous belief that the worst is behind us for titanium dioxide and propylene, but how should we be thinking about that going forward?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, TiO2 has been relatively stable. But we have seen a little bit of a tick-up in resins, which affect both paint, as well as the window-related business.
Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay. And any expectations for raw materials going forward?
Timothy Wadhams: In terms of looking forward -- no, TiO2 has been relatively stable for a while. Obviously, I think there's some signaling from the suppliers that as demand starts to pick up, that we could see a little bit of movement there. But at this point, that hasn't happened yet. But as demand picks up, I think the probability of that happening is pretty high.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of just fine-tuning questions here. First up, Installation in the quarter, actually, is now tracking housing starts lagged by a quarter, which has not been the case for a number of reasons in the past. And I also noticed that Owens Corning had an 8% installation growth, and yours is considerably higher at nearly 20%. Should we expect now that your Installation business should be tracking starts lagged by a quarter or was there some sort of a one-off impetus to growth in this quarter, perhaps, that might not be -- should not be sustained?
John G. Sznewajs: Sam, as I take a look at -- and we've been trying to break this out every quarter for the last several quarters. Our Installation sales to residential new construction have pretty much, for the last several quarters, mirrored housing starts lagged 90 days now. I'd tell you, well, we are seeing a little bit differently in the marketplace. It seems like lag times for the big builders are getting back to a more normalized rate than they've been historically. Where we're still seeing expanded or lengthier lead times is with the regional or custom builders. Those seem to be running kind of in the 5-, 6-month lag time as opposed to the 90-day lag time.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my last question, a follow-up regarding your Plumbing margin commentary, Tim, where you mentioned that 13% might be a good number to assume for the year. That suggests a fairly significant stepdown sequentially.
Timothy Wadhams: No, I didn't say for the year, Sam. I think the question was going forward over the longer term. I did not -- that was not a suggestion for the full year.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So then, how -- if you're doing a 15% now, how sustainable is that near term?
Timothy Wadhams: We don't generally predict margins, Sam. But obviously, this year has been a good year in Plumbing. I think what we're really seeing is the benefit from some of the growth initiative spend that hit margins a little bit over the course of the last couple of years. So in terms of looking ahead, we continue to be pretty optimistic about the way returns will flow coming forward.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Are there any seasonal aspects to the Plumbing margins at all, Q3 over Q4?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, there are seasonal issues that affect the top line. And usually, the Q4, Q1 timeframe for us, tends to be a little bit slower.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And last question, if I could. Could you remind us what the year-over-year comparisons are in November and December versus what -- the difficult comparison that you saw in October?
John G. Sznewajs: Well -- Sam, I don't have the...
Timothy Wadhams: We were mid-single digits in both November and December last year, Sam.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Barclays.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Steve Kim from Barclays. Most of my questions have been answered, but I guess my first question relates to just fine-tuning on the Cabinet side. We talked about the fact -- or you talked about the fact that there were about $2 million of headwind from the Chinese plywood issue. You talked about the fact that the builder market was a benefit to you this quarter, outstripping the growth because it was so strong in the dealer. I guess I'm curious as to what we can look forward to in the fourth quarter because the pricing action that you referenced, it sounds like it's not coming in until the sort of the end of the fourth quarter. The plywood tariff sounds like it really hit in the end of the third quarter. So we got a little bit of a gap here, where we could float [ph] them. I'm curious as to how we should be thinking about the cost dynamics in Cabinets relative to what we saw -- that $2 million we saw in the third quarter, what we can -- you think we can -- might be able to see or we should be thinking about in the fourth quarter?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, I think your commentary is pretty good, that there will be little bit of a lag in the fourth quarter as a result of pricing not going until late in the quarter.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So then sort of following up on that, I guess, I just want to make sure we are sort of modeling things correctly. I mean, I totally hear you about both the hiccup in builder starts being a temporary phenomenon. I agree with that. I definitely understand the longer-term focus of the business and the trajectory being solid -- solidly upward. At the same time, I just want to make sure that if there's any hiccups along the way like in fourth quarter, that we are properly thinking about them. So you had an extremely strong incremental margin in the third quarter here in Cabinets. Would it be your expectation that the incremental margin would likely sort of come back down to a sort of more sustainable, more normal type level in 4Q in Cabinets? And then, just, if I could touch on -- tack onto that, are there any other unusual items that we should be thinking about in fourth quarter like any timing of promotional issues that you know about or tax issues or shipping days? I'm just trying to think -- making sure that there's nothing sort of on the sidelines that we're not thinking about that we should be.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, in terms of -- I think you had a number of questions embedded in there. But I -- trying to get I think the general theme of your commentary. Incremental margins in the third quarter were very strong. Though, we experience very strong incremental margins in this segment all year long. So I feel pretty good about the incremental margins that the team is delivering in Cabinetry. Secondly, you kind of had a series of comments or questions with respect to the fourth quarter, on how things look. I think the big question mark we have there is the remodeling. If -- to the extent that remodeling continues the trends that we've seen, that is favorable to our incremental margins and our margin profile going forward. So to the extent we continue to show strength in remodeling, could that help offset some of the negative impact of the Chinese tariff in the fourth quarter? Yes, that could be the case.
Timothy Wadhams: I think -- I would think about that, Steve, is that whatever you think third quarter looks like, if you use an approximate 30% incremental margin across the company, that probably is going to get you pretty close to whatever drop we'll have for our profitability. And Tiffany, we're winding up here, but I want to thank everybody for their participation today. And have a good rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Duey - Vice President - Investor Relations Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group, LLC Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Second Quarter 2013 Conference Call. My name is Regina, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Maria Duey. Maria, you may begin.
Maria Duey: Thank you, Regina, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call today are Tim Wadhams, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion on our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. [Operator Instructions] If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to call me directly at (313) 792-5500. I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We have described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and Other Disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. We have provided a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP on our website at www.masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Wadhams. Tim?
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Maria, and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's second quarter 2013 earnings call. If you please move to Slide #4. We're very pleased with our second quarter 2013 results, certainly one of our strongest quarters since the downturn and a continuation of the momentum, which started for us in the fourth quarter of 2012. We continued our trend of delivering growth in the second quarter, with all 5 of our operating segments increasing top line sales and expanding operating margins. Our leadership position in the building products industry and our focused execution against rising new home construction activity particularly benefited our Cabinet, Installation and window-related businesses. Notably, our Installation and Cabinetry segments were both profitable in the quarter, reflecting our strong leverage to a housing recovery and our continued commitment to cost containment. As we previously indicated, returning these segments to profitability has been one of our prime -- our top priorities. Demonstrating the strength of our brands was a strong sales contribution from new product introductions, particularly in our paint and Plumbing businesses. And despite challenging macroeconomic environments in the Eurozone, our international sales increased in the quarter, reflecting strong performance by our international Plumbing and window businesses. And if you would please turn to Slide #5. As we've communicated in the past, our strategy is focused on 4 key elements to drive performance. We expanded our market leadership by continuing our legacy of introducing new products and programs, which matter to both our customers and the end consumer. Our Decorative Architectural businesses introduced new products at retail, which have exceeded expectation. And we continue to reap the benefits from previously-introduced products and programs with our North American faucet and toilet businesses, which delivered mid-teens growth in the quarter. Our emphasis on cost control is evident in our continued SG&A improvement. As I mentioned, we continue to see improvement in our Installation and Cabinet segments. Our Installation segment is capitalizing on improved market dynamics and drove increased sales in all channels of their business. By remaining focused on profitability, they continued their trend of improving operating profit. The new management team that's been in place in our North American Cabinet business for the past year has had a positive impact on that business. The segment reached profitability in the quarter and continues to execute on their plan of stabilizing the business and positioning it for future profitable growth. Combining these 2 segments, our Cabinet and Installation business improved by $26 million of operating profit versus the second quarter of 2012, and we're obviously very pleased with that performance. In addition, we remain committed to strengthening our balance sheet and continue to improve our working capital during the quarter. These execution highlights produced a very strong second quarter, and we're very pleased with the trajectory of our performance. If you please move to Slide #6. At this time, I'd like to turn the presentation over to John Sznewajs, our Chief Financial Officer. And John will walk us through our segment operating performance.
John G. Sznewajs: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. If you could please flip to Slide 7. As Tim just mentioned, our momentum accelerated coming out of the first quarter, and we delivered a strong second quarter. Sales increased 10%, with North American sales up 11% and international sales up 6% in local currency for the quarter. Currency, I should say, had a minimal impact in the quarter. Volume increases were strongest in our direct-to-builder channel. We did a great job of leveraging our fixed costs in the quarter, as our adjusted gross margins expanded 200 basis points to 28.9%. We're also pleased with the strength of our bottom line performance, as our commitment to cost control helped to leverage our SG&A and increased our adjusted operating income 57% to $206 million, with adjusted operating margins expanding nearly 300 basis points to 9.6%. We realized strong operating leverage, as we delivered 37% incremental margins in the quarter. And our adjusted EPS more than doubled in the quarter, to $0.23 per share from $0.11 per share 1 year ago. Turning to Slide 8, we see the components of our operating income improvement in the second quarter. The $43 million increase in net volume/mix was driven by solid volume increases in our Installation, Plumbing and Decorative Architectural businesses and to a lesser degree, in our Cabinets and Other Specialty segments. This growth was partially offset by negative mix in our Cabinet business, as we experienced solid growth -- sales growth to production builders in our Plumbing segment with our successful new programs and expansion into international markets. Net price/commodity improved by approximately $22 million, largely driven by our Cabinets, European Plumbing and U.S. window businesses. This also reflects the year-over-year impact of our metal hedge, which was $1 million favorable in this current quarter. We captured $45 million of profit improvements gross in the quarter, and we believe we are on track to realize our full year profit improvement initiatives gross of approximately $150 million. Turning to Slide 9, you can see that our Plumbing segment sales increased 9% in the quarter. The strong sales momentum we've been experiencing in our North American faucet and toilet businesses, which include our leading brands, Delta, Peerless and Brizo, continued in the second quarter. Our sales of these products grew mid-teens percent, aided by last year's program wins in the retails channel and strong balanced performance in the trade channel, reflecting our continued investment in the showroom, commercial and multifamily segments of this channel. As a reminder, our revenue in the second half of 2012 benefited from about $25 million of load-ins related to our retail program wins in the third and fourth quarters of last year, so we'll have some difficult comps in the next 2 quarters. We also experienced mid- to high-single-digit growth from several of our North American businesses, such as rough plumbing and spas. Our European sales rebounded nicely, with sales increasing 6% in local currencies, following a Q1 that was hampered by difficult weather conditions. This increase was led by Hansgrohe, as our other European Plumbing businesses were relatively flat in the quarter. Offsetting this growth were weaker sales from our bathing unit business. As we previously mentioned, we launched a retail shower surround and tub line review and exited a product line. These negatively impacted sales by approximately $13 million in the quarter, and we estimate it will total approximately $50 million for the full year 2013. Year-over-year operating profit increased $37 million, driven by increased volume, a favorable price/commodity relationship, particularly in Europe, and favorable productivity and cost control. This was partially offset by negative mix. Turning to Slide 10, you see that revenue in our Decorative Architectural segment increased 9% in the quarter, driven by strong core DIY paint sales and new product introductions. The 2 products we've launched in Q2 at The Home Depot, BEHR MARQUEE and BEHR DECKOVER, are off to a terrific start. We also experienced growth in both our Pro and Mexico paint initiatives. And as a result, we had mid-single-digit gallon growth in the quarter. Finally, Liberty Hardware contributed to the segment's top line growth, as they rolled out several new programs and promotions at retail in the quarter. Operating margins expanded slightly, as the benefits from additional volume were partially offset by increased advertising and other costs for the new products and programs and an unfavorable price/commodity relationship. These costs aggregated approximately $10 million in the quarter. Turning to Slide 11. You can see our continued focus on profitable growth in the Cabinet segment resulted in the improved bottom line performance, as we posted a profit in the quarter. We also saw improved top line performance, with segment sales increasing 5%. North American Cabinet sales, excluding countertops, increased high single-digit percent in the quarter, reflecting strong direct-to-builder growth. We are profitable in our North American business and improved our operating results in the quarter by $9 million as a result of cost control, productivity improvements, which include the benefits from prior year restructuring activities, and the favorable price/commodity relationship that reflects lower promotional spending. This favorability was partially offset by negative mix due to increased sales to production builders. The turnaround plan in North America is on track, and we are profitable in this segment sooner than we anticipated as a result of our focus on cost containment, improving demand and restructuring actions taken in late 2012. As we turn to Slide 12, you see our sales growth of 21% was primarily fueled by higher sales volume in our residential new construction, commercial, retrofit and distribution businesses. Residential new construction Installation sales increased more than 30% in the quarter, and have continued to focus on increasing our Installation sales across all lines of business. We are growing with all builders but particularly, the big builders, including Toll Brothers, D.R. Horton, Lennar, Pulte and KB. And in the second quarter, we signed a national contract with Beazer. In addition to solid top line performance, management's strong execution delivered significantly improved bottom line results, with adjusted operating profit improving by $17 million and adjusted operating margins expanding 520 basis points. This segment exhibited strong operating leverage in the quarter, delivering 28% incremental margins despite the impact of rising material and labor costs. This business is focused on cost control, coupled with the benefits they are realizing from prior profit improvement actions, have positioned them to grow profitably with the housing recovery. Turning to Slide 13. Our Other Specialty Products segment increased a strong 13% in the quarter, driven by North American window sales increasing more than 20%. This growth was due to higher sales in both our new home construction and replacement window markets, as well as new product introductions. We are particularly pleased that our replacement window sales increased high-teens percent, reflecting growth driven by new products. And despite difficult economic conditions, our U.K. window business grew low-teens percent due to higher volumes, and was aided by a small composite door acquisition that we made in the first quarter. Segment adjusted operating profit improved by $8 million, and adjusted operating margins expanded 450 basis points, resulting from incremental volume and improved price/commodity relationship and lean in-sourcing savings. Finally, looking at our balance sheet on Slide 14. You can see that we continue to have strong working capital execution, as we improved working cap as a percent of sales to 13.1% from 14.6% 1 year ago. Also here in the third quarter, we'll be retiring our $200 million debt maturity on August 15, its maturity date. And finally, we finished the quarter with just over $1.2 billion of cash on the balance sheet. Now if you flip to Slide 15, with that I'll turn the call back over to Tim for his comments on our outlook.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, John. And if you would please move to Slide #16. Our success in the second quarter reflects our commitment to executing on the priorities we identified at the beginning of the year. Our Installation and Cabinet businesses are steadily delivering results against improving market dynamics. We expect that the previous actions they have taken to improve their business will continue to deliver benefits going forward. Our commitment to innovation, new programs and strategic growth initiatives is producing results, as evidenced by our second quarter performance. And as John mentioned, debt reduction is slated for a couple of weeks from now with cash that we have on hand. We're encouraged by our second quarter performance and the continued progress against our priorities. And we certainly want to thank our employees worldwide for their ongoing efforts to drive Masco's performance. And if you would please move to Slide #17 and a couple of comments before we go to the Q&A session. While we're pleased with our first half performance, we recognize that we still face macroeconomic challenges that we'll have to manage. The recovery in the U.S. is less than robust, and the Eurozone continues in recession. While new home construction in North America continues to increase, the composition of starts, at least at this point, continues with more multifamily homes, which has an impact on our mix. And commodities have, for the most part, temporarily eased. However, the potential for unforeseen volatility continues to exist. Despite these macroeconomic factors, we're committed to delivering strong performance, and we've demonstrated our ability to capitalize on the improving market dynamics we are all experiencing. Our market-leading positions, supported by our strong liquidity, enable us to respond to increased demand in new home construction with greater agility. Our brands and our commitment to innovation represent strengths we can leverage in the repair/remodel channels to gain share and increase our strategic relationships with our key customers. And fundamental to delivering that strong performance as we realize additional growth opportunities, we are confident that our operating leverage, driven by our scale and our emphasis on cost containment, will deliver meaningful incremental profits. We're encouraged by our first half 2013 results, and particularly pleased with the strength of our second quarter. We have solid momentum going in the second half of 2013, and we're off to a good start in the third quarter, with July sales up low-double digits. And with that, I'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Crdit Suisse.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's actually Mike Dahl on for Dan. First question, actually, on the paint side, I wanted to see if you could drill down into that $10 million that you mentioned as far as the unfavorable headwinds on the margin side. How much of that was commodity? How much of it was the initiatives at Depot? And how should we think about that for the balance of 2013?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, it's John. I'd tell you that the majority of that $10 million was program-related costs and that the price/commodity relationship was just a minor piece of that $10 million. To the second piece of your question about how do we think about that going forward, hopefully, we'll have some additional program costs going forward, because that reflects the fact that we're getting additional business with our home center customers, our other customers. So but if it -- as you know, those things are tough to predict, so it's tough to say how those will play out in the segment going forward. But we'll continue to keep the investment community apprised as we win new programs in -- at retail.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And shifting gears to the install side, the national contract win with Beazer, could you talk about the scope of that? Is it just Installation? Or how many products are you getting in the door there?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, again, that's an Installation national contract as well. I don't believe we have 100% of their business, but I think it's a vast majority of their business, because they may have some developments or communities where we don't have resources. So -- but yes, again, the team down at MCS has done a fantastic job of dealing with the big builders and winning these national contracts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Guys, fantastic quarter and a great job on cost control. Had a quick question about Cabinets. New res construction is -- housing starts were up 20% year-over-year, and I think you got pricing in the quarter. So I was wondering -- I thought Cabinets would be a little bit more robust top line, and I was curious if that was due to Europe or some volume growth was offset by somewhere else.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Europe hit us a little bit on the negative side on that, Bob. And thanks for your comment in terms of the quarter. But yes, Europe hit us a little bit on the top line, and we had a little bit of a mix issue, as John mentioned, relative to top line. We were up 8% in North America in terms of Cabinets overall, and had a little bit of mix impact. But felt like we had a pretty decent quarter, did a good job on the dealer channel, good job with big builders, obviously.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And one follow-up, too. Paint was really good top line, growing 9%. And I was hoping I could get a little bit more color on incremental margins given the good volume, and kind of the trade-off between higher advertising costs versus potentially weaker mix and how you anticipate that playing out. You got great incrementals across the rest of the portfolio. Was wondering if paint starts to deliver equally attractive incrementals in the second part of the year.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, thanks. Yes. The issue there, Bob, is traditionally, we have -- almost all of our advertising spend takes place in the second quarter, and so when you compare second quarter to first quarter, you've got that delta. And in this particular quarter, as John mentioned, we had some additional costs related to new programs, as well as some incremental advertising costs above last year. As we mentioned before, our primary objective when -- in the paint category is to drive gallons. And as John mentioned, we had a nice lift in terms of a mid-single-digit increase in terms of gallon growth versus last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: First question just had to do with the remodeling side of the business, you noted in the press release, seeing some pickup there. I was wondering if you'd just elaborate on the products that you guys look at internally, whether that's components of Cabinets or components of windows, faucets, et cetera, where you're seeing starting to see some momentum there and just thoughts around the category.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Lower price points, Dennis, obviously, with paint and faucets have done well for us over the course of the last couple of years. But what we've seen, and we talked a little bit about that in the first quarter, is a little bit of pickup in terms of windows for replacement or remodel, as well as Cabinets. As we mentioned, dealer sales in Cabinets were relatively strong in the quarter related to last year, so we've seen a little bit more activity there. I think it's still a little bit early to declare victory on the bigger ticket side, but trends seem to be indicating more foot traffic, more interest and certainly a little bit of pickup in terms of execution.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay. And then separately, we've seen a lot of press releases related to Installation branches starting to come back online. Can you just maybe quantify where that number stands today and then just how you guys are thinking about growth in that business through branch as supposed to organic for existing branches over the next couple of years?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, sure, Dennis. I think our goal for the year is at about 15 branches at MCS by the end of the year. I think to date, we're at about 9 so far, and not all of those are full branches. I should remind you and the rest of the folks on the line that we're taking a very thoughtful look about how we expand the business as it relates to our branches. So in a number of areas, we're adding unmanned strategic stocking centers, where we are -- where we just drop inventory, and our crews can go there and pick up inventory to expand the geographic presence that we can cover. So -- and those, we believe, will ultimately turn into full branches once they've got enough volume in that area where it warrants a full branch. So we're trying to keep our costs in control as we slowly grow that business.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: But does that change the incremental cost of the business at all?
John G. Sznewajs: I think it improves it slightly, but I don't think we're going to materially deviate from that sort of 25% incremental margin that we've been guiding you to over the course of the last year or 2.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Question is on Europe. The international sales were, I think, surprisingly good considering the trends there. I know you talked about some individual wins. But what's your view for Europe for the second half of the year? I mean, are we seeing a bottoming there? Or just what's the kind of trend you see going into July?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think that what I've seen more recently is it looks like things have stabilized to a certain extent in Europe, at least that's what some of the economists seem to be indicating. We are, as we've said before, Keith, we're positioned in the United Kingdom, which is 1 of the 2 economies that I think are expected to have positive GDP this year, along with Germany. And so our position there has been pretty stable over the course of the last several quarters. We did have a nice lift in that quarter with our window business -- in the second quarter with our window business, which is in the U.K. And then, of course, Hansgrohe, with their international reach, if you will, continues to do a nice job with some of the project works, some of the new markets that they've entered. So that tends to give us a little bit more balance. So I would expect that we'll continue to do well with Hansgrohe going forward. There's no question about that. I don't particularly anticipate a big lift at -- from an economic standpoint, but I think our businesses will continue to perform pretty well. You might remember that we've been up in local currencies in Europe over the last 2 years, as I recall, fairly modest but still up. And I think that as things get better, we would expect to do a little bit better than we've done in terms of the last couple of years.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And a final question on the paint business. You talked about some extra adds in product rollout costs in the second quarter. Does that abate as we go into the third?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Keith, that would abate. That was kind of a onetime cost to get those products into the store shelves and in front of the consumers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Wanted to ask the first question. John, you mentioned the nice performance on Installation Services, and that was in spite of labor issues. So I wanted to get a little bit more color on that. And also, in any of your other businesses that are more labor intensive, as you're ramping up in terms of adding staff back for the housing recovery, how those -- whether any issues have cropped up and how that's been managed, how that's been looking?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Nishu, we have experienced some labor tightness around -- in various markets throughout the United States, but it's not a uniform tightness. So certain markets like Texas, Northern California, the Denver area, we've experienced some tightness in our labor. But we've hired more than 500 people across the organization since the beginning of the year to support the growth, and that's not just in our Installation business, but that's company-wide. And we've not had a significant issue in terms of finding people. We offer benefits, where many of the competitors that we're up against are smaller competitors and may not have a benefit package they can offer to their employees. So getting people in the door has not been an issue for us at this point.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And what about across the other divisions? Has that been an issue, let's say, in the -- in windows or Cabinets or any of your other operations?
John G. Sznewajs: No, at this point, Nishu, it's not been an issue across any of the manufacturing operations. We do actively recruit all the time to ensure that we've got an adequate pipeline of labor, and we feel pretty confident about where we stand today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My 2 questions were really around Behr. On the one hand, I was hoping to discuss with a little bit more detail what kind of pickup or benefit you're seeing from the Pro initiatives. And then switching gears to the retail side, if you will, what benefit are you seeing from MARQUEE thus far in the market, and what benefit is it having on your other brands through Home Depot?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. On the Pro side, George, we continue to show nice increases year-over-year. We haven't quantified that, but we continue to get some nice penetration there. We've done some things to repackage our KILZ brand, done some formulation work there. And that activity seems to be paying off fairly well, and so we're encouraged by that. As it relates to MARQUEE, MARQUEE is doing well. We launched both MARQUEE and a new product that we call DECKOVER, and both of those are doing well in the marketplace. DECKOVER, given the time of year and the nature of that product, has really been a grand slam for us. It's just performed exceedingly well. In fact, we've had a little bit of problem, quite frankly, from a supply perspective in a couple of situations, so we're ramping that up. But both of those products are performing well for us at retail.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just on the Pro initiatives, you say you're doing well. I know you're not quantifying it, but would it be fair to say you're doing better than your own-roll gallonage growth, even though I realize that's kind of an apple-and-oranges comparison?
Timothy Wadhams: A little tough for us to respond to that. We didn't really break it down between Pro and DIY. As we indicated, we were up mid-single digits in terms of gallons. But that would really apply to both retail and Pro. I can't tell you it's 6 and 6, but it certainly would represent increased gallons in both those areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie Capital.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: You had impressive Cabinets margins, but as I do look at the roughly $25 million annualized that you saved from the 2 plant closures and I attribute 1/4 of that to the quarter, it looks like it leaves about 25% incremental margins in the remaining sales growth. I'm curious if that's what you'd expect going forward if there was a drag on that from the product rollouts, like Merillat next quarter, that you're planning?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, it's a more mix issue, Mike, in terms of the large increase that we've had on the new builders side -- or new home side, excuse me, particularly with some of the larger builders. So that's more of a mix-related issue in terms of the analysis that you just did.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Great. And also in the press release, you've mentioned you were encouraged by R&R trends. Could you give us an update in terms of what that growth rate looked like? And in the past, you've given an update in terms of post quarter trends, so if you have any comments on July?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, July was pretty much, across the board, came in strong. As we mentioned, low-double digits, and there really isn't anything unusual going segment by segment. I mean, all segments had some strong results there. We talked a little bit earlier about the R&R side of things, and as we indicated in the press release, seen some improving trends there. As I mentioned previously, lower ticket items like faucets and paint have continued to do well. But we are seeing a little bit more activity around windows for replacement or remodel, as well as a little bit more activity from a Cabinet standpoint. I wouldn't necessarily want to predict what the second half would look like there. I mean, our sense is that, that ought to continue. I think some of the fundamentals, when you think about housing turnover, you think about the fact that home price appreciation has continued, which is certainly a plus in that regard, consumer confidence is ticking up a little bit, job growth is there. So it would feel to me like, assuming that, that continues in the second half, we ought to continue to see positive trends in those 2 bigger ticket items for our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I'd like to follow up on the windows, where your success continues. Not only I think is the category turning, but you're obviously gaining share. And could you kind of discuss how that plays out given you're more Western focus? You talked about home prices. I mean, is there something really distinct that you are seeing, since your growth rates are so strong and so given your regional exposure, a? And b, is it getting more rational on the extrusion side? Is that actual industry finally getting its capacity in line?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I would think from a capacity standpoint, Ken, that things are fairly balanced. You might remember that about 1.5 years ago or so, we took a couple, 3 plants out in the West and certainly, feel like our capacity's in a very good spot at this point in time. And yes, what I would say is that we are a regional business, and when we talk about increases, we're talking about, in terms of share, talking about the regional market that we play in. And Milgard's continued to just do a very good job. It's a great brand. We've had some new product introductions that have helped, a lot of focus on dealer relations and the pipeline in the dealer channel. And obviously, in the West, we've seen some improved repair/remodel activity. So I think it's more a market dynamic and the fact that we're executing at a very high level and we've got some new product in the channel.
John G. Sznewajs: And Ken, just to add to Tim's comment just to refresh your memory, we do our own extrusions within Milgard. So we don't really take a look at the extrusion industry and what's happening out there. We feel pretty comfortable about our internal capacity.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then if you could -- in Installation, where you did obviously go to positive, can you kind of maybe give us a little more granularity around what's enabling you to go into these markets? Is it that the -- there's a certain volume that you're targeting? And could you perhaps comment on the volume leverage that you're getting as opposed to price in the business, enabling you to lift margins as well?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Ken, as we have historically said, maybe to address your last question first. We've typically experienced about 25% incremental margins in this segment on volume, and that's about where we're at right now. We've been very consistent on that over the course of the last several quarters, so the volume has been pretty good. In terms of how we grow this business, we are being very thoughtful about where we see demand increasing, and then placing our R&D strategic stocking centers, that we talked about a little bit about earlier, in those locations where -- that are seeing that growth in demand and going after it with our large builder and then also our more traditional local and regional builders as well. So we cut across all the customers in that segment or that business. So we feel very good about the execution that the team is delivering there.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. And I guess to the extent you're running below, if you say 25% on volume and if you're below that, are you insinuating that price was not positive?
John G. Sznewajs: No, if you're asking about the fact that there was some Installation pricing that was put out in the marketplace in the second quarter, I'd tell you that we worked hard to offset that -- those increases by working with our suppliers, focusing on our own internal productivity, but then also, in certain instances, passing through price as required.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. And Ken, that's been a dynamic for the last couple of years. So we have not had significant price/commodity impact in that segment over the course of the last couple of years. So I think to John's point, we've been successful managing price increases that have been placed in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered. Specifically, I guess, Cabinets, regarding to the home center level, you mentioned the dealer and the builder demand being real strong. What are you seeing there? And what do you expect over the next 6 to 12 months at that specific vertical?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Sam, it's John. We -- I think it's fair to say that we had modest share increases year-over-year in Cabinets at home centers. I'd also tell you that sequentially, as we talked about in our first quarter call, that we had stronger share gains from Q1 into Q2, as some of our competitors rolled off some of the aggressive promotional activity that they were undertaking, and we've been very consistent with our promotional activity. So as we -- as I referenced on the first quarter call, you're going to rebalance after the end of those promotional periods. So feel pretty good about where we're at, as always, continue to focus on that aspect of our business to try to grow it.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And key retailer sales, Tim, did you mentioned that? I didn't hear it if you did.
Timothy Wadhams: No, I did not mention it, Sam. And we have made a decision not to provide that going forward. Basically, that doesn't say a heck of a lot about our business. It does give some readthrough, if you will, to a couple of our customers, and from their perspective, they would appreciate it if we didn't disclose that particular metric. So we've decided not to do it. Obviously, as you look at our segments and think about paint, think about Plumbing, think about the commentary that we do by channel, you can get a pretty good perspective of how we're doing in that particular area of the business. But from our standpoint, that doesn't really lend a whole lot to understanding Masco's performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Coppola with Thompson Research.
Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group, LLC: So looking at Cabinets, particularly at retail and dealers, are you starting to see customers trading up to some of the higher price points that would be accretive to margins?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Nick. We're are starting to see some evidence of that, as people shift up from some of our lower basic rate products to things like all-plywood construction, some of the premium door styles and finishes. We are seeing some of those trends in the marketplace.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. The other thing, Nick, that I think is kind of important there is that folks who are interested in a higher-end cabinet, our semi-custom, for example, if they're not going to buy it now, they tend to wait. And so we're not seeing people necessarily trade down in that channel. So -- and I think that's another nugget, if you will, in terms of just the way people are starting to think about things. At least, that's what we're feeling in the marketplace.
Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then across segments, if I heard correctly, sales to big builders has improved even incrementally relative to prior quarters. Thinking about that, what is that a function of? Is it really a function of new contracts, like we talked about with Beazer? Or is it really getting additional penetration with existing customers?
Timothy Wadhams: I think it's a combination of really getting new opportunities with builders, and again, as John had indicated, we've always been strong across the -- with the local or regional guy. But I think what's really happening there is that the bigger builders are taking share, that when you think about the new home activity, a lot of that is being picked up by the larger builders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Rudiger with Wells Fargo Securities.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you talk about what happened -- what the sales did in June? If I recall, you -- intra-quarter, you had talked about some double-digit and mid-teens growth in April and May, which suggests June might have slowed a little bit. So can you just talk about the puts and takes and maybe last year's comparisons in June?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, June was up mid-single digit in terms of sales. You're correct. April was up mid-teens. May was up low-double digits. So there was a little bit of a drop, vis--vis those 2 months. But as I mentioned, July came in or it looks like it's going to come in. We don't have the final numbers yet, obviously, but it looks like it's going to come in at least at the low double-digit kind of range. So I'm not sure I'd read too much into that, Adam. I think that given the strength of April, May coming off of a relatively slower first quarter, we talked about that from a weather perspective. So I think there was a little bit of a lift there, weather related. June came in about what we anticipated, quite frankly, in terms of our planning. So there wasn't necessarily anything unusual relative to June. And as I indicated, July has picked up again to at least what appears to be a low double-digit area.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on that note, was there -- do you think there -- was there a -- from May with the new programs of the deck paint and the MARQUEE, did that, do you think, add? Or as you quantify the incremental sales at Depot, that might have been kind of onetime in nature as you get those products in the stores?
John G. Sznewajs: No, we did not quantify, Adam. Partly, if you recall Tim's comments a couple of minutes ago about the strength of some of the activity surrounding those new products, we don't think that there was much of a load-in impact in the second quarter just given the strength of the sell-through that we saw on those products.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First on Installation if you could. In the past, in the last cycle, when you were growing both sides of the business, the Installation side and the non-Installation side, as you were ramping up the non-Installation products, there was a negative mix there. Since then, in the downturn, you've shutdown a lot of those non-Installation products. So I was hoping if you could give us a sense of where you are in terms of the dollar mix of the business between Installation, non-Installation and retrofit and the relative profitability of those 3 segments and how you think about that coming out into this upcoming cycle.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, you got a couple of questions embedded in there, so let me try to -- make certain that I get to all of them. So I think your first question was around the mix of business Installation versus non-Installation. And right now if you look at our contracting business, it looks like about a 2/3, 1/3 kind of mix, 2/3 being Installation, 1/3 being the diversified products that we call them, things like fireplaces, gutters, garage doors and after paint. Also, I think you asked about the profitability of Installation versus the diversified products. And I'd tell you, you might expect that -- we've always been a large buyer of installation, so I think those products do have slightly better margins than our diversified products. But I would tell you that our diversified products, the ones that we're still in, are much better than the diversified products that we had several years ago, just given the breadth that we had. And was there a third question embedded in there, Mike, that I may have...
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: John, just about how you think about growing each of the 2 businesses going forward. If, coming up into this upcoming cycle, are you going to maybe lean more on the Installation side, or would you kind of try and grow that non -- or that diversified products business back to where it was?
John G. Sznewajs: Clearly, Mike, because we've narrowed the scope of the number of diversified products, it won't nearly get to be the size that it was in the last cycle. That said, I think what we're trying to do is better balance the business for the long run, and that includes looking at focusing on the retrofit business, where we do have dedicated salespeople going after that business, and then continue to focus on both Installation and diversified products with all of our customers. So I think there's -- the foot's on the gas across all 3 kind of -- all 3 product categories.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just one additional question if I could. On the new products, I believe you mentioned right at the beginning of the call that some of them were exceeding your expectations, which is great to hear. I was hoping maybe, is there -- are there any kind of metrics you could share about how you track those new products, perhaps as in terms of a vitality index across all of your sales or contribution to growth and how we should think about that going forward.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we don't necessarily break out the contribution or haven't tried to aggregate that, Mike. But basically, you might remember from some of our presentations that our vitality index currently is running above 30%. And in our vitality index, our new products -- manufacturing products, that excludes our Installation business, but basically, those are products that we've introduced within the last 3 years as a percent of our total sales, and that's been above 30%. My guess would be, given the strength of what's taken place this year, we should certainly be, in 2013, above that 30% level going forward. And that really reflects the emphasis we've put on innovation, some of the new programs we've come out with, the toilet programs, some of the faucet programs. And we certainly see that as a very fundamental part of our strategy going forward, and a continued area that we'll certainly be emphasizing.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Can I squeeze one last one in?
Timothy Wadhams: No, we need to move to the next person. But we'll catch up with you on the phone.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen East with ISI Group.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Tim, when you look at your incremental op margins, they've improved awfully nicely in the first half the year, and I actually look for some acceleration in the second half of the year. What -- where do you think your normalized incremental op margin should be? And how long do you think it takes you to get back as you sort of climb down during the re-acceleration period of the cycle?
Timothy Wadhams: I think the way to answer that, Steve, is really talk about our contribution margin. Obviously, the incremental profits have been a little bit higher than 30%, which is basically the contribution margin across the enterprise. We've talked a little bit about that by segment. But I think from a modeling perspective, if you were to use the 30%, that'll get you into the right ballpark. We've had a little bit of benefit, as John mentioned, from price/commodity relationships that tend to help that. But I think if you use the 30% contribution margin, I think that is a very good proxy for what ought to drop to the bottom line on incremental volume. As we've said a couple of times, when we have a new program, that's a little bit different. Those incremental margins can be a little bit less than that, because you've got additional advertising or merchandising-related costs, which would be true with, for example, with our new toilet program.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And would the remodeling incremental margin be any different than what you would see in your normal course of business?
Timothy Wadhams: I wouldn't necessarily say so, Stephen. Again, when we think about incremental or contribution margin on volume, that's pretty constant. Typically, on the repair/remodel side, you might have a little bit of additional advertising-related cost or merchandising-related cost. But again, that blended 30% is a pretty good way to look at it.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question, someone asked you about June. The last few quarters you've seemed to -- your trend seems to be strongest in the first month of the quarter and ease back a bit. Should we -- is that how we should think about your business? Or have there just been some unusual things that have transpired as you go through the quarters recently?
Timothy Wadhams: I don't know that I would necessarily read too much into the fact that the first month of the quarter, for the last couple, 3 quarters, has been strong. We're not complaining about that at all. I mean, we certainly have enjoyed some pretty good starts to the quarter. If you go back to January, as well as April and July, there's no question. And again, I think that anytime you're in a recovery, it's going to be a little lumpy at times, and you're going to see order patterns change a little bit, buying patterns by consumers change a little bit. I mean they can move around, and I think that's more indicative of the fact that we're still coming off of a bottom here that's been pretty protracted. The recovery in housing has been pretty strong and pretty solid over the course of the last 1.5 years or so. But when you look at GDP and the overall general economic environment, it's still relatively weak. So I think we're going to probably see some movements like that. But I think that from a trend standpoint, we're not experiencing anything that is concerning to us about the order patterns per month or the monthly results. I mean, we have been able to -- we forecast things, obviously, like everybody else. And generally speaking, our forecasts have been pretty good from a monthly perspective. So I don't know that there's anything necessarily unusual there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Quick question for you. You mentioned that you're still making progress in terms of the $150 million goal for profit improvement. And given what we've seen this year and the sort of general expectation for trends going forward, is there any thought of maybe updating that goal? And can you give us maybe any sense of what you would need to see change out there in order to get some kind of a change in -- or an update in that?
John G. Sznewajs: Susan, as we took a look at it and what we've come in with year to date, I think we're comfortable with the goal. As you might recall, we undertook a pretty significant activity in the back half of last year, which impacts, obviously, the first half of the year. So maybe that's some of the progress we've made year to date, the strength of it won't be as great in the back half of this year, and so that's way we're sticking with the $150 million at this point. But we'll update you again at the end of the third quarter.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that certainly doesn't suggest, Susan, that we're not always looking for incremental opportunities, whether it's process improvement or other efficiencies. I mean, we continue to drive for that, and certainly, we'll continue to push hard. But to John's point, we'll update you with that as we go along.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms of the M&A environment, can you give us a quick update there? Are you seeing anything changing or anything that's sort of come up of interest or...
John G. Sznewajs: Well, clearly, compared to the last 4 or 5 years, when there was virtually no M&A activity in our industry, the increase in the number of businesses that seem to be coming to market has increased nicely. And you would expect, being one of the leaders in the building materials industry, we do take a look at a lot of the folks that do come to market, and we are being very selective about how we think about M&A. Just to give you a sense, I mean, you should not anticipate that we would add a sixth or seventh product line at this point. Though we might consider a small tuck-in, like we did for our U.K. window business earlier this year. So those are the types of things that we're looking at, at this point, Susan.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: I just wanted to ask you about the Cabinet business. A few years ago, you combined your retail and your builder Cabinet businesses, and part of that was the pursuit of cost reductions, but also trying to develop a good, better, best product lineup that would allow you better penetrate the retail and the dealer channel and win market share. And you, obviously, accomplished a lot in terms of getting your fixed cost down and getting your break-even point down in that segment. But if you could just talk a little bit and update us on the extent to which you feel you've made progress in terms of developing a good or a strong good, better, best product lineup and your strength at opening price points and your ability to win share as a consequence?
Timothy Wadhams: Sure. Yes, I think your focus is right, David. We did put a lot of emphasis on the cost side and have made very good progress there. We also think we've made some improvements in terms of the 3 brands. You might remember that, in February, we launched a new product for the KraftMaid brand. As I think John indicated in the last call, we've got a major, in fact, the largest in the history of Merillat's existence, a new product launch coming up this fall. So we think we've made some good progress there. We are working to do a good job to clarify what all of those brands represent. And to the extent that we think about good, better, best in terms of our quality brand, our Merillat brand and our KraftMaid brand, we think we've got good distinction there and certainly feel like we're starting to see a little bit of a lift in terms of the marketplace and a good response to some of the things that we've done to position those brands. So I think we're in a good spot. Obviously, we think we've got some good upside in that segment, and we've got to continue to demonstrate that going forward.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Well, just a second question on working capital. You've made a lot of progress there. I think you got your working capital or percentage of revenues down about 150 basis points year-over-year. Is this about as good as it gets, given you've got new product rollouts, you've got new listings, you've got cyclical recovery in front of us? Does working capital consume cash going forward?
John G. Sznewajs: David, we have been pleasantly surprised at how the entire team across the enterprise has driven our working capital improvement over the course of time. And so every time I think we've hit a new low, we, next quarter, do another new low. So I feel pretty good about it. Incrementally, I don't think it's going to get significantly better. Do we still have opportunities there? I'd say we do. I think our receivables and payables are probably in about as good a shape as we're going to get them. I think there's still some opportunity to take a look at inventory across the spectrum. So I'm hopeful that there's some opportunity for further working capital improvement, and we're going to go after it without a doubt. But it's been a great team effort so far in getting where we're at.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think, David, we'll continue to push there, but John and the finance team, Dave Brown and our supply chain guys and our business unit folks have done a very, very good job over the course of the last couple of years. I mean, there's no question about it. But we'll keep pushing. We can always do a little bit better. And our folks are committed to make that happen. And with that, I want to thank everybody for participating today, and we'll turn it back to you, Regina.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for joining, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Duey - Vice President - Investor Relations Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Rob Hansen - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation's First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Maria Duey. Maria, you may begin your conference.
Maria Duey: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call today are Tim Wadhams, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion on our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. [Operator Instructions] If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to call me directly at (313) 792-5500. I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We have described these risks and uncertainties in our Risk Factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. We've provided reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP on our website at www.masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Wadhams. Tim?
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Maria, and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. And if you would please move to Slide #4. We're pleased with our first quarter results, and that gets pretty tough comparison given the first quarter of 2012. And we certainly feel like we're off to a good start in 2013. Our Q1 performance reflects the strength of Masco's brands, our leadership position within the building products markets and our leverage to a continuing housing recovery. Our sales growth was driven by our execution against an increase in North American new home construction activity, which particularly benefited our Cabinet, Installation and Window-related businesses. Our top line also benefited from the new products that we've introduced at retail that continue to outperform our expectations and reinforce our strength in the repair and remodel channel. We also reached a major milestone by achieving profitability in our North American Cabinet business and a breakeven level of profitability at the segment level for cabinets. And obviously, we're very pleased with that outcome. The improvement in Cabinets, together with our focus on cost containment and our operating leverage, helped us continue our margin expansion. Our segments with European market exposure, which include Cabinets, Other Specialty Products and plumbing, were impacted by the continued weakness in the Eurozone, which, coupled with unusually harsh weather in Europe, caused a drag on our stronger North American results. And if you would please move to Slide #5. As we communicated in the past, our strategy is focused on 4 key elements to drive performance. We expanded our market leadership by continuing our legacy of introducing new products and programs which matter to our customers and consumers. In North America, our faucet and toilet businesses benefited -- benefiting from recent product introductions, delivered high-teens growth. And our Decorative Architectural business, which includes our paint and builders' hardware, continue to win new opportunities. Installation services is responding to new home construction growth by strategically adding greenfield locations in markets where activity is strong and the recovery is well underway. We also had another good quarter from a cost reduction standpoint. We continue to benefit from restructuring actions, our focus on lean and our efforts in supply chain. And John will talk a little bit more about the outcome later on, but certainly pleased with our continued progress there. We're coming off a solid 2012 in terms of our Cabinet and Installation segments in their improvement and had a lot of momentum coming into the first quarter, and we're really pleased with our first quarter results as it relates to Cabinets and Installation. On a combined basis, in aggregate again, those 2 segments improved by $24 million in terms of operating profit compared to the first quarter of 2012, and that's despite the first quarter generally being a little bit slower from a seasonality standpoint. While there's still a lot of work to do, the potential of Installation and Cabinetry is promising when considering their operating leverage and exposure to recovering markets. Our commitment to strengthen our balance sheet is evident in our working capital improvement and our ability to successfully negotiate a new 5-year revolving credit facility. These execution highlights represent what we feel is a very good start to 2013, and we're certainly pleased with our performance coming out of the gate. And with that, if you move to Slide #6. I'd like to turn the presentation over to John Sznewajs, our CFO. John is going to walk us through our operating performance by segment.
John G. Sznewajs: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. If you could please turn to Slide 7. As Tim mentioned, we entered 2013 with good momentum coming off a strong fourth quarter, and we delivered a solid first quarter this year. Sales increased 4%, with North American sales up 6% for the quarter, and volume increases were strongest in our direct-to-builder channel. As Tim mentioned, we faced a difficult comp to the favorable weather conditions in the first quarter of last year and unfavorable weather in both the U.S. and Europe in the first quarter of this year. This impacted international sales, which decreased 2% in the quarter, though currency was not an impact in the quarter. I should mention that this material excludes the results of our Danish RTA business, which is now reflected in discontinued ops, and in prior year results, have also been restated. And we are pleased with our bottom line performance as our commitment to cost control helped to increase adjusted operating income 19% to $140 million, with adjusted operating margins of 7.5%, our highest first quarter margin since 2007. And our adjusted operating -- our adjusted EPS nearly doubled in the quarter to $0.13 from $0.07 1 year ago. If you turn to Slide 8, you can see our operating income bridge for the quarter. Net price and commodity improved approximately $11 million and reflects the year-over-year impact of our metals hedge, which was, coincidentally, $11 million negative in the quarter. The favorability was largely driven by our Cabinet segment. The $6 million increase in net volume and mix was principally driven by volume increases in the Installation and to a lesser degree, in our plumbing and Other Specialty segments. This was partially offset by mix, primarily in our businesses that saw solid growth in sales to new home construction channels and in our plumbing segment, where there's successful new programs and expansion into international markets. We captured $42 million of profit improvements gross in the quarter and believe we are on track to realize our full year profit improvement initiative gross of $150 million. Turning to Slide 9. You see that our plumbing segment's sales increased 3% in the quarter. The strong sales momentum we've been experiencing with our North American faucet and toilet businesses, which include our leading brands, Delta, Peerless and Brizo, continues in the first quarter. Our sales of these products grew mid-teens percent in the quarter, aided by last year's program wins in the retail channel and strong balanced performance in the trade channel, reflecting our continued investments in the showroom, commercial and multifamily segments of the channel. Offsetting this growth were weaker sales from our other plumbing companies, including bathing unit sales. As I mentioned in our Q3 call last year, we lost a retail shower surround and tub liner view [ph] and exited a product line. These negatively impacted sales by approximately $17 million in the quarter and will total approximately $40 million for 2013. A noted drag on the segment's top line was our European sales, which declined 2%. While our Hansgrohe unit was relatively flat for the quarter, our other European businesses were down approximately 10%. And year-over-year operating profit declined $19 million, driven by the commodity hedge of $11 million; higher marketing and program costs of about $8 million and a big piece of this relates to a biennial European trade show that we participated in; and then mix, with a negative $7 million in the quarter, which more than offset volume increases and favorable price/commodity relationships. If you turn to Slide 10, you can see revenue in our Decorative Architectural segment was flat in the quarter. We experienced growth in both our Pro and Mexico paint initiatives, which was offset by lower U.S. paint volumes, primarily due to a difficult comparison to Q1 last year, where sales increased 16%, driven by strong exterior paint sales. Operating margin expansion in this quarter was aided by relatively easy comparison to the first quarter of 2012 because, at that time, input costs for paint were at a high and we incurred expenses associated with the launch of Behr's reformulated products. Without these headwinds and with a favorable mix of paint products and improved performance at our builder's hardware unit in the quarter, this segment's operating profit increased $16 million. As we look into the remainder of 2013, Behr intends to drive gallon growth and maintain its legacy as an innovator in the paint category, with 2 new products being placed into Home Depot stores in April and May, including BEHR MARQUEE, the finest exterior paint Behr has ever made, with features such as Paint & Primer in One, world-class durability and the ultimate in dirt and fade resistance. Retails have been targeted at the premium price point; and BEHR DECK OVER, an exciting new deck reservicing product that will be set in all stores by mid-May. Turning to Slide 11. You can see that we are very pleased with our continued improvement in the bottom line performance of the segment as we broke even in the quarter, something we have not done since Q2 of 2010, when segment sales were more than $100 million higher. While the environment for Cabinetry remains challenging, we saw improvement -- improved performance in the segment, with sales increasing 4%. North American sales increased 5% in the quarter, reflecting strong direct-to-builder sales growth. We are profitable in our North American business and improved our operating results in the quarter by $14 million as a result of pricing realization, cost control and the benefits from prior year restructuring activities. The turnaround planned in North America is on track, and we believe we will realize the $20 million to $25 million of profit improvement resulting from actions taken in late 2012. Turning to Slide 12. You see that our Installation segment sales grew 12%, principally fueled by higher sales volumes in our residential new construction business, with our commercial, retrofit and distribution businesses relatively flat in the quarter. We expanded our market leadership despite the first quarter seasonally being the weakest quarter for this business. Residential new construction contracting sales increased more than 30% in the quarter, and we continue to focus on increasing our installation sales across all lines of business, resorting [ph] to all builders, but particularly the big builders, including Toll, D.R. Horton, Lennar, Pulte and KB. In addition to solid top line performance, management's strong execution delivered significantly improved bottom line results, with adjusted operating profit improving by $10 million and adjusted operating margins expanding by 370 basis points. This segment exhibited strong operating leverage in the quarter, delivering nearly 30% incremental margins despite the impact of rising material and labor costs. This business is focused on cost control, coupled with the benefits they're realizing from profit improvement actions to position them to grow profitably with the housing recovery. Turning to Slide 13. Our Other Specialty Products segment increased a strong 8% in the quarter, driven by our North American window sales increasing more than 20%. This growth was due to higher sales in both the new home construction and replacement window markets and new product introductions. We are particularly pleased that our replacement window sales increased about 10%, reflecting share gains driven by new products. Segment adjusted operating income improved by $7 million, and adjusted operating margins expanded by 550 basis points, resulting from lean and sourcing savings. And turning to Slide 14. We continue to add strong performance and working capital, as working capital as a percent of sales came in at 14.2%, a 50-basis-point improvement from the first quarter of last year. As Tim mentioned, we entered into a new $1.25 billion revolving credit facility, thanks to the banks that supported us on that transaction. And then, we ended the quarter with about $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet, as we are on a cash burn cycle the first portion of the year as we traditionally are. So with that, I will turn the call back over to Tim to go through the outlook for the balance of the year.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, John. And if you would please move forward to Slide #16. As we've indicated, feel very good about our start in 2013 and certainly feel like we've made strong progress against the priorities we identified at the beginning of the year. These priorities are in support of our strategic initiatives, and as it relates to our Installation and Cabinet business, obviously, certainly pleased with our first quarter results and continue to be confident we'll see continued improvement during the rest of the year. We continue to support our brands through strategic investments, including geographic expansion and new product launches, which are critical to our future growth. Debt reduction is planned for later this year. I think you're -- most of you are aware that we've got $200 million maturity in August. We'll take care of that with internal funds. And as we step back and think about our progress in the first quarter, we certainly want to thank our employees worldwide for their ongoing efforts to drive Masco's performance. And if you please move to Slide #17, a couple of comments before we go to Q&A. As we look at the remainder of the year, there is certainly some economic dynamics which we'll need to navigate. European economic uncertainty persists and affects our businesses to varying degrees given their exposure to certain markets. And while new home construction in North America has certainly improved and increased significantly, the composition of starts includes more multifamily homes, which will have an impact on our mix as we go forward. Commodities, which have, for the most part, been relatively benign for the last couple of 3 quarters, certainly have the potential for increased volatility, especially if demand picks up later this year. Having said that and despite these economic factors, we feel we're well positioned to accelerate our performance as additional opportunities develop. Our strong liquidity enables us to respond to greater demand in new home construction, including realizing share gains with top builders who are seeking stable suppliers with adequate capacity for growth. Our pipeline of new products at retail, coupled with potential share gains, also represents a key area of growth for us. Our recent success with Delta's programs demonstrates our continued emphasis on innovative solutions for our customers and consumers. And perhaps, more importantly, we can execute against any additional opportunities for growth with a high level of operating leverage, given our continued focus on cost containment. As we mentioned a couple of months ago, on our fourth quarter call, we came out of 2012 with a fair amount of momentum. We're certainly pleased with our first quarter performance and results, and it looks like our second quarter for 2013 is off to a good start, with April sales, on a preliminary basis, up mid-teens compared to April of 2012. And with that, Tiffany, we'll open up the lines for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Peter Lisnic with Robert W. Baird.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess on that last sentence there, Tim, with April up mid-teens, can you give us a feel for what you're seeing, particularly on the big ticket, how that translates into that mid-teens growth? I mean, it looks like the window business was up pretty strong. Cabinets had pretty decent growth in North America. Just wondering what you're seeing in terms of the bigger ticket discretionary trends, especially as you kind of roll into the second quarter here.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, as we go into the second quarter, Pete, the increase in sales was pretty widespread. Cabinets in North America is certainly an area that we saw some good upside in April, and our sense is that there is probably a little bit of a pickup there on the bigger ticket side. Obviously, as John mentioned, we had a good outcome as it relates to windows in the first quarter. So our sense is there's a little bit of momentum there, but I don't think we want to get ahead of ourselves.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then, if I could transition just to the price cost x that hedge in the first quarter. How should we expect that price cost relationship to trend through the remainder of '12 -- I'm sorry, '13?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Pete. Yes, the -- I'd say price/commodity -- because commodities have been relatively stable, as Tim pointed out a couple of minutes ago, and we've not had as much pricing action in the last year or so except for our Cabinet business. So I think price cost should be slightly positive and then only impacted by the hedge as it moves up or down depending on how copper and zinc move.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall with RBC.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It's nice to see all the momentum. I just wanted to see what your expectations are for the paint business in terms of normalized margins and what kind of momentum you're seeing. And also, do you think the $11 million loss that you had in plumbing comes back at some point?
Timothy Wadhams: I'll take the paint question, Bob. In terms of momentum, as we mentioned, John mentioned the first quarter was relatively flat, but we have put that in perspective. Weather last year was very, very positive in the first quarter, and our Decorative Arc was up 16%. This year, the first quarter was much more challenging from the standpoint of weather, and we were basically flat. We did see a nice improvement, again on a preliminary basis, as we go into April. Decorative Architectural segment had very strong lift, if you will, in terms of our expectations for April when we wrap that up. In terms of margins, in that segment, obviously, we had a very good outcome there. I would remind you that as we've indicated in the past, as we continue to pursue growth in this segment, whether it comes from the international side of business or -- which we're investing in or from the Pro side, there's an expectation that the absolute margin on that may be a little bit lower than we previously enjoyed. We've always said that we expect to have a good return on that. John did mention in his remarks that one of the major initiatives for us and Home Depot this year is to drive gallons. We think there's an opportunity with the lift in the economy to go after increased gallons and share, and we certainly feel like that's a joint objective between the 2 of us and one that we think we can execute against. And as we do that, we certainly will be thinking more about absolute profit dollars return on investment, if you will, as we go forward. So we think there's opportunity to grow absolute profit dollars in that segment, and that's certainly an area of focus for us.
John G. Sznewajs: And Bob, you also had a question about the $11 million and whether that will come back. And just to remind everyone on the call as to how that works, is we have to mark to market our hedges at the end of every quarter. So to the extent that copper prices or zinc prices rise from where they ended at the end of March, we should see that come back. Copper was -- has trailed off over the course of the last quarter or so, so there is some possibility that if the economy heats up again, that copper prices could rise and then we'd see a positive mark to market on that hedge at some point in the future. But I'm not predicting copper markets at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: On the Cabinet side, could you maybe walk through the year-over-year bridge on the profit improvement between volume cost cuts and then maybe include the retail pricing and promotional strategies that you talked about and maybe elaborate on that last point?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Dennis, on the kind of $14 million of improvement that we experienced, I'd say while we don't give out in specifics, I would say the majority of it came from pricing realization, and then the balance, we'd probably evenly split between cost cuts and promotional activity.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: So can you maybe elaborate on the pricing strategies and what you're seeing both on a competitive standpoint and how you guys are reacting in the market and maybe what your forward strategy is on promotions?
Timothy Wadhams: Sure. I think as we talked about on our fourth quarter call, we pulled back on our promotional strategy in the fourth quarter of last year. And we have been very consistent since that time in the way that we've approached our promotional activity, particularly in the retail channel, which is where I think the biggest amount of activity has taken place. So as a result of that, our promotional activities have been fairly consistent through the first quarter since probably the early November time period, Dennis. I would say that we have seen competitors react and be more disciplined in their approach to promotional activity as well, kind of following our lead that we initiated in early November. As a result of that, we did see our retail sales of Cabinetry start to tick up in the middle of the quarter, and it wasn't much of an impact in Q1. Most of that will -- because of the way we ship the products, will hit our financial results in the second quarter.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: And when you think about the difference between dealers and retail, would those comments hold true for both end channels?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, the promotional have activity would -- had been consistent across both of those channels. Dennis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about how price in Installation is benefiting you guys versus, let's say, the volume?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I would say in terms of Installation related to price, Ken, generally speaking, if you go back over the last couple of quarters, and this was essentially true in the first quarter as well, price/commodity relationships for us in that segment have been relatively stable. And so basically, we've been able to offset price either through working with our suppliers, productivity or certainly passing price along into the marketplace. So from our standpoint, there hasn't been a lot of impact there. I think we were slightly positive in terms of price/commodity in the first quarter, but generally speaking, that relationship has been a neutral for us.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess, as I think about it, I mean, wouldn't the pricing that some manufacturers are talking about be beneficial to you, given that you would just pass it through and perhaps help offset some of your fixed costs?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, it depends on whether you're getting margin on pricing. And as I was indicating, typically the price/commodity relationship, as we track it, has been neutral. That would suggest to you that we've been able to offset material cost improve -- increases with price, as opposed to necessarily see a significant benefit from it.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in windows, you really continue to outperform. You had a Western focus in that business. Is it really -- I mean, is it happening at the retail channel, as well as, I guess, some of your share gains amongst the builders? Because it sounded a bit really [indiscernible]...
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we did see, Ken, both improvement in the builders side of that business and also in the repair/remodel side through dealers. And I would remind folks that whereas that business was about 75% new home construction 6, 7, 8 years ago, it's about 75% repair/remodel at this point in time.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And is this kind of a onetime load-in that we're seeing? I mean, we saw it in the fourth quarter as well. It really is an outstanding result. If you could give more color there, I mean, if it's regional exposure out West or what.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, there's real no load-in, Ken, associated with that, and it is the regional exposure in the West.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Crdit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you can just talk a little bit in terms of the Cabinets. You're talking about the promotions coming down, especially on the retail side. As we see more of the R&R, for instance, sort of big ticket remodeling, then we should see further margin improvement in that business. And is that the way you're looking at it in terms of the outlook for that?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that would be the way that we would take a look at that, Dan. With the promotional activity coming down, that should be favorable to us on a gross-to-net basis and therefore, should increase our profitability.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And you're talking about sort of the trends in April being sort of widespread in especially Cabinets. Is that mostly just the new construction coming through? Or is some of that the remodelings? Looking at the installation, I would have thought that might -- I mean, is that -- where are you seeing that? In terms of just mostly the new construction versus the remodeling, where is that coming?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, the new construction, Dan, would be a little bit stronger, but fair increase in terms of retail as we look at the preliminary results for April.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Wanted to look a little more at the April trends that you talked about, the up mid-teens. Could you break out the favorable benefit from Easter for that, if possible? And then, also remind us what the May and June year-ago comparisons are versus April.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. No, we really couldn't, Sam, break out the impact in terms of the timing of Easter. Obviously, there are a lot of factors that get into things. Weather in the first quarter was obviously pretty tough. April has been a little bit better. But from that perspective, certainly feel like we're in a pretty good spot given that start to the quarter. And if you think about monthly sales in the second quarter, I think that was your question from last year.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes. April versus May and June, yes, please.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, April last year would have been up low-single digits, May was up low-single digits, June was down low-single digits, and that's all in. And if you look at the elimination of foreign currency, I think we would have been right around 3% in terms of excluding foreign currency, and that was pretty constant for all 3 months.
John G. Sznewajs: And Sam, I might add to Tim's commentary that, you may recall, given the strength of the first quarter last year, that we thought there was some pull-forward out of the second quarter into the first quarter. So it's, I think, a relatively easy comparison compared to the second quarter of last year.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got you. And then just a housekeeping question, if I could. You had 40 -- if my math is right, $42 million in D&A in the quarter, and you're guiding to $200 million. How should we look at the progression of D&A as the year progresses?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, I think it will escalate a little bit, Sam, to get to that $200 million level. I think the actual number, if you factor in that we had to report it this way for reporting purposes, is a little bit higher than the $42 million because we had to layer into our general corp, as well as our discontinued ops. So I think that $42 million goes closer to $48 million for the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Rudiger with Wells Fargo Securities.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I think, John, I think it was about a year ago, on your slides, you guys gave sensitivity in the Installation business and in the Cabinets business, kind of a lagged starts number. I was wondering if you had any kind of framework like that you could provide us now.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, and we do, certainly. We think, right now, for the Installation segment, that we're between $40 million and $45 million in revenue for every 50,000 housing starts, and that's come down just a little bit from what we saw this time last year. In the large part because of the mix of housing starts, more multifamily and more big building mix than single, custom home mix at this time. And then, on the kind of the Cabinet business, I think we've given the number of about $25 million for every 50,000 housing starts. And at this time, it looks like we're around that $20 million number for every 50,000 housing starts so that's kind of -- and for the same reason. We're a bit more multifamily mix and a little bit more big builder mix, which generally has smaller kitchens.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And then a quick question on plumbing. Margins were a bit choppy last year. What's the right kind of run rate, if there is one, to think about on an ongoing basis in 2013 for the plumbing?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Adam, what we've said is that as we think about plumbing, we think that low-teens type margin in that segment is certainly something that we feel is achievable. That would kind of put you in a 12%, 13% kind of area, if you will. And again, we've had a fair amount of investment in that segment for new programs and some launch-related costs, and there is a little bit of choppiness in the numbers. The hedge gets to that a little bit. But generally speaking, we'd be pretty comfortable with sort of that 12%, 13% kind of area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Hansen - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Rob Hansen on for Nishu. You've done a really good job restructuring the Cabinets business over the past couple of years. And I know you just gave that figure, 50,000 starts yields $20 million in revenue. For $25 million in revenue, you used to -- and 50,000 starts, you used to say $8 million to $10 million in profits. So I just want to see if the changes that you've made over the past couple of years have increased that profit percentage number.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Rob, I would continue to use a contribution margin of approximately 30%, which, obviously, $20 million would get you about $6 million. So I think staying with the contribution margin of around 30% is probably the appropriate place to be.
Rob Hansen - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on the Installation business, I just want to see if you could talk about the kind of split between multifamily and single family. Multifamily seems to be growing a lot faster than single family, so it seems like you guys would have a bit of a tailwind from that. But the numbers are obviously not -- doesn't seem like it's growing as fast. So I just wanted to see if you could -- if I could get your comments around that.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, yes, multifamily has been a higher share of starts for the -- probably, the last 1.5 years or so. And I think in the first quarter, if my memory's correct, I think came in about 40%, which -- maybe a little bit lighter than that, but about around 40%, which is quite a bit higher than traditionally. I think our plan for the year, we assume that we'd be about the same rate as last year, and I think that was about 30% in terms of the total mix for the full year. That obviously has some impact on us. It impacts us in a couple of ways. It reduces our take per unit when we're involved in multifamily, and we tend to have less share as it relates to multifamily. I mean, that's an area that we're focused on and certainly pursuing. But it also extends the lag in terms of the timing of when work is done versus the single-family home. So there are some impacts there that tend to be a negative from a mix perspective. And -- but at the same time, it's business that we're pursuing. There's no question about it.
John G. Sznewajs: And again, maybe to add a little bit of color to Tim's comment on the lag. Anecdotally, we are now insulating multifamily units. They were counted as starts in July and August of last year. So you can see how that lag really does impact this segment of the business, that it's an 8- or 9-month lag compared to our normal 90-day lag with a single-family start.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg with UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's actually Susan this morning. In terms of new products, you guys noted that you have been able to hold your pricing there. Can you just talk a little bit about if there's any change in the sort of advantage that you get in terms of new product pricing versus your traditional more established products and if you expect that to change as we go through the year? And then, as part of that, too, is there anything significant that we should think about that could come through in terms of new products through the year and the sort of benefit that, that could have, without giving any -- too much away there?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think you hit the nail on the head there, Susan. We really can't talk about anything that might launch later this year at this point in time, and we certainly will as things develop. John did talk about a couple of paint-related products in his prepared remarks, and I assume you probably caught that. In terms of pricing as it relates to new products, oftentimes, our new products have distinct innovation in them, and that puts us in a position when we're bringing new products with features that really resonate with both our customers and consumers, gives us a little bit of an opportunity from a pricing standpoint to place those. Obviously, we need to be competitive. But I think we've demonstrated over time that when we think about pricing, our ability to cover raw materials is really, I think, the thing that is most important in that equation. And as we've demonstrated over the last couple of years -- and again, we had a couple of years where we were down a little bit in price/commodity relationships. Last year, we were slightly positive. As John mentioned, in the first quarter, we're up slightly in the first quarter. Those tend to balance out over time. So we think we're in a pretty good place given the strength of our brands, the innovation that we bring to the marketplace to be able to price our products appropriately. And as we've indicated in the past, on incremental volume, generally speaking, as we think about our contribution margin and our leverage, that tends to run about 30%.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, have you seen anything changing in terms of the M&A environment as things stabilize a little bit and sort of get back to some kind of a normalized level?
John G. Sznewajs: We are starting to see the M&A environment pick up a little bit, particularly smaller companies. And given the multiples at which building products companies are trading and the prospect for good future earnings, I think a lot of folks have been on the sidelines for a number of years and are starting to consider selling their business, so I think the M&A environment is slowly starting to pick up in our industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question, I wanted to delve into comments you made, Tim, earlier about Decorative margins and growing the absolute dollars in volume but maybe margin being a little bit different. In the last few years, you've done margins in that business, obviously, it's kind of been, from a margin standpoint, the star of your business, plus or minus 20% for several years. Last year, you were at 18%, and this quarter, you actually also hit the 20% mark. So how are we to think about that going forward? Is it something that over time, over the next 2 years or so, with the strategy, you could expect mid-teens? Or is that too -- is that the right way to think about it?
Timothy Wadhams: No, I wouldn't want to predict where margins might go in that particular category, Mike. I think as you articulated, we've always had nice returns on sales in the segment. I think what we really want to convey to the investment community is that Masco, Behr, Home Depot are basically focused on trying to drive gallons, trying to drive share, trying to drive increases in absolute operating profit dollars, and we think we can do that with a good return on assets. So our sense is that to the extent that we can grow that bottom line and get a good return, that the margins will take care of themselves. We would expect to always have good margins in the segment. We would expect to always have good returns. But the real challenge for us is really try to grow this category, and we're excited about the opportunities. When we think about the Pro opportunity that's out there, when we think about what we've been able to do with the Behr brand in terms of the formulations, the Kilz brand, we think there's an awful lot of upside for us as we look out into the future.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I mean, certainly, there is different levers to pull to get a similar good return. But I mean, is that essentially what you're saying, a little more volume, a little less margin and getting a similar or if not, better return?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that would be the dynamic that we would certainly like to try to accomplish.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Second question on the North American Cabinets growth of 5%. If you kind of do rough numbers and say 25% of that's new construction and that's growing new construction and so even single-family starts growing at 25%, 30%, that would imply a contribution growth of 7%, 8%. What's offsetting that, obviously, Europe is still tough, but the Danish piece is out of the business. Did you -- were you flat or down in the repair/remodel or dealer channel? If you could kind of walk through the different components of that north -- of the other parts of the growth picture.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, it's John. I'll take that one. We were pretty flat in our dealer channel, down a little bit in our retail channel. And that has to do with the fact that, as I mentioned earlier, we've been very disciplined in our promotional activity. Some of our competitors had more aggressive promotions in the back half of the fourth quarter, first part of the first quarter, and that did temporarily take some share away from us. Since those promotions have subsided, I think share has gone back to a more normalized level.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And how do you think about promotions going forward? I mean, you talked about last quarter being -- pricing strategy as being a part of getting back into the dealer channel, but at the same time, you're being more disciplined. So I'm just kind of not sure how to think about it going forward.
John G. Sznewajs: I think you should see the type of activity that we've got now in the marketplace continuing through the near term at least. We've moved away from giving away free products and free finishes and free upgrades and things like that to more of a either percentage or dollar off basis for our Cabinets. And that seems to have resonated well with the consumer. So I think we will continue with that program for the near term, Mike.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Just maybe a couple of higher-level questions. Let's start with Milgard. What's the long-term plan here for this? It's your smallest business. Prior to the downturn, you were beginning to open sales offices, moving east, but it's always been talked about as kind of a West Coast brand. You're banging up against 4 or 5 big national brands. What's the long-term plan for growing this business profitably?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we're excited about the long-term plan, David, in relation to Milgard. I would point out that Milgard is the share leader in the West Coast market, the region where they participate, and that's basically west of the Rockies, and has taken share over the course of the last 4, 5 years. And so it's a very highly regarded brand. It's a product that is -- resonates very well in the marketplace. And from our perspective, as we've indicated on previous calls, we've expanded into Texas. We've expanded geographically into western Canada. Western Canada right now is quite slow from an economic standpoint. And I would mention to you, it's -- Milgard is far from our smallest company or business unit, if you will. So we think we've got a very bright future there. We think we've got a very good position in the marketplace. We tend to be an innovation leader. Good dealer relationships and certainly look at that as a key part of our growth strategy going forward. We think there's a lot of upside opportunity with Milgard.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So it's really about geographic expansion at this point?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, it's the execution in the markets that we're in, which are coming back relatively strong. And as you saw some of our numbers, John articulated the increase in terms of the first quarter, so it's really execution and continuing to focus on opportunities in Texas and western Canada at this point.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. The second question is, I guess, more with respect to the balance sheet. Your book equity is less than $2 a share. Your gross debt is just over $10 a share. Would you issue equity at some point to bring this back to a more conventional capital structure?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, David, a couple things there, I guess. Prior to issuing equities in the near term, I mean, we were very committed to taking down our debt. As Tim referenced, we have a $200 million maturity in August of this year. The other thing, just to remind you of is we do have a deferred tax -- a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset, and that is kind of, call it, approximately $600 million. At some point, that will flip back on to the balance sheet and add to book equities. So when that does, that line gets another $2 or so per share in book equity. So I feel pretty confident about where we are with our equity. And then, as we come out of the recovery here, we think earnings should pile on and add to that equity base. So I feel pretty confident about the direction we're headed with our balance sheet.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Can you just talk about the timing, the expected timing around that deferred tax asset?
John G. Sznewajs: It's a tough one, David. I wish it was more formulated than it is. My guess is the earliest that we can start to look at it is late '14, early '15 would probably be the time frame, would be the very earliest.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with BofA Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to come back to Cabinets for a bit. You're mentioning earlier that your share, if I heard you correctly, John, was relatively flat. Can you comment at all in terms of your sales and marketing resources? Are they where you want them to be in terms of pushing more share within the dealer channel and then more broadly, within all 3 of your channels? And then I had a follow-up on paints.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, I would say sales and marketing efforts across all 3 channels, whether it's the builder channel, the home center channel or the dealer channel, are where we want them to be. We did cut them back last year. I think we've added a little bit of resource to that area since that time. It feels like we are in good shape to serve all 3 channels still, as evidenced by the fact that we did launch some new products at KraftMaid here in the first quarter, in early February. A lot of those -- it's very early on those new products. Initial reaction has been positive. And we're looking to add and introduce some new products as well to the Merillat line later in the year. So feel really good about where we're at from a sales and marketing standpoint.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then in Decorative Arc, just briefly. I think I saw in the slide deck and in the commentary, you had some reduction program costs in the quarter, which was in line with expectations. Is there a way to put a finer point on what you might be able to see in terms of reduced program cost this year versus last year, if, in fact, that's your expectation within this segment?
John G. Sznewajs: Thanks, George. In terms of program costs, really what those related to were some programs that we initiated last year, kind of onetime costs, to get product in the store or on the store shelves. We are down in the first quarter. It's really tough to predict, quite honestly. We're hopeful to incur more of those in the future because that means we're winning more business, but it's tough from quarter-to-quarter to predict when and how those will play out. So we'll keep you updated as we make progress towards those, both -- in every quarter, but right now, no forecast for the balance of 2013.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Also on the program costs, can you speak to the $8 million that you incurred in plumbing, what that was in the same period a year ago and if you are currently expecting to incur any additional program costs in plumbing throughout this year?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, so the $8 million was an increase versus what we incurred last year, Mike, so that's the year-over-year increase. Again, as I mentioned, part of that $8 million related to a European trade show that take place every other year, part of that had to do with some other display and marketing costs associated with either our Delta or Hansgrohe or some of our other units within that segment. So again, as we look forward, tough to predict how those are going to play out, so we'll keep you updated on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Okay. And also it looks like you did raise your general corporate expense outlook for this year to $130 million from $116 million. Can you just speak to that and confirm if that's accurate?
John G. Sznewajs: Right now -- we always start off the year with kind of budgeted actual things, like variable compensation, things like insurance accruals and other accruals at the corporate office. And as the year progresses, we try to give you an update on a quarterly basis because those things tend to move. So last year, we had a very favorable insurance experience, both on the medical side, as well as on the general liability side. So right now, we're -- we've got a budget in there of $130 million. To the extent that it comes up or goes off to -- or comes down off that, we'll keep you notified on a quarterly basis.
Timothy Wadhams: Tiffany, thank you, and we'd like to thank all the participants for being with us today. That concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-12 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Duey - Vice President - Investor Relations Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Conference Call. My name is Brent, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Maria Duey. Maria, you may begin.
Maria Duey: Thank you, Brent, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call today are Tim Wadhams, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to remind you that statements in today's presentation will include our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors and other disclosures in our Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. We've provided a reconciliation of these adjusted measurements to GAAP on our website at www.masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Wadhams. Tim?
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Maria, and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. And if you would please move to Slide #4. We're pleased with our fourth quarter results, which wrapped up a relatively solid 2012 for Masco. Our fourth quarter sales were up 9%, 12% in North America, and we go into 2013 with a fair amount of momentum. To that point, our January sales were up low double digits on a consolidated basis. While general economic conditions in both North America and Europe were challenging and bigger ticket remodel activity continued to be slow, our top line benefited from new home construction activity, with housing starts up approximately 28%, and our top line also benefited from new product introductions in several of our product categories. As it relates to our bottom line, we benefited from operating leverage, good execution on pricing and profit improvements to expand our margins. In addition to improving the math related to our financial results, we also accomplished each of the priorities we identified at the beginning of 2012, which are included on Slide #5. In essence, we delivered on what we said we were going to do at the beginning of the year. We'll touch on each of these items as we work our way through the presentation. They represent areas of emphasis in support of our strategic initiatives, which are included on Slide #6. We communicated these strategic initiatives to the investment community at the beginning of the year, and they include expanding our market leadership positions. In that regard, we felt like we made a lot of progress in 2012. We had a lot of new product and program introductions in Plumbing, paint and decorative hardware. In the fourth quarter, our sales to key retail customers were up low double digits. For the full year, our sales to key retail customers were up mid-single digits. We also did a nice job in the Installation segment with adjacencies and retrofit and commercial, a couple of areas we entered a couple of years ago during the downturn. Our window businesses in both North America and the United Kingdom continue to take share. Our vitality index for 2012 exceeded 30%, and that's the percentage of our products that were introduced in the last 3 years, manufactured products to our total sales. So a very healthy outcome there. In addition to expanding our market leadership positions, another strategy that we focused on is our cost structure. We had a good outcome there. John will talk about that a little later on. We did exceed the targets we set early this year. We continue to benefit from restructuring activities, actions that we've taken over the course of the last couple of years and our continued emphasis on supply chain and lean initiatives. We also had made progress with our balance sheet. We had a net debt reduction. We ended the year with solid liquidity and good borrowing capacity. Our fourth strategic initiative is improving the performance of our Installation- and Cabinet-related segments, and we had a pretty good outcome there in terms of full year performance. On a combined basis in aggregate, those businesses improved $85 million in terms of year-over-year comparison, and that's $85 million of loss reductions. We did get some help from the marketplace. Obviously, both of these segments are impacted by new home construction, but we also had good execution. Our Installation business was profitable in the fourth quarter. Now you might remember we just missed breakeven in the third quarter. We were profitable in the fourth quarter. As it relates to cabs, and if you would please flip to Slide #7, we still got some work to do as it relates to our Cabinet-related segment. Our focus, first and foremost, is to get back to profitability. As it relates to the Cabinet segment in total, we announced the planned disposition of our Danish subsidiary in our press release. As it relates to our North American business, on Slide 7, we're very pleased with the new team. We've made some good progress over the course of the second half of the year as we've discussed previously. That team has been in place now for about 6 months, 7 months. We gave them a clean sheet of paper in terms of assessing the situation. They've taken a very systematic approach starting with our customers by channel, really listening to the voice of the customer, and we've gotten a lot of very constructive feedback. To that point, we have set up dealer consuls to ensure that we can get the continued dialogue and input from our customers, and we used a lot of that information to really energize our sales force in a all-hands meeting earlier this year. We came out of that sales meeting with a lot of enthusiasm and a lot of energy. Input from our customers and channel partners will help form our channel strategies as we move forward. Those strategies may include pricing actions, promotions and product introductions. All of which will be focused on leading us to profitable growth. We also continue to look at our cost structure, and we've already taken several recent actions that will drive improved performance. That includes a couple of plant closures, as well as a headcount reduction. If you please flip to Slide #8, we'll turn the presentation over to John Sznewajs, our CFO. John's going to walk us through our operating performance by segment.
John G. Sznewajs: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. If you just please flip to Slide 9. As Tim mentioned, we exited 2012 with a lot of momentum. Sales in the fourth quarter increased 9%, as we experienced strong double-digit sales growth in our Installation, Plumbing and Decorative Architectural segments and our North American Cabinet business. Now one item to note, the information included in the slides includes the results from our Danish RTA business. We expect to restate our financials to exclude this business at the end of the first quarter. The overall sales in North America were up 12%. Revenue increased in all channels of distribution with the strongest gains driven by our businesses selling into the new home construction market, which were up more than 25%. As Tim mentioned, sales to key retailers were up low double digits in the quarter, and we realized selling price increases. International sales increased 2% in local currency in the quarter. That's a great outcome considering a challenging European market. Excluding our Danish RTA business, international sales increased 8% in local currency in the quarter. Adjusted gross margins expanded nicely by approximately 310 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of last year to 25% due to improvement in every segment. We are also pleased with our bottom line performance, as adjusted operating income increased nearly 250% in the quarter to $94 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 5%, the strongest fourth quarter we have reported in several years. Our adjusted EPS was $0.04, an improvement of $0.13 versus a loss of $0.09 in the fourth quarter of last year. If you turn to Slide 10, we can see the components of our operating income improvement in the fourth quarter. Net price/commodity improved approximately $37 million in the quarter, largely driven by our Cabinet, Plumbing and Decorative Architectural segments. This $37 million reflects the year-over-year impact of our metals hedge, which was approximately $5 million negative in the quarter. The $32 million increase in net volume/mix was principally driven by the strong volume increases we experienced across all of our segments. This was, partially offset by an expected negative mix impact of approximately $10 million in our Plumbing segment. As we have mentioned in the past, this is largely related to Hansgrohe in their successful penetration into new international markets. We recaptured $52 million of profit improvements gross in the quarter, exceeding our expectations, and these were realized in all our businesses. These improvements were offset by higher employee-related expenses, including equity-based compensation given the increase in our share price and the incremental program costs related to new product introductions as we continued to invest to grow our company. We are pleased with our full year profit improvement initiatives gross totaling $195 million, exceeding our prior year -- our prior estimate for the full year by $20 million. If you turn to Slide 11, you see that our Plumbing segment sales increased 10% in the quarter. North American Plumbing sales were up 12%. The strong momentum that we've been experiencing in North America continued in Q4, as several of our most important brands, including Delta, Peerless and Brizo saw sales in the quarter increase nearly 20%, aided by faucet and toilet program load-ins in the retail channel, as they continue to gain share to new product introductions. As we mentioned last quarter, the recent launch of our Delta-branded toilet program is exceeding all preliminary estimates, as these terrific new products gain traction in the market. European sales in the segment increased 6% but more impressively, increased 9% in local currency for the quarter despite a very difficult economic environment. I should point out that our Hansgrohe unit enjoyed record sales in 2012. Operating profit increased 29% driven by increased volume and a favorable price/commodity relationship and was negatively impacted by the mix of $10 million, the commodity hedge of $5 million and foreign currency of $2 million in the quarter. Turning to Slide 12, you can see that revenue in our Decorative Architectural segment grew $38 million or 11% in the quarter driven by strong sales of Behr's Premium Plus Ultra products, our Paint & Primer in One products, significantly improved sales performance at Liberty Hardware, sales gains at Home Depot with Behr's Pro Paint business and Behr's product placement in Home Depot's Mexico stores, along with selling price increases. The new formulations Behr introduced earlier this year are performing well, exceeding all expectations. Operating margin expansion in the quarter is aided by a relatively easy comparison to the fourth quarter of 2011. You may recall last year's fourth quarter was negatively impacted by, at that time, record-high input costs for paint, Behr's additional advertising spend to drive foot traffic at Home Depot and program costs at Liberty Hardware as they won several programs with major retailers. Without these headwinds, Q4 operating margins reflect the benefits of significantly improved operating performance at Liberty Hardware where they went from a loss in the fourth quarter of last year to a profit in 2012. Behr's new program win in Mexico, in the present, a stabilizing commodity basket for paint, with TiO2 prices coming down and propylene prices up by about 30% in the quarter. Looking at this segment's full year adjusted operating profit of $46 million, our Liberty Hardware unit represents approximately 40% of that $46 million improvement as they returned to profitability in 2012. Turning to Slide 13, we can see that the environment for Cabinetry remains challenging. This said, we saw improved performance with segment sales increasing 1%. Our European sales decreased 21% in local currencies and 23% in U.S. dollars. Excluding our Danish RTA business, segment sales were up 11%. North American Cabinet sales increased an impressive 13% in the quarter, reflecting strong direct-to-builder sales growth in the high-20% range, home center sales growth of the low -- in low-teens percentages and low-single-digit sales growth in the dealer channel. This was supplemented with solid countertop sales. Recently, we have seen a decline in promotional activity in both the big-box and dealer channels. We're experiencing favorable results from these actions, which we attribute to increased demand and discipline within the industry. We improved our operating loss in the quarter by $12 million and in the full year 2012 by $32 million, in line with our full year profit improvement estimate for the segment. We realized $14 million of profit improvement gross in the quarter driven by principally in North America through our current year initiatives, as well as benefits realized from prior year restructuring activities. These benefits were partially offset by other inflation and the loss of leverage as a result of declining volumes in our European businesses. And as Tim mentioned, we are very pleased with the new North American Cabinet management team. The strength of their turnaround plan is apparent in the segment's fourth quarter results, and we expect continued progress in 2013. Since the management change in July, the new team has taken action to address capacity and improve profitability. These changes aggregate $25 million of annual profit improvement and coupled with the disposition of our Danish RTA business, should improve the segment's 2013 operating profit by approximately $55 million. Now turning to Slide 14, you can see our Installation segment. We are very pleased with the continued improvement in both the top and bottom line performance of this segment. As Tim mentioned, we turned a profit in this segment in the quarter, something we have not done since the fourth quarter of 2008 when segment sales were more than $40 million higher and annual housing starts exceeded 900,000 units. We expanded our market leadership position, as segment sales grew 13% and were fueled by higher sales volume in our residential new construction and commercial channels. We continue to focus on increasing our Installation sales across all lines of business, and we are well positioned to grow with the big builders, particularly D.R. Horton, Lennar, Pulte and KB. We also recently entered into a strategic alliance agreement with Toll Brothers. Residential new construction contracting sales increased nearly 30% in the quarter. In addition to solid top line performance, management's strong execution delivered significantly improved bottom line results, with adjusted operating profit improving by $12 million and operating margins expanding by 400 basis points. This segment exhibited strong operating leverage in the quarter delivering nearly 32% incremental margins resulting from increased fixed-cost leverage, cost control and the benefits from our prior profit improvement actions. Turning to Slide 15, you can see that our Other Specialty Products segment sales increased 6% in the quarter. Excluding the exit of select U.S. window markets, North American window sales increased high-teens percentages in the fourth quarter due to increased sales in both the new home construction and replacement window markets and new product introductions. We are particularly pleased that our replacement window sales increased mid-teens percentages, reflecting share gains driven by new products despite what we believe is a replacement window market in the Western U.S. that was essentially flat in the quarter. And sales of our U.K. windows increased low single digits in local currency the quarter aided by strength in both the new construction and retail channels. Segment adjusted operating profit improved by $7 million, and adjusted operating margins expanded 460 basis points, benefiting primarily from the rationalization activities undertaken in our U.S. window business in the third quarter and fourth quarter of last year and reduced promotional spend. Turning to Slide 16, you can see that we continue to work on strengthening our balance sheet. During the course of 2012, we ended with a net debt reduction of $400 million in the year, continued a strong working capital execution by delivering working capital as a percent of sales at approximately 12.1%, and you can see that we ended the year with approximately $1.4 billion of cash on the balance sheet. With that, I'll turn it over to -- turn the call back over to Tim Wadhams.
Timothy Wadhams: Thanks, John, and a couple of comments before we go to the question-and-answer session. If you would please flip to Slide #18. As I mentioned, we're pleased with our 2012 results in a variety of areas, and we certainly want to thank and recognize our employees worldwide for their continued dedication and contribution. Made a big, big difference last year. While we expect general economic conditions in North America to continue to improve modestly, we are concerned that declines in disposable income may slow consumer spending. Having said that, we expect big ticket remodel activity to remain relatively slow in North America. In addition, we expect general economic conditions in Europe to continue to be somewhat uncertain. However, we're very pleased with the fact that in both 2012 and 2011, our international businesses, in terms of top line, were up in local currencies. Having 3 businesses in the United Kingdom and Hansgrohe's global expansion has been a major plus for us in that regard. And I'd like to join John in recognizing Hansgrohe. They had the record year in 2012, a great accomplishment in a very tough environment, and we're certainly very proud of the Hansgrohe team. We expect to continue to benefit from increased activity in new home construction. Starts are projected to be up 20% to 25% in 2013. We also expect to continue to benefit from new product introductions that have recently been launched. We closed 2012 on a strong note, with fourth quarter sales up 9%, sales in North America up 12%. And as I mentioned at the start of the call, we're off to a good start in 2013. January sales are up low double digits. Our priorities for 2013, on Slide 19, support our strategic initiatives, and again, those strategic initiatives include expanding our market leadership positions, continuing to improve our cost structure, driving our Cabinet and Installation segments to profitability and enhancing our balance sheet and liquidity. Our priorities for 2013 are very similar to the areas we emphasized for 2012 and that's by design. We'll continue to focus on the things that we can control to proactively drive our performance, and we'll hold ourselves accountable to deliver on those priorities in 2013. And with that, we'll open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of George Staphos with Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I had 2 questions. First of all, would you be able to either qualitatively or perhaps more precisely discuss the level of program costs and growth initiative spending you expect in '13 relative to 2012 and how might that vary within the segments? And then I had a follow-on.
John G. Sznewajs: George, we expect that the program -- kind of the program costs to be about flat for the year. There will be some puts and takes depending on the segment in 2013. I think we'll be down a little bit in our paint segment. We launched some new products last year that had some program costs associated with it, and also Liberty Hardware had some program costs. We also incurred some program costs in Plumbing in 2013 as we launched a significant number of new products. So those were probably the areas we were at a high watermark last year, probably come off it a little bit in 2013 in those 2 segments.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. The related question, there was some progress on SG&A, the sales in the quarter on a year-on-year basis. I know you're pleased with the cost reduction progress you had during the year. Having said that, the ratio is still relatively high as compared to other companies that we look at. Can you give us some discrete goals or steps you expect to see in 2013 whereby you might be able to reduce that SGA-to-sales ratio?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, George, thanks. You're right. We did make some progress in the year and in the quarter on this. I think, generally, the way that we would look at this is as we increase our revenues over the course of 2013 and beyond, we would expect to get some operating leverage as a result of those increased sales. So at the -- couple of years ago before the downturn, we were kind of running at the 16%, 17% sales SG&A as a percent of sales. We definitely think we can get back in that direction, as our sales volume increase over the course of the next several years.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, George, I would add one element there. As we've mentioned a couple of times in the past, we have, in the Behr sales force, for example, 450 people who helped service The Home Depot stores from a paint perspective. We also have a retail sales service support group that works with Lowe's. Those are fixed costs for us that don't really vary very much based on top line volumes, so I think John's point about leverage as things continue to pick up is certainly accurate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question on new products, really been a focus for you guys, and I was hoping if you could give any granularity in terms of 2013 in terms of your views on incremental contribution either by segment or overall and perhaps able to give us a sense of what the new products contributed to sales in 2012.
John G. Sznewajs: In terms of new products as going forward, Mike, in 2013, we really didn't just launch the, an example, in the Plumbing segment, we launched the toilet program and the foundations program in late third quarter, early fourth quarter of last year. And so we expect to see the waterfall effect of that hit the financial statements in 2013. In addition to that, we won a number of other programs in some other segments as well. We've got some product launches taking place in our Cabinet area in the first quarter of this year and potentially, some later in the year in Cabinetry. Clearly, those will take a little bit more longer to digest. When we launch Cabinets, a new -- Cabinet products for instance, they don't necessarily have an immediate impact on the top line. It takes several quarters before those really begin to feel the effects of those. So I would say that to your point, we've been investing heavily in new products over the course of the last several years and throughout the downturn, and we expect that we would continue to do that. So I would think that our vitality index that Tim referenced on the call, just north of 30%, will be consistent in 2013.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Also, I had a question about some of the movement around either restructuring in the Danish Cabinets unit. You also highlighted the solid profit improvement in Liberty Hardware. So when you think about maybe some of the lagging units that you have in the portfolio, you've taken a couple of actions, one, fixing; one, disposing. But if there's -- if you look across the different segments that you operate, the 5 major segments, if you've identified any other areas where either you feel that maybe it's non-core or that there's a fix that you're putting your arms around where -- perhaps you can -- if you don't want to necessarily identify it by actual segment for competitive purposes or market purposes, give us a sense of the amount of dollars that represents. And over what time period perhaps some of those either lagging units or non-core units might be addressed.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Mike, this is -- thanks for the question, Mike. This is Tim. Yes, I would say that as we look at the portfolio today, the only business that we have that is in a -- what we would describe as an underperformance kind of situation, would be in the Cabinet segment. We've got 2 businesses there. Obviously North America, we've talked a little bit about our plans to improve that. We also have a business in the United Kingdom in Cabinets, which is Moores, a relatively small business, roughly USD 70 million, USD 80 million on the top line. They continue to be in loss position, but we have seen some signs of progress there in terms of market share gains, particularly as it relates to public building. So those would be the 2 areas that would be problematic at this point in time. The rest of our businesses, obviously, would range in terms of returns and profitability, but those would be the 2 that are getting the most attention from a turnaround standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Crdit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit more in terms of just the overall Cabinet strategy where you talked about promotions but also the expectation that big ticket remains slow. So as you've thought about the strategy overall, think that -- how would you describe the promotional activity, the strategy with that? Is it sort of more targeted, more focused? And as you think about that in terms of leading to more profitability in Cabinets, can you just talk a little bit more about how you're viewing that?
Timothy Wadhams: Thanks, Dan. Yes, in Cabinets, we have seen a bit more discipline as it relates to promotional activity, and I think there's a couple of drivers there. We -- and others have taken some actions. For example, what we've done is really moved to an allowance for the ultimate end consumer, which gives them a little bit more flexibility as to how they might apply that in terms of their experience and their process. And the other thing that I think has added a little bit of discipline to the process is that demand has seemed to be increased a little bit, so there's a little bit more traffic at this point in time. We have always contended that the promotional activity would probably abate a bit as demand started to pick up, and so I think there's a couple of factors at play there. In terms of our view of bigger ticket remodel, our sense is that, that's going to continue to be slow for a period of time. And I don't really see a catalyst for the bigger ticket remodel side at this point. We think there's a lot of pent-up demand there. A lot of the survey work that we've done suggest that people are willing and desirous to take on a bigger project. Credit is still somewhat challenging. Obviously, with some of the changes that took place earlier this year, disposable income is down. So our sense is it's probably going to take a little while longer for us to get major traction with some of the bigger ticket remodel activity. But as I say, we think there's pent-up demand there, and that should be a plus for the industry going forward.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I guess, in terms of the Installation, you've talked about the mix shift, how that hurt in terms of a little less activity in the multi-family side. On the single-family side, is that continuing to rebound here and sort of regaining share here? Do you think about doing more in terms of -- you've talked about -- do you think there's an opportunity now where you'll do slightly more but strategically focused to get a few more products in as you have historically, as we see more of the rebound in that -- in single family?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Dan, this is John. I'll take this one. As it relates to your question, while we do more products in single family, I think we're going to be fairly disciplined in our approach. We are now focusing on 5 core products that we install, Installation obviously being the lead with gutters, after paint, garage doors, fireplaces being the others. And so I don't think you should expect to anticipate us to expand that product offering in the near future. One of the things I should probably point out, you mentioned multi-family as part of your question. We are continuing to see an extended lag, particularly the multi-family side of things. It's -- in speaking with the folks in the field recently, it looks as though we are today insulating -- and this not anecdotal but actually more consistent than anecdotal. We are insulating today multi-family starts. They were counted as starts in the second quarter of last year, so you can see that now the effect of the lag on us and our business in that segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to understand -- could you talk about your incremental margin performance? It was 51% before general corporate expenses and 44%. Given the increased velocity in the housing market, are you expecting incrementals to sustain at current levels or expand as we move through the year?
John G. Sznewajs: Bob, we've always said that the incremental margins for the business generally run around 30%, a little bit more than that for our manufacturing businesses and a little bit less than that for our Installations business. And we have experienced for the first couple of quarters coming off the bottom incremental margins higher than that, and that's probably due to the fact that we've taken so much fixed cost out of the system. We still estimate that it's kind of in the neighborhood of about $580 million or so of fixed costs that we've taken out. And so we can see the operating leverage on the business. That said, as the economy matures and we get into more mid-cycle environment, I would expect that we migrate back to those 30% incremental margins.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. The other thing, Bob, that I think is probably important to note is that we have had some positive impact the last couple of quarters with price/commodity. And generally over time, as we've indicated, that would tend to kind of balance out. As you know, last couple of years, we've been negative in that regard. We're still behind as we look at the last couple of years, but that does contribute a little bit to that incremental margin in 2012.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And obviously, in your slide deck, you note the $37 million price/commodity is finally favorable for a change. How much of that went into the paint business? And I am little confused, if you could give some guidance in terms of how to think about the paint business in terms of margin performance. Is it going to be consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter where you got 670 basis point pickup? Or am I missing something there?
John G. Sznewajs: Bob, in terms of the breakdown of the net price/commodity in the quarter, it was split among 3 segments, really, Cabinetry, Plumbing. And really in Plumbing, that was largely driven by our European Plumbing business and then in our paint segment as well. So the way that breaks down -- I don't know if I have those numbers off my -- at my fingertips, but I'd say that Cabinets was probably the least amount, and then Plumbing would be the next amount, and paint would probably be the highest amount but only slightly higher than the Plumbing business. So that's the first answer to your question. I guess the second part of your question is what do we expect going forward. As I mentioned, as we walked through the segment slide, we had a relatively easy comp compared to the fourth quarter of last year. We had a lot of the headwinds. Commodity prices were extremely high. We did get some pricing in the first quarter of 2012. So that -- I'd say I would not anticipate the same kind of margin expansion that you saw in the fourth quarter to continue going forward. So we expect -- pricing's always something that we talk about on a regular basis with our customers. So margin, don't know where that's going to go in 2012 or 2013, I should say, at this point. We've got kind of conflicting signals as it relates to commodities in that segment with TiO2 coming down and propylene going up pretty significantly. So we'll see how that plays out as 2013 rolls out.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. I'd add, Bob, that as we've indicated in the past, we expect to always have very strong margins in the Decorative Architectural segment. We have indicated that as we continue to grow the Pro side of the business and as I think you're very much aware, we've been investing for international opportunities in paint as well. As we make progress in those areas, we would anticipate that margins would probably come down over time. But having said that, we'd expect to grow the absolute profit dollars in that segment at a very good return. So we think that's a reasonably good trade, but we would always expect to have relatively strong margins in that segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Given the very strong growth we're seeing in new construction, can you update us on your thoughts in Installation if we were to be at 1.5 million starts? And how much of that is the volume lift? And how much might be pricing specifically in Installation? And if you could update us on any comments you have there?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, yes, the way I would think about that, Bob, is that when we look at incremental starts, we estimate that 50,000 starts for us in that particular segment would equate to about 45 million of incremental volume. So that would give you a reasonable idea as to where we might end up in terms of the area of around 1.5 million starts. Having said that, I would say that we also have other growth opportunities in that segment when we think about retrofit and light commercial. So as we think about growth going forward, those additional adjacencies that we've been able to enter and successfully execute against should give us growth opportunities as well.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then obviously, just following up on that, the -- on Installation, given it's the majority of that business, could you comment on how pricing, if and when it occurs in that category, if that does fall kind of straight to the bottom line? And then, John, I think you mentioned the $55 million profit number for Cabinets. I was a little confused there if you were referring to actions that have already been taken in 2012, the benefits and/or the benefit you'll get in '13 when you guys give us the restated numbers for the year European divestiture. So what was the European divestiture drag on EBIT, please?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Ken, I'll take the second of that question, right? So as it relates our Cabinet segment, really 2 buckets here. One -- a couple of -- 2 components to that $55 million. One is the $30 million improvement that would be driven by the elimination of our Danish RTA business from our financial statements, so that implies a $30 million loss in that business in 2012.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: On the $250 million of sales?
John G. Sznewajs: On $250 million of sales, correct. And then the other part of your question related to profit improvements, and yes, those are prior year, 2012 initiatives that we started that we expected to generate $25 million profit improvement in 2013. So that aggregates that $55 million number.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, and Bob, to your other question related to pricing on Installation -- excuse me, Ken, I'm sorry. I said Bob again. I meant Ken. No, I apologize. Yes, Ken, in terms of your other question around pricing as it relates to Installation, generally speaking, as we've indicated in the past, when we do get a price increase, we've been able to either work with our suppliers, work on productivity or ultimately pass that along in the marketplace. And I think we've been pretty successful over time making that happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: With respect to the $37 million of net price/commodity benefit, have you talked at all -- if you did, I missed it -- on the price/commodity benefit you anticipate for '13?
John G. Sznewajs: No, we do expect a little bit of tailwind for price/commodity in 2013, David. That basically stems from the fact that in a couple different segments, we implemented price in the first quarter of last year. So we'll have the waterfall benefit of that. Beyond that, the balance of our commodities had been relatively stable over the course of the last several quarters, a little bit of headwind on some of the inputs into Cabinetry. But beyond that, pretty stable pricing or, I guess, commodity input costs across all 5 segments at this point in time.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And then I think Tim had mentioned earlier that, over time, there had still been some unrecovered inflation over prior years. What segments are you seeing most of that?
John G. Sznewajs: That would principally be in our Decorative Architectural segment, David. I would say, if you look at the -- over the last 3 or 4 -- 3 years principally, we'd still be about $15 million, $20 million behind in the price/commodity relationship on an aggregate basis.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, last question. Just on the Behr expansion into Mexico and the builders' hardware business at retail, what did that contribute to growth in that segment?
John G. Sznewajs: Boy, I don't know -- I don't have either of those off the top of my head. I mean, just to give you a sense, David, there's about 90 Home Depot stores in Mexico. We said about half of those in the fourth quarter, the balance of them will be set here in the first quarter and then as it relates to our Decorative Architectural, I just don't have those numbers off the top of my head.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think we were up, what, 9% in the quarter, and there was probably 1% or 2% that would have been driven by the 2 items John mentioned I would guess.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Rudiger with Wells Fargo Securities.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to just talk about the Cabinets a little bit more and kind of, I guess, consolidate a bunch of the questions that are already been asked. But if I think about the exit of the European business, that should impact revenues by about 20%. And with your thoughts on repair and remodel being -- your big ticket items being somewhat delayed and that's the bulk of your business in that segment and then layering some strong growth maybe in the new builder business would suggest that overall revenues in the segment still are going to be down next year. And with the $55 million improvement, it looks like it would still be reporting losses. I just wanted to see if you think that was -- that made sense without specific guidance thematically and how to think about 2013.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, revenues will certainly be down by the $250 million of the Cabinet business that we exit. I wouldn't necessarily suggest that we expect revenues to be down after you back that number out. Obviously, we had a very good fourth quarter in North America. I think as John mentioned, I think we're up 13% in North America in the fourth quarter, and that is with a relatively slow bigger ticket remodel activity. We just -- we don't see a lot of change in that as things go forward. So from that standpoint, that would be the way we'd see the top line. On the bottom line, as John mentioned, we are anticipating about $55 million of improvement from the actions that have been taken, and obviously, that leaves a little bit of work to do. But our sense is that we have a chance to show significant improvement in that segment from a bottom line standpoint and I think particularly in North America. I don't think that we get to profitability in 2013 in this segment, primarily because of our U.K. operation. That environment continues to be pretty tough. But I think we've got a chance to show significant improvement in profitability in 2013.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just going back to your opening remarks about all the discussions you've been having, what's been the biggest takeaway that you've gotten from your partners in terms of the dealer strategy that you think that we'll -- that you'll attack and kind of fix in order to improve your status there?
Timothy Wadhams: I think the biggest takeaway is that we have huge opportunity, that the communication that we've gotten back in terms of opportunity that exists in terms of our ability to improve in a variety of different areas, some dissatisfaction potentially with other suppliers, the fact that we've traditionally had 5 days delivery, for example, on the Merillat side. We've had 3- to 4-week delivery on the KraftMaid side. Those are industry-leading delivery statistics, and we certainly feel like we ought to be able to leverage those going forward. So I would say that I think the thing that was probably most important there is just a lot of opportunity to -- in areas where we may not have executed previously as well as we would have liked to win back business, as well as continue to gain some business in the dealer channel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just going back to Cabinets one more time, if we look at just North American Cabinets taking the business your selling and others out, can you give us any kind of feel on where profitability level is there?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we improved, Keith, by about $32 million in the segment for the year, and basically, all of that was virtually in North America. So -- and I believe, if I'm remembering correctly from last year, I think we -- that would probably put us at about $40 million of loss in North America. And as we've discussed, we've talked about the 2 plant closures that took place, the headcount reduction. John gave the estimate of about $25 million of savings related to those. And so I think as I indicated earlier, when you take those actions and then think about some other things that are possible down the road, whether it's on the cost side and/or the revenue side, as I said there earlier, I think we've got a pretty good shot to show some dramatic improvement in that segment and in North America in 2013.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And follow-up question, switching over to Plumbing. You've talked on numerous calls on how well Hansgrohe has done despite what's going on in Europe. Can you give the audience any kind of feel on the size and then margin or just something to -- some kind of details on how well they're doing?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, I mean, clearly, they're a significant piece of the segment. We don't, obviously, breakdown individual components of the segment, Keith. They've got a broad international footprint. They serve in more than 125 markets, and so I think that's a key component of their growth. While they're headquartered in Germany, they're not necessarily beholden to the economic conditions in Germany. They experienced solid growth in the Far East, in some of the emerging markets in South America, the Middle East even into Africa where they're selling their products. So they've really got a global perspective on the market. They've done a great job of penetrating particularly at the mid- to high-end price points all over the globe. So just fantastic operation over there.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Keith, in our appendix, we indicate that North America represents about 60% of the segment and the segment's about $3 billion. That obviously leaves 40% for Europe. We've got 2 other small, relatively small businesses, Bristan and Hppe, so you could probably assume that Hansgrohe is a pretty good piece of that and to John's point, it continues to just do a fabulous job in terms of execution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Wanted to actually follow up on Hansgrohe there and to just generally, internationally. If I look over the last 4 or 5 years, a significant number of the divestitures you folks have had -- have come in Europe and if I think about the expansion and dispositions of stand-alone businesses and if I think about the expansion you've had, Hansgrohe has obviously been a superstar in terms of international expansion. Behr, I know you've had some of the Delta efforts in the Far East. So how should we think about your international efforts and footprint in the coming years? Is that kind of organic growth and maybe even some continued retrenchment on some of the stand-alone units. Is that how you also would think about the next few years in terms of your international footprint?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think that as we think about the international footprint, it's certainly an area that we have put some emphasis on as we think about our Delta organization and our Behr organization in the United States. We've talked about that over the course of the last several quarters. I think that Hansgrohe obviously has done a fabulous job of expansion, and a big piece of that has been more international. You are correct that we have divested some businesses in Europe. And generally speaking, the view there, Nishu, has been that some of those have been relatively small businesses participating in local markets with limited growth opportunities. And so as we assess the portfolio, we continue to look at the composition of it and continue to look at it from a return standpoint. I can't tell you there's anything imminent at this point in time other than the Danish subsidiary that we talked about. The rest of the businesses in the portfolio, with the exception of our Cabinet business in the United Kingdom, made a relatively nice contribution last year in terms of outcome from a profitability standpoint. Obviously, in Europe, the top line is a bit challenged at this point in time, but we have seen some pretty good bottom line improvement as it relates to our window- and Plumbing-related businesses.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the second question I wanted to ask was now that the housing starts recovery is well established, how does your capacity set for 2013? Are there any facilities that you're looking at and thinking they might need to be mothballed with the 25% growth? I noticed your CapEx is rising in 2013 according to your guidance. It's pretty modest, so I wouldn't expect that includes any mothballing, but how are you thinking about that generally?
John G. Sznewajs: Generally, Nishu, I'd take a look at one item, the CapEx, your second question first. I'd take a look at it more as 2012 was a low watermark in terms of CapEx as opposed to it being kind of the norm. So the $165 million feels about right. You may recall that we generally spend about 2% of sales in capital every year, and so that $165 million kind of fits into that general range. And then also as it relates to -- you asked a question about capacity or expansion. At this point, we don't see any further mothballing. Could it be some minor pruning that we do here or there in the portfolio? Absolutely. But, because I think about our Installation business for instance, we had about 6, what we call, stocking points in 2012, probably look to add another 12 to 15 of those in 2013. And those are small not even full branches in markets that we're not currently serving. So as you may recall, we pulled back about half our branch locations during the course of the downturn. Now we don't have complete national coverage, and we're starting to add back these stocking units or stocking locations in areas where we see growth taking place. So I'd it see more on the expansion side than the contraction side in 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: First one, just on the -- whether you want to talk about this at the company-wide level or key retailer sales, can you maybe differentiate the revenue performance versus the point of sale -- I guess that would be more on the key retailer side, what you're seeing actually go up out the door?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, not aware, Dennis, of any disconnect there at all. In terms of inventory build, if you will, obviously, GDP was very soft in the fourth quarter. I think one of the contributing factors was declines in inventory as I recall from some of the economic information that we saw. But I wouldn't necessarily say that there's any big disconnect that I'm aware of. John, I...
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, I would add, Dennis, to Tim's comments that there was a favorable load-in in the fourth quarter because of the Plumbing wins that we had in both toilets and faucets. Above and beyond that, to Tim's point, if you think about our Cabinet business, that's all made to order. So there's really no surprises there. No -- to Tim's point, no inventory balancing that we've seen.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: So the load-ins would still -- if you took out the load-ins, you'd still be double digits at key retail?
John G. Sznewajs: If we took out the load-ins, we...
Timothy Wadhams: Well, Dennis, there is an offset to that. We did mention earlier this year that we lost some utility tub business, and we also lost another bath product. And actually, those numbers basically kind of offset each other, if you will. And they're all retail-related sales.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay. Second question would just be around the balance sheet. I think you mentioned $200 million of deleverage this year and still pretty elevated relative to historical leverage metrics. So how do you think about the leverage situation and the course of deleverage over the next handful of years?
John G. Sznewajs: Dennis, I think we have a pretty conservative effort in deleveraging over the course of the next several years. So we've got the $200 million maturity coming due this year, which we -- in August, which we'll intend to pay off. And then we're -- we've got -- yes, nothing in '13 and then $1.5 billion coming due in the - $500 million in '15 and $1 billion in '16. So as we look at those 2 maturities, those are where we got a lot of focus on right now. And I would think that as we tackle those 2 that we'd like to probably take those down, in aggregate refinance less than $1.5 billion, somewhere $300 million, $500 million of net debt reduction out of those 2 maturities probably. Don't know for certain just yet. Longer-term, Dennis, have you focus on the fact that we want to get back to investment-grade rating with both agencies, and we want to do that by getting our debt to cap in a better position and getting that to into about a more traditional 45%, 55% range that we've seen from us at pre-downturn.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, and I would guess, Dennis, that a big, big portion of that would come from additional growth and retained earnings going forward. John has mentioned some debt reduction, but our sense is that most of that improvement will come over time through growth and retained earnings.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, and I guess, Dennis, I'd should add to Tim's comment there, don't forget we've got evaluation allowance on our deferred tax assets. So when that flips, that's $600 million, $700 million of equity that pops back on the balance sheet.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: And the rating agencies treat that one for one coming back?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, they would. Yes, they treat that one for one.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay. Thank you. We appreciate your participation, and thank you, Brent.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Duey - Vice President - Investor Relations Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Masco Corporation Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. My name is Christie, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Maria Duey. Maria, you may begin.
Maria Duey: Thank you, Christie, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call today are Tim Wadhams, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, who is the Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion on our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. [Operator Instructions] If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to call me directly at (313) 792-5500. If you would refer to Slide 2, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation includes our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statement. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors in our Form 10-K that we've filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. We have provided a reconciliation of these measurements on our website at www.masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Wadhams. Tim?
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Maria. Hey, and thank you for joining us. And for those of you who are dealing with some of the implications from the storm on the East Coast, we certainly wish you well, your families well. And obviously, that's a difficult situation. If you would please flip to Slide #4. From a top line perspective, third quarter sales were flat with the third quarter of 2011. And although economic growth in North America continues to be slow, our sales in North America were up 4%. We benefited from new home construction activity, the introduction of new products as well as pricing actions. Also from a repair/remodel standpoint, we saw some modest improvement as our sales to key retail customers were up low-single digits. Big ticket remodel continues to be relatively slow. The 4% sales increase in North America was offset by challenging economic conditions in Europe. And for the first time in several quarters, in fact it's hard to remember, we were down in local currencies in terms of our international operations. We also had a negative impact from foreign currency translation. Even with flat sales, we did see some improvement in operating profit. On an adjusted basis, our operating profit was up 11%. We also saw some nice margin expansion. And we benefited in the quarter from improved price/commodity relationships, as well as profit improvements. John will talk to you about those items in some detail as we get into the presentation, including a nice lift in adjusted earnings per share. If you flip to Slide #5, please. Earlier this year, we communicated to you the strategic initiatives that we're focused on to drive performance. Those include expanding our market leadership positions, continuing to focus on supply chain and lean from a cost standpoint, improving our Cabinet and Installation segments and reducing -- and continuing to improve our balance sheet. As you flip to Slide #6, we'll take a look at how we are doing against some of those strategic initiatives. As it relates to expanding our market leadership position. Over the last few quarters, as you know, we've had some expenditures for growth initiatives. That includes international expansion and it include some program costs, and we've seen in the third quarter some positive implications related to those expenses. Delta has launched a new Delta-branded toilet at The Home Depot, which we're very excited about, along with The Home Depot. We also have a nice program win in terms of Behr paint. Behr will be placed in all of The Home Depot Mexico stores by the second quarter of 2013. And we've won, at big box, several programs for builders' hardware-related businesses. So we're really pleased about those opportunities going forward. In terms of our cost structure, John will talk about the progress we're making from a profit improvement standpoint. We feel pleased. We're ahead of targets that we set initially this year. Also in the third quarter, we announced some additional headcount reduction and plant closures. And if we look at our headcount quarter-to-quarter, third quarter to third quarter this year, we're down about 1,000 employees. And so we feel we're making -- continuing to make progress, continuing to take actions to address cost structure. As it relates to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $1.2 billion of cash. And we did have a debt repayment in the third quarter, but we talked about -- that was really July, but we talked about that at the end of the second quarter. If you flip to Slide #7, we'll take a look at our cabinet- and installation-related businesses. We made modest improvement as it relates to Cabinets in the third quarter in terms of loss reduction. We did have a fairly positive outcome in North America. Our sales were up modestly in North America. We had about $4 million or $5 million of profit improvement in North America. Unfortunately, most of that was offset by significant declines in terms of top line and a couple other issues as it relates to our international operations. Our new leadership team took a couple of actions in the third quarter that were announced. One is a headcount reduction that will take place over the next couple of weeks -- or has taken place, excuse me. And we also announced a plant closure in the Cabinet segment in North America. Those 2 actions will cost us approximately $20 million, with cash at about $5 million to $6 million. And we expect to save about $20 million on an annual basis going forward. In terms of our Installation business, we just missed breakeven in the third quarter. Obviously, we've made a lot of progress in that segment this year. We've reduced losses by about $40 million compared to last year and are certainly very pleased with that. We expect to make money in the fourth quarter of this year. And if we get to the Blue Chip consensus of 900,000 starts next year, some folks think we can do a little better than that, we certainly expect to be profitable in 2013. So we're really pleased with the progress that we're making in this -- in both these segments. And with that, if you flip to Slide #8, and I'm going to turn the presentation over to John, who's going to talk about our operating results and our segment performance.
John G. Sznewajs: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. If you could please flip to Slide 9, please. As Tim mentioned, revenue in the third quarter was flat compared to the third quarter of last year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation of about $46 million, sales were up 2%. And the real story behind our third quarter numbers is evidenced in most of our segments: There is significant difference in performance between our North American businesses, which are in the aggregate strengthening, and our international operations, which are a little bit more challenging. Overall, sales in North America were up 4% in the quarter as we saw increased revenues in our businesses selling into the new home construction market, including our Installation business which was up 9%. We also had increased sales in North American plumbing products and we realized selling price increases. As Tim mentioned, sales to key retailers were up low-single digits in the quarter. International sales were down 12% in U.S. dollars in the quarter, a decline of 3% in local currencies. The adjusted gross margins expanded nicely to -- by about -- by 110 basis points compared to the third quarter of last year to 26.5% due to improvement in our plumbing and decorative architectural businesses. We are also pleased with our bottom line performance as adjusted operating income increased 11% in the quarter to $142 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 7.2%, the strongest quarterly company-wide margin we have reported in several years. And our adjusted EPS was $0.13 per share, an improvement of $0.04 per share from the quarter a year ago. If you could please flip to Slide 10, you can see the components of our operating income improvement in the quarter. We see net price/commodity improved $31 million in the quarter, largely driven by our Plumbing and Decorative Architectural segment. This $31 million reflects favorable year-over-year impact of our commodity hedge which was approximately $12 million positive in the quarter, with the balance of the improvement roughly split between our Plumbing segment, particularly our European plumbing businesses, and our Decorative Architectural segment. The $16 million reduction in net volume/mix was principally driven by the negative mix impact of approximately $16 million in our Plumbing segment which, as we have mentioned in the past, largely relates to Hansgrohe as they continue to penetrate new international markets. This was partially offset by increased volume in our Installation segment. We captured $52 million of profit improvements gross in the quarter, in line with our expectations, and these were realized across all of our businesses. These improvements were offset by higher employee-related costs and expenses across all businesses, including benefits and compensation, specifically equity-based compensation given the increase in our share price, as well as incremental promotional and program costs related to new product introductions as we continued to invest to grow our company. We are pleased with our year-to-date profit improvement initiatives totaling $140 million and believe we are on track to achieve the $175 million for the full year, as we discussed in our second quarter earnings call. If you could please flip to Slide 11. You can see that, in our Plumbing segment, sales declined 4% in the quarter principally due to foreign currency translation. Excluding the impact of $37 million of foreign currency translation, sales increased 1% in the quarter. European sales in the segment were down 11% but flat in local currency for the quarter despite a challenging economic environment. North American plumbing sales were up 1%. One thing I should probably mention is that we are up against a very tough comp and sales, as reported in the Plumbing segment in the third quarter of '11, increased 12% due to both strong North American and international sales last year. This said, we continue to experience very solid North American growth. And several of our most important faucet brands -- Delta, Peerless and Brizo -- saw sales in the quarter increase high-single digits in both the retail and wholesale channels as they continue to gain share due to new product introductions. Tim mentioned we are very excited about the launch of a Delta-branded toilet program in the quarter. While this program is in its early stages, we are very pleased with the initial response to these terrific new products. This said, we lost some business in both our shower-surround and tub and along with our plumbing connections units, which aggregated approximately $15 million in the quarter. We would expect to incur an additional approximately $50 million in lost sales in each of the next 4 quarters. From an operating profit perspective, the favorable price/commodity relationship in the segment offset the negative impact of mix. Margins in the segment were challenged by 2 items in the quarter as we experienced incremental costs for the new programs of $5 million, including the toilet program I just mentioned, and the negative impact of foreign currency of $5 million. Removing the impact of these 2 items would improve adjusted operating margins to approximately 12.4%. Now turning to Slide 12. You can see revenue in our Decorative Architectural segment grew $26 million or 6% in the quarter, driven by strong sales of Behr's Premium Plus Ultra products, our Paint & Primer in One products, along with selling price increases. The new formulations Behr introduced earlier this year are performing well, exceeding expectations. As a result, we believe we have likely gained some share in retail in the quarter. Operating margin improvement was due to the benefit of improved results from our builders' hardware business, which had a tough 2011 and has seen good results here in 2012, and a favorable price/commodity relationship in the quarter partially offset by incremental investment. The price/commodity relationship in the segment was approximately $10 million favorable for the third quarter. On a year-to-date basis, we have realized a favorable $5 million of price/commodity relationship in this segment. Even with the recent pullback in the price of certain commodities, prices of these commodities remain in very elevated levels, though slightly off their Q2 peak and are, at today's levels, still higher than they were in the third quarter 2011. Despite the favorable price/commodity relationship in Q3, given the steep run-up in TiO2 and other input costs over the past several years, we have not recovered the inflation we have experienced in 2010 and 2011. If you turn to slide 13. You can see the environment for cabinetry remains challenging as our segment sales declined 5% in the quarter. Excluding the $8 million negative impact of foreign currency translation, Cabinet sales were down 2% in the quarter. Our European sales decreased 12% in local currencies and 21% in U.S. dollars. Cabinet sales in North America, however, were up 2% in the quarter. We experienced solid sales growth with our countertop initiatives. Our home center sales of cabinets increased 4% and our direct-to-builder sales were up low-double digits percent. This growth was partly offset by declines in the dealer channel. We continue to experience a sluggish demand for big ticket repair/remodel products, especially cabinets. The promotional environment in retail continued in the third quarter at the same levels we have experienced year-to-date, and we anticipate that our full year and second half 2012 promotional spend will be at levels very consistent with what we experienced last year. We improved our operating loss in the quarter by $1 million, and $20 million year-to-date. We realized $11 million of profit improvements gross in the quarter driven principally by our North American unit through our current year initiatives as well as the benefits we have realized from prior year restructuring activities. These benefits were offset by other inflation and negative price/commodity and the loss of leverage as a result of declining volumes in our European businesses. As Tim mentioned earlier, the new team at our North American Cabinet business continues its turnaround effort, resulting in the announced plant closure and headcount reductions, which should generate $20 million of improved operating results in 2013. If you turn to Slide 14, you see our Installation segment. And we are very pleased with the continued improvement in both the top and bottom line performance of this segment. We essentially broke even in the segment in the quarter, something we have not done since 2008, when housing starts exceeded 900,000 units. Segment sales grew 9% and were fueled by higher sales volumes across all lines of business: residential new construction, retrofit and commercial. Sales were negatively impacted from the previously announced closure of branch locations and the mix shift to multi-family starts, which on a combined basis reduced sales in the quarter by approximately 3%. Well, we continue to focus on increasing our Installation sales across all lines of business and we are well positioned to grow with the big builders, particularly D.R. Horton, Pulte, Lennar and KB. Installation contracting sales increased nearly 20% in the quarter. In addition to solid top line performance, management's strong execution delivered significantly improved bottom line results, adjusted operating profit improving by $12 million and adjusted operating margins expanding by more than 400 basis points. This segment exhibited very strong operating leverage in the quarter, delivering nearly 50% incremental margins resulting from increased fixed cost leverage as well as the benefits from our prior profit improvement activities, which are driving improved operational efficiencies. If you turn to Slide 15, you can see that our Other Specialty Products segment sales declined by 3% in the quarter. Excluding the exit of certain U.S. window markets late last year, segment sales would have been up 1%. Our North American window sales increased 9% in the third quarter due to increased sales in both the new home construction and replacement window markets, as well as new product introductions. We are particularly pleased that our new -- that our replacement window sales increased, reflecting share gains driven by new products despite what we believe is a replacement window market in the Western U.S. that declined mid-single digits in the quarter. We did experience some top line declines in our fastening tool business in the quarter, which we attribute to the soft replacement roofing market and some new inventory balancing in retail. We believe we have experienced no loss of share, though, in this business. And the segment adjusted operating margins improved by $2 million or 160 basis points, benefiting primarily from rationalization activities in our U.S. window business in the third and fourth quarters of 2011. With that, I'll turn the call back to Tim.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, John. And if you would please flip to Slide #17. These are the priorities that are consistent with the strategic initiatives that we're pursuing, and we've talked about almost all of these as we worked our way through the presentation. Obviously, we continue to feel as though we're moving forward in each of these areas. And if you would flip to Slide #18, please, a couple of comments before we go to Q&A. We feel we continue to make good progress in the third quarter of 2012. If we step back a little bit and take a look at year-to-date, our sales are up 2% overall. And if we excluded the impact of foreign currency translation, we'd be up approximately 4%, and in North America, we're up 5%, again in a pretty tough environment. If we think about margins and EPS on an adjusted basis, we're up 120 basis points to 6.5% and up $0.17 in terms of EPS from $0.11 last year, adjusted to $0.28 this year. We've made a lot of progress in areas that have contributed to that. We talked about price commodities. Although we're still behind the curve, we have done a nice job this year of making progress there. As we focus on profit improvement, John talked about the $175 million that we think we can reach this year. That's up from our original projection of about $140 million to $150 million. When we look at the cab and install-related business, we're improved about $60 million versus last year and -- in aggregate -- in those 2 segments. And our working capital management continues to be a bright spot across the enterprise. We're pleased with all those outcomes and certainly want to take a second and thank our employees worldwide for their continued focus, dedication and commitment. While economic growth in North America and the unsettled economic conditions in Europe continue to be headwinds, we're relatively pleased that housing dynamics continue to improve in North America. On the new home side, demographics, affordability, slowing foreclosures, high -- home price increases and low inventory levels are forming a very solid foundation for a multiyear sustainable recovery in new home construction. The recovering repair-and-remodel activity has been more moderate and certainly uneven in general and relatively slow for big ticket remodeling. We anticipate that consumers will remain cautious until job growth, continued home price appreciation and access to credit improves their confidence. Once that happens, we should see solid momentum in repair/remodel activity. It looks like October top line for us will be up high-single digits to low-double digits on a preliminary basis. And we will push hard to close the year on a strong note by continuing to focus on the things that we can control to drive our strategic initiatives. Again, those initiatives include expanding our market leadership positions, continuing to focus on total cost and productivity, improving our Cabinet and Installation segments and continuing to enhance liquidity in our balance sheet. And with that, John and I will take any questions that you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Peter Lisnic with Robert W. Baird.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First question. The -- if we look at the third quarter operating compares that you gave us, the productivity net $1 million hit, can you give us a feel for where that number could shake out for the year and any preliminary sort of targeting that you could be looking at for 2013 on that front?
Timothy Wadhams: We haven't done anything relative to '13 at this point, Pete, and would certainly put in perspective the fact that, over the last 3, 4 years, we've averaged probably about $140 million to $150 million in terms of gross profit improvements. Obviously, this year, we look to only be a little bit above that at about $175 million. And I don't know that I have the full year number in terms of the net number there. My guess is that, that net number -- John, I don't know if you have any detail on that, but we have seen a fair amount of cost inflation, some impact from growth initiative spend. And I have to roll that out, Pete, but I don't know exactly what the full year impact would be. I think, on a year-to-date basis, we're probably a little bit north but not much -- it's probably -- most of it's been offset.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, yes, yes. I guess we'd be in that $20 million to $25 million range on a full year net basis.
Timothy Wadhams: Positive?
John G. Sznewajs: Positive.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, all right. Perfect. And then as a follow-up question, with some of these new business wins and opportunities, Delta toilet, et cetera, can you give us a sense as to the -- what the opportunity from a revenue perspective there might be? It sounds like October's already benefiting, but just as we look forward, how significant are some of those opportunities, from a revenue perspective?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I would say the 3 that we talked about, Pete. If you took the Behr paint initiative, the toilet initiative as well as the builders' hardware, if you put all those together, we're talking somewhere north in aggregate of $100 million roughly on an annual basis, yes.
John G. Sznewajs: And Pete, just a little bit of color to Tim's: It's only benefited in October's by a little bit of a loading with some of these programs as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Cabinets, you had highlighted the employee reductions year-over-year and the plant closure. But the new management team, what other types of initiatives do they have in terms of product and price points and things of that nature coming down the pipe?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, the -- in terms of Cabinets, Keith, there's been a lot of activity there. As we mentioned earlier, we made some pretty significant managerial changes effective July, if you will, so we've got about 3, 3.5 months in terms of feet on the ground there, if you will. And as we've indicated in the past, they're looking at all aspects of the business really trying to step back, do a fact-based assessment and have made a lot of progress in that regard. They've done a lot of customer visits. And as we look at it from a priority standpoint, the first area of focus for them has been really in a couple of places. That would include the cost side. And we talked a little bit about that in terms of the headcount reduction. There's some other opportunities that have been identified and are being looked at, at this point in time. The other area is on the countertop side. Basically, the plant closure relates to our countertop fabrication business in New Jersey. And essentially, we're changing that model to basically subcontract with local subcontractors, if you will, that can fabricate countertops much similar to our builder precision model, which really kind of gets us a little closer to the customer. As we mentioned, those actions cost us about $20 million and will put us in a position where we save about $20 million going forward. In addition to that, there's been a lot of activity just in terms of reaching out to customers, a -- lots of discussion in terms of across the channels. And I think that the folks at -- the way I get the feeling is that we've done a good job of enhancing the dialogue there. Obviously, we're looking at all aspects of the business. We do have some product launches that will be taking place over the next 2 or 3 quarters and we'll talk about those after they happen, as supposed to ahead of time, just in terms of the implications, but those relate to both the KraftMaid and Merillat brands. So I think there's a lot of good activity going on at this point in time. And we certainly are in the early stages of this process, but we'd certainly have more to report as it develops going forward.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Second question. Your comment on October being up high-single, low-double digits, does that include Europe and are there any segments that really stand out in those results?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that does include Europe. In fact, in both North America and in Europe, we're up high-single digit to low-double digits in both geographies, if you will. And just to put that in perspective, last year, we had a pretty significant launch in the latter part of the third quarter in North America. We also had a price increase in Europe that -- with our Hansgrohe operation, that I think became effective in October. So we had a little bit of a pull-forward last year so October's probably a little bit easier comp for us, quite frankly. But having said that, as we looked across the numbers -- and again, Keith, I would want to emphasize that these are preliminary numbers in terms of the data that we're sharing with you. But as we look across the detail, I would say that the strength is pretty broad. Obviously, in the Installation segment probably a little higher than the high-single digit, low-double digit just in terms of reflecting new home construction-related activity but pretty widely dispersed across the business units.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just want to see, we're in New York, and the storm damage, the extent's been severe. Do you think this will have any impact on third quarter results? And any delay in shipments, or is it business as usual?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I would guess that -- as we think about any activity on the East Coast, that there probably will be some negative impact just in terms of going forward. That's a little bit difficult to assess at this point in time. We do have our Masco Bath operation and Arrow Fastener located in the New Jersey area and those would be, I think, the only 2 operations, John, that come to mind?
John G. Sznewajs: We have numerous installation branches.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, a lot of installation branches out that way. And then obviously, a lot of our customer activity in the Northeast is -- tends to be pretty robust. So my sense is that there'll probably be some negative implications but obviously very, very difficult to quantify what that might be.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Understood, that's helpful. As we go into 4Q, do you expect the positive price/commodity relationship to sustain itself, or accelerate? And in a similar fashion, what are your expectations for the $16 million hit on volume and mix? Do you think that's going to start to improve as well?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Bob, it's John. Let's take this part maybe in reverse order. The volume mix issue will probably still be a little bit of a headwind for a little while yet. That's, as we mentioned in the past, is emanating from Hansgrohe -- or principally from Hansgrohe over the last several years as they continue to grow the business internationally, as they mature and shift -- or balance their business out from a shower company alone to both a shower and a faucet business. So there's a number of things that contribute to the negative mix that they're experiencing out there. But that said, they were trying to address it. They are focusing on some products that will be at cost and price points that will be more attractive. And so nothing to really talk about yet, but it's something that they're very much aware of and are focused on improving. In terms of the commodities going forward, tough to say. It's been kind of a choppy commodity environment over the last couple of quarters. As we look across the commodity inputs that we buy, copper has been fairly steady in a narrow -- relatively narrow trading band despite peaked -- picked up a little bit in the third quarter, has come down just recently. Hardwoods are starting to get to us a little bit in cabinetry and chipboard pricing in Europe has been a little bit elevated at this point. As I mentioned, TiO2 is also -- come off its peak, though. What we are hearing from the producers is that, that could go up here in the -- either the fourth quarter or early part of 2013. So no certainly as to where that's going to land at the moment. So at this point, we might expect a little bit of a price/commodity favorability in the fourth quarter, but really just it's tough to assess as to where we're going to end up on a full-quarter basis at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East with ISI Group.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: If -- just follow on what you were talking about in October, Tim. Does that exclude foreign currency impacts? I know, in July, you started off a little bit better, but it looked like foreign currency then clipped you. So I just wanted to make sure I was clear on that.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think the numbers that we had, had foreign currency in it, Steve. So in terms of the International operations, would have been up high-single, low-double, with currency in, and that would have been negative impact.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. There would be a negative impact of foreign currency, Stephen. So x currency, those numbers would be just up a little bit more but not much because currency right now, at least compared to the fourth quarter of '11, is about the same levels.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Sure. I -- and then the other question I have surrounds Installation and Cabinets and restructuring charges, what you think we have going forward. Cabinet losses are still fairly high. Your Installation, you're almost at breakeven, it probably -- a little bit less than what you thought was happening. Is that anything other than just the timing of acceleration of the market? Or is there something going -- else going on, on the Installation side? Then on the Cabinets, I assume, with the new management team, you've got restructuring charges coming in the future.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I wouldn't want to necessarily predict anything relative to cabs -- Cabinets at this point, Stephen. But as I mentioned earlier, I -- the team has identified some additional potential opportunities for cost reduction that may or may not require charges going forward. But as you could tell from the action that took place this year, we certainly feel like we'll get a very good payback. As I mentioned, I think the $20 million, about $5 million, $6 million of that is cash, and we expect to get $20 million back in 2013, but again there could be some additional activity there and we will communicate that as it transpires. As it relates to the install business, John did mention that we were up 20% in the installation of insulation, and that's probably the closest metric that we have to new home starts on an absolute and/or on a lagged basis. And that might -- that's a little bit short of the 26% to 27% I think that new home construction is up. And if you look at it on a lag, I think that's the approximate number. My sense is that there are a couple of things going on there. One is that we have eliminated a lot of branches over time, and as John mentioned -- talked a little bit about the impact of the branches that we closed late last year, early this year. As we look at it today, our guys are taking a very hard look at our footprint and taking a hard look at where the housing activity is and our ability to serve those markets. We did add, over the course of the third quarter, late second quarter, I think, 4 satellite distribution-related operations. And the possibility of adding a few more locations is certainly there as we look at where the activity is. So in terms of that business, we may be a little bit short on the top line. But again, I would remind folks that we've got significant mix in terms of multi-family this year, obviously, and that certainly has some implications. But our guys -- in our opinion, we're not missing anything from a share perspective. I think we're in a pretty good spot and obviously continuing to focus on the bottom line. And as we look ahead, obviously, as I mentioned, we expect to make money in the fourth quarter and certainly feel like next year will be a year of profitability for the segment. And it's certainly been a while. John's got a couple of additional observations that we'll share with you.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, just as we think about share. Because we're highly focused on that number as well, our top line growth number. We did a couple of things. We went out and took a look at our consumption of fiberglass in terms of pounds. We're actually up in terms of pounds so we feel pretty good that -- that's one point that indicates that we're not losing any share. Another thing is just polling the fiberglass manufacturers. They feel that we are -- our consumption is up compared to a lot of other players in the industry, so again another point that leads us to believe that share, if nothing else, is not going backwards. If anything, we're picking up a little bit of share. And then as we look in our business and our position with the big builders, it looks like we're up there as well. This is with the publics, something we can more easily track. So feeling really good about our share position across the board there. I guess one thing, to circle back on the restructuring charges that you mentioned in the first part of your question, we did incur $48 million year-to-date. We have guided to be about $65 million for the full year, so a lot of that activity, the difference between the year-to-date, is actually that we initiated in the third quarter that will carry over into the fourth quarter. So we do have some further charges that we will be taking as a result of some stuff that we launched here just recently.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, $20 million, Steve, related to the Cabinet business, about $9 million of that, I think, hit in the third quarter and the balance will probably hit in the fourth quarter.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Tim, very quickly on that: Is that all U.S., or is that -- some of it with the European ops?
Timothy Wadhams: There is a plant closure in Europe, a Spanish plumbing plant, that would have been impacting the third quarter number as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Tim, I want to ask you about the Cabinet business and the brand line in particular. And once upon a time, one of the challenges that you talked about was that you didn't really have strong representation and opening price points since you had the KraftMaid brand, and then there really wasn't much beyond that. You responded to that by bringing over the Merillat and the Quality brands in order to establish a good, better, best lineup. You still seem to be struggling in the builder channel, and notwithstanding the fact you've got a new management team in here and they've got a lot of -- or in the dealer channel, excuse me, notwithstanding you've got a lot of plans here from the new management team, I'm just wondering if you're really kind of fighting an uphill battle here by trying to get Quality and Merillat into the dealer channel and if your brand strategy at this point is kind of where it needs to be in terms of penetrating that channel.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I -- Dave, both Merillat and Quality have always had presence in the dealer channel, as has KraftMaid. And I think that, just about any brand for any competitor, if you will, almost all brands tend to go through the dealer channel. There may be a couple that are specific to home centers and that type of thing, but we have always had a presence there. The real effort has been to expand that presence. That's been our desire. And as we mentioned in our second quarter earnings call, some of the -- a couple of the reasons for the leadership change included some of the challenges that we've had implementing both the countertop and the dealer strategy going forward. So we continue to feel like there's an opportunity there, the -- a significant growth opportunity. I would remind us that the dealer channel, we think, represents about 60% of overall Cabinet sales. And although that's been an area where we have historically been somewhat underrepresented, our sense is that we are clearly the #2 player when we look at the combination of KraftMaid, Merillat and our Quality brand. So I think we continue to believe that there is certainly opportunity for us at the different functionality and price points for those 3 brands. And it is certainly an area that our new leadership team is very focused on in terms of future opportunity.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Is this something where you just have to spend more on brand support in 2013? I realize you're not talking about '13 in a lot of detail at this point. But in '13, we should be thinking about increased maybe ad spend in support of those brands?
Timothy Wadhams: I don't know that I would necessarily say that it's a promotional-type situation. The leadership team is looking at all aspects of the business in terms of quality, service, the experience with our brands. And so I wouldn't necessarily say that we would expect to see a lot of additional promotion. There would be -- and we have, where we've won new dealer representation, obviously, there's a display expense that traditionally goes with that. But I wouldn't say that -- as we think about the future going forward in the dealer segment, that we would be looking at an inordinate amount of expense relative to opportunity. And I think anything we do there would certainly be done with the expectation that we get a very solid payback.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And then just finally. I guess there's been a lot of talk about promotional activity in the home center channel on Cabinets. So I'm just wondering if you could talk about the dealer channel and the level of promotional activity you're seeing there and the extent to which that may be resolving.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, in the dealer channel, there is probably much less promotion than we've seen in terms of big box. I mean, obviously, there are incentives that folks like to use in terms of growth incentives, which would be different tiered rebates and allowances and things of that nature. But generally speaking, I don't think that the dealer segment shows any of the acceleration or increase, if you will, in terms of promotional activity that we see at the big box side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I hope and trust everyone in the organization is safe and well after the storm activity the last couple of days.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we haven't really heard, Sam, anything from the East Coast, but we appreciate your thought.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions, if I might. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. You mentioned that, in October, there was some benefit to -- from the load-in from the new products and also an easy comparison. Just for some perspective, how much -- the comparisons in November and December, how much more onerous do they get versus October?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I would tell you, Sam, that last year's fourth quarter for us was pretty tough and so I don't anticipate that November, December comps are going to be overly challenging. Now having said that, I think monthly sales activity, when you're coming out of a pretty steep recession, like we are, can be fairly uneven, a little bit on the lumpy side. And -- I'm sorry?
John G. Sznewajs: The storm.
Timothy Wadhams: And you've got the storm issue too that is certainly going to be a bit of a wild card at this point in time. So we'll have to see how that shakes out, but I don't remember November, December being extraordinarily in that regard, as we look at them.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Two more quick questions, if I might. First off, regarding cash and cash flow, how much of that -- the $1.2 billion, on the balance sheet now, and prospectively, your cash flow is coming -- is offshore. John?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, about $500 million or so of our cash, Sam, is offshore at this point. So I would say, fairly easily accessible for us.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then prospectively, your cash flow, would it be proportionate to your overall international sales in terms of what will be coming from offshore?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, I think that's a fair way to look at it, Sam, just given the mix of businesses and everything that we've got internationally versus domestically. I think, yes, that's a good rule of thumb to use.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And last question. There's $12 million, the copper hedge, I believe, you identified, the benefit to the third quarter. How should we look at that in Q4 and then going into 2013 as it starts to roll off and anniversary?
John G. Sznewajs: Well, this won't really necessarily roll off and anniversary because we continue to hedge our commodities in the marketplace. That will -- we will continue to highlight for the investment community the change on a quarterly basis. To the extent that -- I'm trying to think of where copper prices finished the end of the year versus where they are today. And that would give you your best sense of how the hedge will impact the fourth quarter. And I'm sorry, I just don't have those numbers handy off the top of my head, so -- although we can circle back with you on that one.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So the hedge, then, would be essentially -- your costs for copper would be similar to what it was in Q3 and then we can just factor in whatever the year-on-year change would be.
John G. Sznewajs: That would be a way to think about it, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Rudiger with Wells Fargo Securities.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Look at just the Cabinet segment. And you -- and Tim, you just mentioned that last year, in the fourth quarter, was somewhat easy comparison. This quarter in Cabinets was only the second, I think, lowest-revenue quarter we've seen. And it really just suggests there's limited improvement. I was just curious more if you could talk bigger picture about what you think of the cabinet cycle, where we are and just what our expectation should be at all for next year.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, yes, I'll take a shot at that, Adam. I think that, as I think about North America, my sense is that we ought to see a continued top line improvement. We were up a little bit in this segment in the third quarter in North America, I think John mentioned 2%, and had pretty strong performance as it relates to big box and direct-to-builder. Europe obviously was a bit of a challenge in the third quarter. We were down 12% in local currencies and, I think John mentioned, 21% when we factor in translation. And I would expect that we should see -- continued positive comps going forward in Cabinets would be my sense, given the new home construction activity. And our sense is that, obviously, the election's going to be relatively important. There's a fair amount of uncertainty out there at this point in time. And bigger ticket remodel activity in North America will pick up at some point. We saw a little bit of improvement, obviously, from a big box perspective. But I think the real issue going forward is probably going to be the outcome of our European-related businesses. And as we have indicated in the past, those businesses are both in -- one's in the United Kingdom, the other one's in Denmark. And we have seen very, very significant drops in terms of volume from the start of the downturn to today, and obviously, that continued into the third quarter. So I would say that'll continue to be a bit of a headwind for us in that particular segment.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just -- I mean, I'm thinking about some of the new product initiatives. You mentioned, I guess, toilets and paint in Mexico, recognizing those would likely be modest revenue contributors near term. But assuming those businesses grew and started to impact the mix meaningfully, if they could, what would be the margin impact from those new businesses on those segments?
John G. Sznewajs: Those -- and those would be slightly margin dilutive because, for instance, our toilet program is a source-and-sell program. So the contribution margin on a source-and-sell program is generally lower than what it would be if we manufactured the products ourselves directly, so that would probably have an impact. And just given, I think, down in Mexico, that would be a little bit margin dilutive as well just given the nature of the product that we're manufacturing for that market is slightly different than what we've got here in the United States. I think that's -- it'd be just a little bit lower than what we experience today here in North America.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I would say, though, Adam, that, as we look at those programs, they tend to have a very, very high return on assets, return on investment. The payback on those is generally less than a year. And even though there is a little bit of margin dilution, we're excited about those kinds of opportunities and certainly look at those as a value creation opportunity, no question.
Operator: Okay, your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I wonder -- I do appreciate your guys' increased disclosure, at least from my angle. I think it is appreciated. I've 2 questions. One is going to be about insulation and the second about paint. In fiberglass, you mentioned you were up in pounds, is that -- does that mean you're kind of up in pounds similar to starts, meaning the mix and/or the price is part of the factor that's leading to your revenue on -- being under the growth of starts?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Ken, I would say there's a little bit of a favorable mix in that -- in our insulation purchases at this point -- and in our insulation Installation business at this point. Things -- with some of the businesses that we're launching not only with the builders, within our retrofit business and our commercial business, certainly a better mix there overall.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think -- I don't know, Ken, if your mix question is really on the install side, the fact that we've got more multi-family. Is that where you were going?
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Well, you said -- I thought it was a very good comment, that you said the pounds was up. So that could be -- there's different ways to think about that, obviously, in fiberglass. It could be an R-19 or a higher R-square. So I just kind of want to understand why the sale starts are up more than your growth that you highlighted and if you could kind of explain that on the volume, the price, which obviously some people were looking for.
Timothy Wadhams: I think -- I guess, Ken, if what we're focusing on is the 20% lift in the installation of insulation versus the start number of 27%, 28%, I think that, as I mentioned, I think there's probably 2 factors there. One is a multi-family mix, which tends to be a little bit lower and is an area that obviously we've been able to win some opportunities in. I think the other issue for us is really the fact that, as we contracted our footprint, we're taking a hard look at areas where homebuilding is starting to pick up to make sure that we've got representation. And as we mentioned, there are a couple of areas where we added satellite distribution centers, I think maybe 4 of those. And I think the guys are looking at another dozen or so locations that may be situations where we can expand our representation, given the opportunity. So I think it's a little bit of those 2 items that might help explain that delta a little bit. I think John's comment about the poundage was really -- as we think about share and really focus on share, we wanted to reach out to some of our suppliers to kind of get a feel. And I think what we were generally trying to communicate there is the fact that, as we look at where a product is going, again through our suppliers' eyes, that's -- that puts us in a position where we don't feel like we've lost any significant share. And I think that was really what we were trying to get across in that comment.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: No, I do appreciate that. The paint segment was up a nice 6% versus kind of a more flattish industry. Could you kind of -- if you were to slice that into a pie, is it pretty much 1/3, like, paint price, 1/3 paint volume and 1/3 hardware gains?
John G. Sznewajs: Clearly, the hardware gains were a factor in the segment. Splitting that out: Price was probably a little bit higher on the proportion scale than volume of paint though our, like I mentioned, our Ultra products sold through really well during the course of the quarter. We had really significant top line improvement there. And then our Liberty Hardware programs, as Tim mentioned, the new products that we launched, new programs we won, had an impact. So on -- I think your assessment is right. I mean, we had a couple or 3 things impacting the favorable top line: price, Ultra products and our Liberty Hardware unit.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think the Ultra, Ken, certainly would have improved our mix from a top line perspective. That tends to retail at a higher price, as you're probably aware. And I think that if -- I wasn't sure if you were trying to get at a share comment or not, but as we look at some of the industry information, our share performance in the third quarter, along with Home Depot's share performance, again based on information that is available, looked to be very good in the quarter.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And the hardware, was that more on a product launch in terms of putting it into the shelf, as opposed to POS?
John G. Sznewajs: Some of it is -- a little bit of both. We had some programs that we had earlier in the year or late last year that are kind of waterfalling, as well as some of the load-in associated with some of the new wins that we've had recently.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay, Ken, thank you. And again, thank all of you for joining us today.
Operator: That does conclude our conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Duey - Vice President - Investor Relations Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Will Randow - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation Second Quarter 2012 Conference Call. My name is Sarah, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Maria Duey. Maria, you may begin.
Maria Duey: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call today are Tim Wadhams, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion on our website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. [Operator Instructions] If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to call me directly at (313) 792-5500. If you would refer to Slide 2, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation includes our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors in our Form 10-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. We've provided a reconciliation of these measurements on our website at www.masco.com. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Wadhams. Tim?
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Maria. And if you would please move to Slide #4. After a relatively strong start to the year in the first quarter, with sales up about 7% overall, second quarter sales leveled out and were flat compared to last year at $2 billion. We were hit by the negative currency translation. That cost us about $46 million in terms of top line. And excluding that, we'd have been up about 3% in terms of sales. From a positive perspective, our international operations were flat in local currencies in a relatively tough environment. We also benefited from price and improved new home construction-related activity. On the other side, Retail repair/remodel activity was slower, and our sales to key retail customers were flat in the quarter. Margins on an adjusted basis were up 40 basis points, and John will get into the detail there, but we did have some nice leverage in terms of our SG&A expenses, which offset the gross profit decline. We continue to benefit from profit improvement activities as -- and also had a positive price/commodity relationship in the quarter. Earnings per share on an adjusted basis, at $0.10, exceeded the $0.06 that we reported last year. And we did not pro forma those earnings for negative hedge and negative foreign currency translation, which each cost us about $0.01. We also in the quarter had a fairly significant event in terms of the settlement of our Columbus Drywall litigation. I should say that's accounted for in the second quarter. It actually took place in the latter part of July. We've agreed to pay $75 million to settle that claim. We continue to deny any wrongdoing or unlawful conduct but certainly feel that this decision makes sense under the circumstances, it eliminates a significant uncertainty and also limits the expense of that case, which was fairly significant. And it's very good to have that behind us. If you flip to Slide #5. Earlier this year, we communicated the strategic initiatives that we're focused on to drive improved performance and value going forward. Those include extending our market leadership positions, continuing to aggressively manage our cost structure through supply chain and Lean initiatives, improving our Cabinet and Installation-related businesses and strengthening our balance sheet. And if you flip to Slide #6, we'll talk a little bit about how we've done against those strategies. As it relates to extending our market leadership positions, we continue to introduce new products, as well as win new business for the future. I think a good example of one of the new product introductions that we have includes the extension of our Delta brand, with new products, new finishes and complementary accessories in the bath category. As it relates to our Installation segment, we continue to get very good traction in the first part of this year as it relates to the relatively new retrofit and light commercial channels. And our Window businesses, both in North America and in the United Kingdom, continued to gain share. Milgard continues to do a very good job in the Western part of the United States. Recent product introductions: Essence -- Essence is our wood fiberglass window -- the vinyl color window program and our vinyl swing doors are all getting very good traction. As it relates to cost reduction, we had another very strong quarter in terms of profit improvements. John will get into the details, but we came in around just a little bit below $50 million for the quarter. And we have updated, and John will talk about that in a minute or 2, our guidance for the full year as it relates to profit improvements. Our balance sheet continues to be strengthened. As we indicated, we had a debt maturity payment in early July, that was about $750 million. And as a result of that, our debt, if you go back to the beginning of the year, will be down about 10%. We ended the quarter with $1.9 billion of cash. And if you take into account the debt repayment, we ended up at about $1.2 billion. And if you flip to Slide #7, we'll talk about our Cabinet and Installation-related businesses. Back in February, during our fourth quarter earnings call, we discussed our expectations for improvement in these 2 segments, which have had relatively significant operating losses over the course of the last several quarters. At that point, we estimated that we could improve our operating performance in Cabinets by approximately $50 million for the full year and our Installation business by approximately $30 million for the full year. And again, that was based, at that time, on the assumption of flat housing starts. Obviously, housing starts have been up during the year, and we'll talk about that in a second. As it relates to Cabinets, during the first half of the year, we have seen about $19 million of operating profit improvement, principally driven by cost reductions in North America. At this point in time, it looks like we're going to fall a little bit short of the $50 million that we anticipated earlier. We expect the second half that we'll see about $10 million to $15 million of improvement, which would put us in a full year number of approximately $30 million to $35 million, so a little bit short of the $50 million that we anticipated. We obviously are seeing some benefits from a lift in new home construction-related activity. Unfortunately, that's offset by continued difficult market conditions in Europe, as well as slower repair/remodel retail activity in North America. And we've also had some challenges implementing our North American dealer and countertop-related strategies. We have recently made some leadership changes as it relates to our North American Cabinet business. In terms of Installation, our first half operating performance has been improved by approximately $29 million compared to last year. We've had a nice lift in terms of top line activity, as well as a good job on the cost side. And at this point in time, as we look out through the rest of the year and anticipate housing starts, which the Blue Chip consensus suggests will come in around 740,000 for the full year, that's up about 20% compared to last year, our sense is that number will probably be pretty close to where we end up. On a lag basis for us that represents about 725,000 starts. And our sense is that our Installation business has a very good opportunity to get close to breakeven at that kind of level. Now what that means is that the $23 million of adjusted operating losses that we've incurred in the first half would be offset in the second half. So we feel pretty comfortable about that and certainly pleased with the increase in performance as it relates to Installation. If you flip to Slide #8, I'd like to turn the call over to our CFO, John Sznewajs, who's going to walk us through some of the detailed operating information and talk about our segments as well.
John G. Sznewajs: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. If you could just please turn to Slide 9. So as Tim mentioned, revenue in the second quarter was flat compared to last year's second quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation of about $46 million, sales grew at 3%. We saw increased sales in those businesses selling into the new home construction channel, including our Installation business, which was up 10% in the quarter. We saw increased sales of North American Plumbing Products, and we benefited from selling price increases. International sales were down 9% in the quarter though flat in local currency. The sales to key retailers were also flat in the quarter. Our adjusted gross margins were 26.1%, about 110 basis points lower than in Q2 of last year, due to material cost increases in our Decorative Architectural, Installation and European Plumbing businesses, partially offset by profit improvement initiatives. We did a much better job of leveraging our SG&A in the quarter as adjusted SG&A as a percent of sales dropped 150 basis points to 19.9%. As result of the favorable SG&A performance, we're also pleased with our bottom line performance, as adjusted operating income increased 7% in the quarter to $124 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 6.2%. And finally, our adjusted EPS was $0.10 in the quarter, an improvement of $0.04 per share in the quarter from the second quarter of 2011. If you'd turn to Slide 10, we can see the components of our operating income improvement in the second quarter. Our net price/commodity improved $14 million in the quarter, largely driven by our Plumbing, Cabinetry and other specialty segments, partially offset by a negative price/commodity relationship in our Decorative Architectural segment. This $14 million reflects the negative impact of our metals hedge, which was about $5 million negative in the second quarter. While we have experienced favorable price/commodity relationships in the first half of the year of about $35 million, based on current prices of our key commodities, we believe that in the second half of the year, the price/commodity relationship will likely be in the range of $10 million to $20 million positive. The $10 million reduction in net volume/mix was principally driven by negative mix of approximately $13 million in our Plumbing segment, which largely relates to Hansgrohe as they continue to penetrate new markets. The net profit improvements of $4 million were principally driven by our Cabinets, Installation and Decorative Architectural segments, partially offset by increased strategic growth spend in the Plumbing segment. For the first half of 2012, we are pleased with our profit improvements of $90 million gross and estimate that we can achieve $175 million for the full year, up from our original estimate of $150 million. If you turn to Slide 11, you can see that our Plumbing segment sales declined 3% in the quarter, again, principally due to foreign currency translation. Excluding the impact of the $37 million of foreign currency translation, sales increased 2% in the quarter. European sales in the segment were flat in local currency for the quarter despite a challenging economic environment. We experienced good growth in our North American businesses, as several of our most important faucet brands, including Delta, Peerless and Brizo, saw sales in the quarter increase high-single digits in both the retail and wholesale channels as they continue to gain share through new-product launches. Margins, however, in this segment were challenged by a number of items in the quarter: negative mix of the quarter of approximately $13 million, principally from Hansgrohe, as I described earlier; also, we incurred incremental costs for new programs and growth initiatives of about $15 million; we experienced negative currency of about $5 million. All this was offset by a favorable price/commodity relationship, net of our hedge, of about $12 million. Taking a look at the performance of this segment, we had 4 what I would call kind of unusual items that hit the segment in the quarter, each of which were about $5 million in magnitude. Now currency, as I mentioned earlier, was about $5 million; hedge is, as Tim referenced earlier, was about $5 million; we had program costs for some new programs that we gained at Retail in several major retailers, things like reset costs and the like, were about $5 million; and then we had some operational one-timers of about $5 million in the quarter. Things like we had a tank explosion at one of our facilities that took down production for several days. And fortunately, no one was hurt, just some damage, but it took production down for a couple of days, and we incurred some expense related to that. So all those 4 items in aggregate account for about $20 million. If you turn to Slide 12, you can see that revenue in our Decorative Architectural segment grew $25 million or 5% in the quarter, driven by Behr's continued growth with the Pro painting contractor, share gains in our builders' hardware business and price increases, the implementation of which was completed earlier this year. The new formulation that Behr introduced earlier this year are performing well. And sales of our top-rated and reformulated Premium Plus Ultra products were up mid-single digits in the quarter. Overall, gallons were down slightly in the second quarter, though excluding the SKU reductions at Walmart, gallons were up slightly, and we believe we gained share at Retail in the second quarter. As previously mentioned, we believe that sales in the second quarter were likely impacted by the pull-ahead of sales due to the favorable weather that we experienced in the first quarter of this year. We also saw nice revenue gains from our builders' hardware business in the quarter, as their results have improved following a tough 2011. Operating margin improvement was the result of the benefit of profit improvement initiatives. It was also aided by improved performance in our builders' hardware business. This was partially offset by increased growth initiatives spend for our international expansion in our Pro growth with our Behr business. And finally, the price/commodity relationship was negative $5 million in the second quarter, which was offset by the timing of some promotional spend. If you turn to Slide 13, you can see that the environment for Cabinetry remains challenging as our segment sales were down 5%. Excluding the $8 million negative impact from foreign currency translation, Cabinet segment sales were down 3% in the quarter. And as I mentioned earlier, our European sales were flat in local currencies. We experienced solid sales growth with our countertop initiatives. And our direct-to-builder sales were up low teens percent. So we are well positioned to benefit from our relationships with many of the big builders as they grow and take share in the housing recovery. This growth, however, was offset by a decline in the dealer channel and big box retail sales. We believe that the repair/remodel market for Cabinets is down mid-single-digits percent in the quarter, especially at the higher price points where we participate. And the intense promotional environment at Retail has continued the second quarter. And our spend on such promotions remains at levels consistent with what we experienced last year. We improved our operating loss in the quarter by $10 million or 290 basis points and $19 million year-to-date. This improvement was driven by benefits realized from prior year restructuring activities and current year profit improvement initiatives, partially offset by start-up costs associated with our countertop programs. Turning to Slide 14. You can see our Installation sales, and we are very pleased with the improved both the top and bottom line performance of this segment in the second quarter. Segment sales grew 10% and were fueled by higher volumes and sales across all lines of businesses, including our residential new construction, retrofit, commercial and distribution. Sales were negatively impacted from the previously announced closure of branch locations and the mix shift to multifamily starts, which on a combined basis, reduced segment sales in the quarter by more than 3%. We continue to focus on increasing our Installation sales with the largest homebuilders. And we are well positioned to grow this business with the big builders, particularly D.R. Horton, Lennar, Pulte and KB. Our Installation sales in the quarter increased by more than 20%. In addition to solid top line performance, management's strong execution delivered significantly improved bottom line results, with operating profit improving $10 million in the quarter and operating margin expanding by 400 basis points. This segment had a very good operating leverage in the quarter, delivering 38% incremental margins resulting from increased volume, successful price/commodity management and profit improvement initiatives. And as Tim mentioned earlier, assuming lagged housing starts of about 725,000 this year, we believe this segment will approach breakeven for the full year in 2012. As you turn to Slide 15, you can see that our Other Specialty Products segment declined 3% in the quarter. Excluding the exit of select U.S. Window markets late last year, segment sales would have been up 1% in the quarter. Our U.K. Window and Milgard businesses benefited from share gains and reduced promotional rebate programs in Q2. Window and door sales in the Western U.S. increased high single-digits percent in the second quarter due to the improvement in the new home construction market, product introductions and geographic expansion. Our adjusted operating margins improved by $6 million or 430 basis points, benefiting from rationalization activities undertaken in the second half of last year, improved price/commodity relationships, including the rebate activity I just mentioned, partially offset by inflation. And if you turn to Slide 16. As Tim mentioned earlier, this month we retired our July 2012 $745 million debt maturity with cash from the balance sheet. As a reminder, we issued $400 million of 10-year notes in the first quarter this year with an interest rate of about 5.95% to partially prefund this July maturity. Since the beginning of the year clear, we have retired about $400 million of debt. The negative interest carry is approximately $7 million or about $0.01 per share for the second quarter and approximately $0.02 per share for the full year of 2012. We continue to improve our working capital as a percent of sales, defined as accounts receivable plus inventory less payables, from 15.6% down to 14.6%. This is great work from everyone across the enterprise on that metric. And finally, we finished the quarter with $1.9 billion of cash on the balance sheet. And following the retirement of our July maturity, our cash balance is approximately $1.2 billion. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Tim for his look on our outlook.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, John. And if you would please flip to Slide #18. These are the priorities that we identified earlier this year in support of our strategic initiatives. And we feel like we've continued to make good progress in the first half of the year, including the second quarter, against all of these priorities. We've talked about most of them through the course of the last few minutes. I would add that, as John mentioned, we had some nice improvement in working capital management. And I'd like to join John in thanking our employees across the enterprise for their continued efforts and dedication. If you flip to Slide #19, a couple of comments before we go to Q&A. I feel like we've made a lot of progress in the first half of 2012. Weather certainly has been a factor. It helped us, we think, in the first quarter; probably hurt a little bit in the second quarter given the heat in certain areas of the country. So the line between quarters might be a little bit blurry. But having said that, sales for us in the first half were up 3% or $128 million. And if we exclude $65 million of negative currency impact, it would have been up about 5%. Margins in the first half are up 150 basis points versus last year. And our incremental margin in the first half is over 40%. That's helped by positive price/commodity relationships, as John mentioned, approximately $35 million. We've made some very good progress there, but we're still behind the curve when we look at the last couple of years. EPS as adjusted is up $0.14 a share, $0.16 versus $0.02 last year. And we've seen some nice improvement in our Cabinet and Installation businesses, and our cost structure, as John articulated. Second half 2012 looks to be a little bit more challenging from a macro perspective. European economies are still unsettled. And the U.S. economy appears to be slowing as consumers pull back. Retail sales have been down now, I think, for 3 straight months. And certainly, big-ticket remodel activity is not generating an awful lot of traction. I would point out that we're relatively pleased with our preliminary view of July. July, on an all-in basis, looks to be up low single digits. And if we exclude foreign currency, July looks to be up mid-single digits. And if we look at only North America, our preliminary view is that July will be up high single digits. So it looks like we're off to a reasonably good start for the second half. Also on the plus side, we continue to invest in our businesses. And we continue to win new opportunities, especially in Plumbing. These costs are hitting our P&L today. John talked a little bit about that as we went through some of the segment deal -- detail, but we'll certainly see the benefits from those opportunities in the future. We're also excited about the improving new home construction environment. As we mentioned, we expect housing starts are going to be probably somewhere around the 740,000 level. Inventories for new homes continue to be low, and in certain areas of the country are extremely low. Demand has picked up. Affordability has never been better. Prices are stabilizing, and in certain areas, moving up. And we've seen a lot of investors come in to acquire properties. Also encouraging is 2013 estimates for new home construction at 880,000 as per the Blue Chip consensus. Some other folks are a little bit higher than that. But if we can hit that level this year and next year, the 740,000 this year, the 880,000 next year, that certainly is going to be a positive for the overall economy, as well as for Masco. The economy needs both housing and automotive. The multiplier effect as you think about job creation is significant. And anything that's good for the economy is good for us. Having said that, we'll continue to focus on the things that we can control to drive our strategic initiatives, which include expanding our market leadership positions, continuing to focus on our cost structure, continuing to improve our balance sheet and continuing to drive our Cabinet and Installation businesses to profitability. And with that, Sarah, we'll open up the lines for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Two things. First of all, within Cabinets, I'm curious about what's changed -- and especially as you look into the second half, has you taken a little bit more cautious view on the profit progress you're expecting from that segment this year?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, what changed there, Eric, is a couple of things. One is that we're not getting the traction that we anticipated in the dealer channel. Again, that's a little slower than we anticipated. And I think from our perspective, we're just not getting the traction that we anticipated, which is a little bit disappointing. The other thing is with countertops, it's kind of a good news, bad news situation. We've had some basic difficulties scaling that business. Demand has been very, very strong. And we've run into some inefficiencies. We certainly think that we can drive profitability going forward. But we've had to pull back in terms of our expectations, and quite frankly, the profitability there is not what we anticipated. If we look at the cost side of the equation, I think at the beginning of the year, we estimated that we'd have a net of approximately $30 million of cost reductions. And we still feel like we're on target for that, so continuing to do a good job on the cost side, but basically on the revenue side, see the lack of traction in the dealer segment, along with the fact that repair/remodel for the bigger-ticket items is a little bit slower, as John mentioned, for higher-priced items like many of our offerings on the KraftMaid side. Sales look to be down about 5%. So those would be some of the factors that we're faced with. We also haven't seen a lot of pickup in Europe. I should point out that Europe continues to be challenging. No question about that. We anticipate a little bit of improvement there, but the top line there continues to be a bit of a challenge.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: When you look at the market share position or the average selling price of -- especially on the KraftMaid side, is there anything to look at and would view this to be a little bit more of a medium-term challenge that may take longer to restore profitability because of how the market shares pie has moved and also how the mix has moved in this category?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, yes, no, I -- we're optimistic going forward. I mean, there's no question about that. We continue to be profitable in the dealer channel. There's no question there. And KraftMaid continues to be overall profitable. But having said that, I think just in terms of top line, we're not getting the kind of traction that we anticipated. And I think that we should see some improvement there over the longer term. There's no question in my mind about that. I think we still got great brands. When you think about KraftMaid, Merillat and Quality. And so, yes, I see this more as a little bit of a speed bump. We have made some leadership changes, as I mentioned earlier, and so we're encouraged by that as well.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: And one other. Could -- you've just squared you're more cautious on the second half. I mean as -- but it looks like July accelerated from the second quarter and maybe even the first half experience. How can you just put those 2 statements that seem to be conflicting in context for us?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think anytime you're in a recovery, I think that there's going to be some lumpiness in it. And we certainly have experienced that. Obviously, the first part of the year started out very well. As we mentioned, second quarter was pretty consistent when we look at sales trends from April, May and June. We were generally, without foreign currency, up about 2%, 3% each month. And our sense is just a little bit of caution as we go into the second half of the year. I think when you look at some of the uncertainty out there, with disposable income being down, the lack of job growth, I think caution by consumers, I think it's just prudent for us to think a little bit more cautiously. But obviously, July is a little bit -- or maybe a little bit more than a little bit of a plus as we head into the second half. And I hope we're wrong as it relates to that. But we'll just have to see how things shake out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: I guess, Tim, just back on Cabinets, realizing that this restructuring is kind of 2 years in the making now, can you go into a little bit more specifics on what the challenges are in the dealer implementation? And then as you think about the management changes, getting involved there, what are you seeing new management doing differently than the prior management team?
Timothy Wadhams: Sure. I think as we look at Cabinets, Dennis, as everyone's aware, we did do a major integration going back a couple of years, putting our Builder Cabinet and our Retail Cabinet Groups together. We think we've made very good progress there in terms of the cost side of that. My sense is that as I think back and I think we estimated that on the integration, we probably would save somewhere around $35 million. I think we've got that in the bag, and there's probably another $5 million to $10 million that we've been able to realize as part of the integration. Having said that, I think we probably have had a little bit more disruption, if you will, relative to top line activities. And that has put us a little bit behind the 8 ball just in terms of a couple of the segments. The dealer segment is an area that we think has a lot of promise. We're profitable in the dealer segment. We've got some very good relationships there, but we're not doing as well as we -- quite frankly, as we'd like too. So having said that, we did make a couple of leadership changes. From a corporate perspective, we've continued to streamline our corporate executive group, if you will, and we've gone from 3 to 2 Group Presidents in North America. And again, we were going to make that move irrespective of any issues around Cabs. But in doing that, Keith Allman, who is one of our Group Presidents in North America now, has responsibility for our kitchen and bath group. We put North American Cabinets and Plumbing together, and Keith is going to have group responsibility for that. Keith has Cabinet experience from Merillat and the Builder Cabinet Group. He was in Cabinets for 10 years. He was Exec VP, Vice President of Operations, so he's got a lot of background there. Keith went and left Cabinets about 6 years ago, went to Delta and did an excellent job leading Delta as the CEO. And has got a lot of experience in all the channels that are important to us from a Cabinet perspective. We also have changed the business unit leadership. Rick Roetken, who was the VP of Marketing at Delta when Keith was at Delta and more recently spent 2 years running our Liberty Hardware operation, has taken over as CEO of our North American Cabinet Group. And between Rick and Keith, they've got a great track record together in terms of the improvement that we've seen at Delta and a lot of very good experience in all of the channels that are important relative to the Cabinet-related business, particularly as it relates to Retail. So from our perspective, we got a lot done over the course of the last couple of years and certainly feel good about that, but also feel that there's some opportunity for us to kind of refocus on the growth side, if you will. And I think with Keith and Rick involved in that going forward, we're optimistic that we can generate some of the top line opportunities that we think are available to the leading brands that we have.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: And can you give us a little bit of color around, a, what key retail sales would have been, excluding Cabinets in the quarter; and then, b, what the top line assumptions roughly would look like in the second half of the year around that $55 million, $60 million loss in the segment?
Timothy Wadhams: No, we didn't breakout Cabs from key retail sales. I think [indiscernible] yes, we don't have that at this point, and we might be able to take that out for later. And the rest of your question, Dennis, was top line assumptions in the second half relative to Cabinets?
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Yes, just give us a sense of what's embedded on the top line behind that loss that you guided to.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, what we're looking for is probably a little bit of a decrease in the second half. I think in the first half, we're down about 3% or 4%, excluding foreign currency. And our sense is that that's probably somewhat consistent with where we'll probably end up in the second half as well.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: So -- and just lastly, so that implies deceleration on the remodel side in Europe since new construction is accelerating, as you said?
Timothy Wadhams: Right, yes, exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood from Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to turn to Plumbing. In Plumbing, the issue of mix affecting margins as Hansgrohe has expanded has come up periodically over time. So I just wanted to focus in on that a little bit. Clearly, if the business is pursuing the incremental sales, which is hurting mix, it must be a good return on capital investment. But from a margin perspective, I just wanted to understand how we should think about this going forward. Obviously, these expansions into the new markets are meant to drive sales over the long term. So does that mean that we should expect the margins for Hansgrohe and Plumbing to drift down over time as the mix continues to shift?
John G. Sznewajs: What initially happened is over time in plumbing -- and Hansgrohe, they got a couple of 3 items that hit them from a mix perspective, one you alluded to, which was their expansion into international markets. A couple other things that hit them recently, one is the fact that, as you may recall, Hansgrohe principally started out as a shower business, and over time, they've really increased the number of offerings they have in the faucet side of their business. And while both of those businesses have great margins. It just turns out that showers are at a slightly higher margin than faucets. And so there's a negative kind of mix associated with the product mix that's developed over the course of the last couple of years. Then the last thing is that over the course of the last year or 2, we've seen some down trading. They've got a high-end brand called Axor, and we've seen some down trading on some of the larger international projects to more of the Hansgrohe mainline product. And so those couple 3 items hit it from a mix perspective. And to your point, you're right, from time to time, we had some -- experienced some negative mix at Hansgrohe. I would think that some of this is an investment, but in the near term, we'll experience some margin degradation as a result of the mix. But over the long term, what we tend -- generally tend to experience is that when they enter new markets, generally entering with their opening price point products, that over the course of time as those markets develop, they migrate people up the price continuum. And so I would generally tend to lead you to think that they've got a near-term issue that will probably start to correct itself over the medium term as these other markets start to mature.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. Great. That's very helpful. Second, I wanted to turn to the settlement -- the Insulation settlement. What I wanted to understand was, clearly, the issue there was around Masco being large and getting better pricing on Installation. Has this process, over time, with these relentless lawsuits and the class action, and the settlement affected the pricing that Masco gets on Insulation? And so would it have an effect on the pricing and margins in that business going forward? Or conversely, does the settlement actually remove any issues that there might have been with pricing while all these lawsuits were going on?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I'm not sure I'd necessarily say there's a connection there, Nishu. I think as we think about our size and our buying power, we've talked a little bit about the relationship with Owens Corning on a strategic supplier relationship, we still are a large buyer of insulation. We still have leverage in terms of the opportunity in the marketplace. Obviously, it's very competitive at the level of new home starts that we're at today. But I would not see us disadvantaged in any way going forward relative to the fact that we settled this lawsuit or have had a couple of other litigation-related issues.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Some questions on Slide 11. There were a lot of moving parts, obviously, with the Plumbing margins, John, with respect to the program costs and the hedge and then the explosion in the -- in one facility. How many of these costs continue and; to what degree over the next quarter or 2?
John G. Sznewajs: Well, Sam, it's hard to predict currency and commodity movements, so I'm not going to really go there. But I would point to you that kind of the $10 million that I outlined, kind of the $5 million of program costs were -- was truly related to some retail activity that we had in the quarter, related to some share gains that we picked up at some of the major retailers. And then secondly, kind of what I call the operational one-timer is the plant explosion in the light that it kind of got lumpy into that. We're hopeful -- we're very hopeful that we don't have any further operational issues like that. So those, clearly, are one-time in nature. Could the rebates or could the reset costs occur -- to the extent that we continue to win new business here, that could be something that we experience in the future, I think we'd be happy to take that as we win new business. So -- but we'll continue to call those out as those things come up.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Second question. There was also, I believe, a change in your expectations for general corporate expense. I think that if my notes hold correct, from $140 million to $125 million, what was that -- what was the source of that? And what do you expect for next year? Is this the ongoing run rate now?
John G. Sznewajs: We haven't really gotten into next year. But the reason that things started to come down, as we guided on now, is you may recall initially, when we give out guidance, we budget everything at standard. And based on the experiences we've had through the first half of the year, with approximately $30 million in the quarter, we feel pretty comfortable at about $125 million we're guiding everyone to for the full year.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And last question, it's a quick one. With the Installation business, I know you saw -- said that the Insulation was up 20, and the segment was up 10. I caught that there was 3 points of a headwind from the branch closures. But what accounts for the other 7% between the Insulation and the reported sales growth?
John G. Sznewajs: Well, we've got a couple other components of that business that, perhaps, they grow as quickly as our Insulation sales, such as our distribution business. Our retrofit business slowed a little bit in the second quarter, partially we think a little bit due to the hot weather. So those couple of things. And then some of our other products didn't grow as rapidly -- like our fireplaces and gutters didn't grow as rapidly as the 20% that we experienced in Insulation.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Sam, a lot of the pickup there tends to be with some of the bigger builders. And some of those homes tend to be a little bit smaller, with less features like fireplaces and that type of thing. And so there's probably less non-insulation-related product opportunity for us in certain situations. And you've also got the multifamily issue relative to mix as well, which would put you in a position where you're not going to probably have a fireplace, garage doors, gutters, that type of thing, to the same extent that you might with a single family.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: You'd mentioned the $5 million additional program costs for the share gains. With the remaining portion of that, the $10 million, can you frame that in terms of how that shifted versus prior quarters and how you think about what the payback is on that growth spend?
John G. Sznewajs: Is it, Mike, in the Plumbing segment?
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Yes.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, the $5 million in terms of what we spend, just one-time re-set cost, is to our price on the shelves of major retailers. So in terms of the return on that investment, we look for a pretty quick payback. Generally, these programs will go for 1 or 2 years, and so we look to recoup the return over the life of the program that we have in the aisle. That said, we're constantly managing our SKUs in the aisle and working with our retail partners to ensure that we've got product that moves quickly. So to the extent that something might not be moving as fast as either we or they would like, we'll continue to develop new products to make certain that we can add fast-moving SKUs in the aisles.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: And can you talk about the point-of-sale trends also that you experienced in July, and also for the second quarter, so that we can understand if there's any destocking or restocking benefit there?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I really don't anticipate and didn't feel like there was any impact in terms of inventory balancing at all as it related to the quarter. We saw a little bit of that, we thought, coming out of the first quarter into the second quarter. But really, our sales activity was, as I mentioned earlier, relatively flat each month. We're right around, excluding foreign currency translation, right around 2%, 3% in terms of increased sales. We ended up, obviously, without foreign currency, at about 3% for the full quarter. So really didn't see anything unusual relative to inventory balancing. And as we went in -- as we go into July, we talked a little bit about some pickup there, but don't necessarily believe that's attributed to anything relative to inventory one way or another.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Will Randow from Citi.
Will Randow - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Could you share your price increases and how well those have been sticking, particularly on the Paint business? Is the number [indiscernible]
Timothy Wadhams: No -- I'm sorry, go ahead, Will.
Will Randow - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: As a competitor comp -- sorry, at a competitor comps, I remember you said the April price increase stuck, and I'm curious if there's been any success after that price increase?
Timothy Wadhams: Talking about the commodity costs, are you taking about -- you're talking about Paint now?
Will Randow - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, correct.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay. And you're talking about cost increases in terms of the commodities?
Will Randow - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: No, I'm talking about price increases rather.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay, our pricing, yes. No, we -- as we mentioned earlier, Will -- sorry for the confusion there, but as we mentioned earlier, we started to implement price related to our Paint products in February. And that process was complete in late March, early April, in terms of implementation. And that was pretty much across all of our Paint-related products, all of our Paint-related customers. Since that point in time, we have experienced some continued increase in TiO2 and resin-related costs. But in the second quarter, late in the second quarter, that seemed to kind of level out a little bit. Obviously, we're still elevated versus last year. And as John mentioned, we had a negative price/commodity relationship in the Decorative Architectural segment. And our expectation is that we don't see in the second half given that worldwide volumes are down at this point in time as it relates to Paint, we're not anticipating necessarily any continued increases. But we're still a little bit behind in terms of where we'd like to be from a pricing perspective. And I can't really give you any further information on that at this point in time.
Will Randow - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. I imagine the retailer you're working with, in particular, probably is going to push back if you try to -- push further price increases through the rest of the year.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, that remains to be seen.
Will Randow - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And second question for Cabinets, I believe you said promotions were flat year-over-year, which sounds like still high to me. And you had share gains at retailers. Is that correct?
John G. Sznewajs: No. I would say that our share at the major retailers is about flat for the year or for the quarter, I should say. And the promotional activity, is flat for the first half of the year for us based -- compared to the first half of last year. So it's still intense. They're still elevated but no more intense than what we saw in the first part of last year.
Will Randow - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I guess, it sounds like it's relatively a price-taker business until you get capacity utilization back up. But are you guys thinking about some creative ways of creating value. Possibly doing, and we've talked about this, an asset swap with, let's say, a competitor, where you pitch windows for doors versus cabinets, or something where you create consolidation in an industry that lacks it?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we don't generally speculate on things that might be somewhat transformational, like what you suggested. I think our sense is that there continues to be a very good opportunity, fundamental opportunity, in the dealer channel, in the countertop market for us. As we've mentioned, we've got some new folks involved in that business. They're in the process of doing some assessment, as we speak, just in terms of kind of where we are in the different channels. And our sense is that there's a lot of opportunity for us to expand our penetration, improve our performance going forward and, certainly, are encouraged by the position we've got with our brands at this point in time. So I wouldn't necessarily want to speculate on anything of the nature that you suggested.
Will Randow - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, I suppose NOL would take a ding too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg from UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's actually Susan. You guys did a few smaller acquisitions earlier this year. And as we've sort of gone through the year, and you've seen how the housing market and conditions overall come together, are you seeing any changes in terms of some of the opportunities that are available out there and your appetite for them?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Susan, to be clear, we did a small acquisition, a spa manufacturer for our West Coast spa business late last year. And that actually is going very well for us. And the management team at Watkins has done a fantastic job of integrating that business and growing that business. So that's been a very positive acquisition for us. In terms of your question, are we seeing additional opportunities, new opportunities come on the marketplace, it's still pretty slow at this point in time. Even though end markets are starting to recover from the bottom, with still not a lot of sellers coming off the sidelines at this point, so I wouldn't want to speculate or say that we're looking at any more acquisitions at this point. But we're not seeing more activity of acquisition in the industry at this point in time.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the balance sheet, the July repurchase -- or July debt maturity was sort of a point that we were waiting for. And we're -- we now that we're past that, can you give us any update in terms of how you're thinking about potential share repurchases or raising the dividend, anything in terms of shareholder value like that?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think, Susan, at this point, given where we are in the recovery and the fact that we're still $4 billion, $5 billion behind sort of our peak in terms of revenue, I wouldn't necessarily see any activity around shareholder-friendly-related initiatives like share repurchases or an increased dividend at this point in time. Obviously, as we get further into the recovery and start to see some additional top line opportunity given our operating leverage, the history we've got in terms of free cash flow, and I would remind folks that if you went back to the period 2003 through 2007, that 5-year period, we averaged about $1 billion of free cash flow a year. And that was after $1.5 billion of capital expenditures, $300 million of investment in displays, and we were able to, during that same time period, repurchase about 30% of our outstanding stock. I think that gives you a little bit of perspective of the cash flow capacity that we have. And -- but again, that was at a different time and a different place. And I think at this point, given where we are in the cycle, it would be premature for us to start down that path at this point in time.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Stephen East from ISI Group.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: If we look at your Paint business, again, you had a nice sequential improvement in op margin. How would you rank order what drove that from pricing volume? And did Pro build -- did your spend in Pro build accelerate versus the first quarter or not?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, a couple of things there. On a sequential basis, I think some of the improvement did come from the Pro. That included -- drove as I mentioned, I think, in my remarks. Volumes were up just slightly in the second quarter if you factor out some SKUs that we lost at Walmart. So volume was such a huge driver. On the bottom line, profit improvements were a big driver in the quarter in the Decorative Arch segment. The performance of our Liberty Hardware business also aided their quarter pretty significantly. So in price [ph], a little bit if softness overall in the quarter just given the extreme heat, particularly in the last couple of weeks in the quarter due to putting up [ph] our exterior paint. So a couple of 3 things hit us there. But overall, improved pricing kind of helped us a little bit as well in the quarter.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then the other thing, you mentioned the key retail -- the Walmart stuff, on an apples-to-apples, one is the key retail -- what is going on with the key retailers? And then the other question I've got is, when you look at your European business, can you remind us what percentage of your sales is going over there and what the op margin is in Europe versus the U.S.? And then just sort of if you rank order, what the pressures you see being in that market?
John G. Sznewajs: Okay. A couple of things there. One, our key retail sales, again, were flat for the quarter. And that's not only the -- our major retailers, Home Depot and Lowes, but the composite of a number of other probably 20-plus retailers that fall into that equation. In terms of Europe, our European sales are about 21%, 22% of our overall sales right now. And I think the last question was rank order, the -- some of the...
Timothy Wadhams: No, I think what Stephen was looking at is the operating margin in Europe, and that would be down a little bit this year year-over-year, Stephen. I don't know that, that's in our analyst package. I don't -- is that in there?
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: No, not really.
Timothy Wadhams: I don't think we have the international margin. But that would've been down a little bit. I think last year, at this point, Stephen, we were running around 10%, 11%, as I recall. And with some of the mix challenges that we've got, some of the top line challenges, we'd be off there. And I don't have that number right in front of me, but my guess is it's probably mid- to high single digits versus low double digits last year.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Stephen the way to kind of get it is if we had a $5 million operating income hit on currency and about a $50 million top line hit on currency. That translates through at the same margin, so that's probably high single digits, to Tim's point.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, got you. And is that the biggest headwind? Or are you seeing something else that causes you more concern?
Timothy Wadhams: In Europe?
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, in Europe, I'm sorry.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I just think, for us, in Europe, obviously, the economies over there are pretty dicey. One of the things that helps us is the diversity of Hansgrohe's product offerings in emerging markets, project work in the Middle East. So we do have a bit of an offset. We don't have a lot of presence in Southern Europe: Spain, Portugal, Italy and Greece, that those are not major markets for us. So from that standpoint, we're in reasonably good shape there. So I think we're maybe a little bit more balanced than maybe some other folks who basically are pretty concentrated on the continent. But having said that, it's still pretty tough. Okay. Sarah, thank you, and we'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. And as Maria indicated, if we didn't get to you or you have additional questions, give us a yell. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Duey - Vice President - Investor Relations Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. My name is Christie, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Maria Duey. Maria, you may begin.
Maria Duey: Thank you, Christie, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Masco Corporation's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call today are Tim Wadhams, President and CEO of Masco; and John Sznewajs, Masco's Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter earnings release and the presentation slides that we will refer to during the call are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. You will note that we have changed the format of our presentation and analyst package as we continue to work on improving our communication with the investment community. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. [Operator Instructions] If we are unable to take your question during the call, please feel free to call me directly at (313) 792-5500.  If you'd refer to Slide 2 in the presentation, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation includes our views about Masco's future performance, which constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We've described these risks and uncertainties in our risk factors in our Form 10-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Weve provided a reconciliation of these measurements on our website at www.masco.com.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Wadhams. Tim?
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Maria, and thank all of you for joining us today. And if you would please flip to Slide #4. We're pleased with our first quarter results. Housing dynamics improved, helped a little bit by weather, but for us, a solid quarter. Top line was up 7%. We had very strong performance in our Decorative Architectural segment, where we have our paints and stains and builders' hardware. Our Installation segment was also strong in the quarter, and we had pretty good topside in terms of our Plumbing-related businesses, impacted a little bit by foreign currency. Sales to key retailers were also strong, and you'll hear more about that as we work our way through the presentation. Another area that was certainly pleasing to us were our margins in the quarter, which were the highest for any first quarter since 2008's first quarter. On an adjusted basis, our operating incremental margin was 44%, which is particularly pleasing, reflecting our operating leverage, the fact that we had price/commodity relationships positive in the quarter and also reflecting our ongoing focus on total cost and productivity. Earnings per share were a positive $0.05 on an adjusted basis again, and that compares to a loss last year of $0.04. So we had a nice swing in terms of EPS, and we'll get into the details as we work our way through the segments during the presentation but off to a good start in 2012. In addition to our financial results, we also made a lot of progress on the strategic initiatives that we're pursuing. And if you would flip to Slide #5, these are the strategic initiatives that we communicated earlier this year that we're focusing on to drive improved performance and position us to outperform the housing recovery. Those strategies include extending our market leadership by leveraging our brands with innovative new products, cost reduction, improving our underperforming businesses and strengthening our balance sheet. And if you would please flip to Slide #6, we'll talk a little bit about how we performed against those strategies in the first quarter. We feel like we continue to enhance our industry-leading brands and market position across our product groups. We continue to win international project opportunities in Plumbing, and our late fourth quarter 2011 acquisition of a bolt-on entry-level price point spa business has broaden our hot tub offerings and is going very well. Our Installation business, I mentioned earlier, was up significantly in the quarter, and a couple of the adjacent channels that we've been cultivating over the course of the last couple of years had very strong performance. That would include retrofit and commercial. We continue to expand our window offerings in the Western U.S., successfully into Canada -- Western Canada, excuse me, as well as Texas. And our new Behr paint product offerings that we talked about at the end of the fourth quarter have been launched very successfully at Home Depot, and our Pro paint business continues to do well. Our focus on total cost and productivity generated over $40 million of gross profit improvements in the quarter, and we're well on our way to the $150 million that we mentioned in the first quarter -- or the fourth quarter earnings call for 2011. And again, that's a gross number, the $150 million. During our fourth quarter 2011 earnings call, we talked about some of the -- in detail about some of our plans to improve our Installation and Cabinet segments. And we had very good performance, we believe, in the first quarter. In aggregate, we reduced losses by over $25 million and certainly believe that we're well on our way and feel confident about the targets that we set in the fourth quarter earnings call. We'll do a more in-depth update on those 2 segments as we get into and through the second quarter in July. But certainly, we feel like we're on track to deliver what we talked about back in the fourth quarter call.  And in terms of our balance sheet, we successfully issued some debt during the quarter. We've got $750 million of maturity due in July of this year. John will talk about that as he works his way through some of the detail here. And we ended the quarter with $1.8 billion of cash.  And at this point, if you'd flip to Slide #7, we'll turn the call over to John Sznewajs, our CFO, who will talk a little bit about some of our financial and operational detail.
John G. Sznewajs: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I guess I'd ask you to flip to Slide 8. As Tim mentioned, we delivered improved results in the first quarter. Revenue grew 7% due to increased demand across our key channels, particularly our retail channel, where sales to key retailers were up high single digits and, excluding product exits, were up low double digits. International sales were up 1% in the quarter and 5% in local currencies. Adjusted gross margins expanded to 26.5% as a result of increased volume, profit improvements and price increases. We did a better job of leveraging our SG&A in the quarter as adjusted SG&A as a percent of sales dropped 180 basis points to 20.5%. We're also very pleased with the bottom line performance as adjusted operating income increased 93% in the quarter to $112 million with an adjusted operating margin of 6%. Our company-wide incremental margin was 44% in the quarter, reflecting strong operating leverage in the business. And our adjusted EPS improved $0.09 in the quarter from a loss of $0.04 last year to $0.05 positive in Q1 2012. Turning to Slide 9. We see the components of our operating income improvement in the first quarter. The $18 million product -- improvement in net volume/mix was principally being driven by our increased volume in our Installation, Plumbing and Decorative Architecture segments, partially offset by the negative mix of approximately $14 million in our Plumbing segment, which largely relates to Hansgrohe as they continue to penetrate new markets. Net price/commodity improved $22 million in the quarter, largely driven by our Plumbing segment and reflects the benefit of our metals hedge, which was approximately $7 million positive in the quarter. While we anticipate raw material cost escalations in our Decorative Architectural segment, we continue to believe that we can, at a minimum, neutralize commodity costs companywide in 2012. The profit improvements of $14 million were principally driven by our 2 most challenged segments, Cabinets and Installation, as those management teams continued to drive productivity and cost improvements into their businesses. As an example, enterprise-wide headcount is down approximately 4% in the first quarter of -- compared to the first quarter of 2011. Turning to Slide 10. You can see our Plumbing segment grew 5% in the quarter, driven by international project growth and increased share in both the retail and wholesale channels in North America, with our wholesale channel sales up low double digits. Several of our most important North American faucet brands, Delta, Peerless and Brizo, saw sales grow high single digits as they continue to gain share through new product launches. Sales were negatively impacted by $14 million, reducing segment sales by 2% due to foreign currency translation. And although our European outlook remains challenging, European sales in the segment were up 5% in local currency for the quarter due to international project growth.  Our Plumbing segment enjoyed 160 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter, driven principally by a favorable price/commodity relationship of approximately $20 million, which includes the $7 million benefit from our metals hedge. I should mention that our European Plumbing operations accounted for the majority of the favorable price/commodity relationship in the quarter. Margins in this segment were also negatively impacted by mix in the quarter of approximately $14 million, again principally from our Hansgrohe unit, as I mentioned earlier. Turning to Slide 11. You can see that the revenue in our Decorative Architectural segment grew an impressive 16% in the quarter, driven by a Behr's strong DIY paint sales, continued growth with a Pro paint contractor and price increases, the implementation of which was completed in early Q2. Paint volume was up mid-single digits in the quarter. The growth of Behr's DIY paint sales occurred amidst a competitive retail environment and was aided by favorable weather in the quarter and new product introductions. We also saw nice revenue gains from our builders' hardware business in the quarter as their results improved following a tough 2011. The Behr product introductions we outlined in our fourth quarter call, the new and improved formations for both Behr Premium Plus and #1-rated Behr Premium Plus Ultra Interior, the 0-VOC colors and the new merchandising for our exterior wood products are in all stores, as planned, and are performing very well at retail. Our outreach to the professional paint contractors continues to grow. We saw increased growth in our Behr Pro program, which we continue to invest in heavily. Sequential operating margin improvement was the result of increased volume, the timing of price increases and profit improvement initiatives. It was also aided by the performance of our builders' hardware business. This was partially offset by increased growth initiatives spend for both international expansion in our Pro growth and loading costs for the new programs. The price/commodity relationship was neutral for the quarter. This said, we continue to expect further raw material pressures, especially in TiO2 and resins in 2012. So please turn to Slide 12. While the environment for cabinetry remains challenging as our segment sales were down 3%, we had some positive developments in the segment during the quarter. If we exclude the sales related to the planned exit of our RTA products of $9 million and exclude the $3 million negative impact of foreign currency translation, Cabinet segment sales were up 1% in the quarter. Breaking down the sales in a little bit more detail, we experienced solid growth with our countertop sales at both retail and with the big builders, and our direct to builder sales were up mid-teens percent. We're the clear market share leader in the builder channel and are well positioned to benefit from our relationships with many of the big builders, including DR Horton, Lennar and Pulte. We're also beginning to see success from our multifamily initiatives.  This growth was primarily offset by a decline in dealer channel sales and was driven by our decision to pull back on our promotional activity. Competitive promotional activity remains elevated in both the dealer and home center channels, and we've responded with disciplined promotions to meet these competitive situations. As we anticipated, we improved the -- our operating loss in the quarter by $9 million. Much of this improvement was driven by the benefits from our prior profit improvement initiatives. So at this time, we still believe we're on track to realize the $40 million of profit improvement that we outlined on our fourth quarter call.  Flip to Slide 13, please. Looking at our Installation segment, we are very pleased with the performance of this segment in the first quarter. Segment sales grew 18% and were fueled by higher volumes and share gains across all 4 lines of business: residential new construction, retrofit, commercial and distribution. Sales were negatively impacted due to the closure of previously announced underperforming branch locations and a mix shift to multifamily starts. Our efforts over the last year to increase our participation in the multifamily segment have proved very successful, and our Installation businesses is now nicely positioned to take advantage of future growth opportunities within both the single-family and multifamily channels. We continue to focus on increasing our Installation sales with the largest homebuilders, and we are well positioned to grow this business with the big builders. In addition to strong top line performance, management's strong execution delivered solid bottom line results, with operating profit improving by nearly 60% and operating margins expanding by 900 basis points. This operating profit improvement was largely due to increased volume and strong cost productivity. We expect this trend to continue throughout the year, and we believe we are on track to deliver at a minimum of $30 million of operating profit improvement that we detailed for you on our February call. On Slide 14, you can see our Other Specialty Products segment sales declined by 2% in the quarter. We experienced share gains in the U.K. new home construction market and at Milgard in the Western U.S. We also saw increased sales of staple guns at retail in the quarter. These sales gains were offset due to the exit of select Eastern U.S. window markets in late last year. Excluding these market exits, segment sales would have been up 2%. Operating margins improved by 390 basis points or more than 50% due to the profit improvements resulting from the rationalization activities undertaken in the third and fourth quarters of last year, also improved price/commodity relationships, including a decline in rebate activity, partially offset by inflation. Turn to Slide 15, please. As we announced in the first quarter, we issued $400 million of 10-year notes with an interest rate of just below 6%. These notes were issued to prefund a portion of our July 2012 maturity of $745 million, and we intend to pay down the balance of this maturity with cash from the balance sheet. During the course of the quarter, we repurchased $46 million on the July 2012 maturity. We had interest rate swaps outstanding in anticipation of this debt issuance, and the termination of these swaps increased the effective interest rate on the debt to approximately 6.5%. The negative interest carry is approximately $0.02 per share for the full year of 2012.  We improved working capital as a percent of sales in the quarter, defined as AR plus inventory less payables, from 15.5% to 14.7%. This is great work from everyone in operations on that metric. Finally, we finished the quarter with $1.8 billion of cash in the balance sheet, which includes $400 million from the debt -- the March debt issuance.  I will now turn the call back over to Tim to discuss our outlook.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, John. And if you would please flip to Slide #17. These are the priorities that we identified earlier this year in support of our strategies. And we won't go through -- we've talked about almost all of these as we've worked our way through the presentation, so I won't take a lot of time here, but we feel like we made significant progress in terms of accomplishing our objectives against these priorities in the first quarter. And as John mentioned, I'd like to thank our employees across the enterprise. Not only did we have a good quarter from a financial perspective, we also had a solid quarter in terms of the initiatives that are important to us from a strategic standpoint and, certainly, against the priorities that we've identified. And we'll continue to update the investment community against these priorities as we work our way through the rest of the year. If youd please flip to Slide #18, a couple of comments before we go to the Q&A session. There still are some challenges out there. There's no question about that, some challenges and uncertainties as we look out into the rest of 2012. European economies, big ticket remodel activity, commodities, mix, lack of job growth are all issues that are certainly on the radar screen.  But having said that, we're encouraged. We're encouraged from a couple of perspectives. One, that housing dynamics, as we mentioned earlier, have continued to improve. The blue chip consensus at this point in time for housing starts is at 740,000 units, and that's up 20%-plus over last year. But I think more important than that is the fact that over the course of the last 6 months or so, that average metric has gone up 10,000 units per month. That kind of contrasts to last year at this point in time when it was going the other direction at pretty much the same magnitude. So we see that as a plus. Housing inventories are low in general and very low in certain areas, and demand seems to be increasing, including from investors. Affordability remains attractive, and home prices appear to be stabilizing.  In addition to those encouraging signs, we're also encouraged that we got off to a good start in 2012 as it relates to a couple of areas. And importantly, our Cabinet and Installation businesses, we've seen some meaningful improvement in the first quarter, and as John mentioned and I mentioned earlier, we feel like we're on track to drive the improvement that we communicated earlier this year.  We're also encouraged that price/commodity relationships have improved. We're still behind the curve. After the last couple of years, I think all of the investors know that have followed us that we've been a little bit behind the 8 ball, but getting to a positive relationship in the first quarter is certainly pleasing. And as John mentioned, we certainly expect that over the course of this year, we'll at least be able to neutralize price/commodity impact on our operations. A lot of good work going on in the cost structure. Operating leverage is one of the strong points of our enterprise, and the 44% margin that we generated in the first quarter certainly is pleasing.  We understand that one quarter does not make a full year. We've got a long way to go, a lot of work to do against our objectives but certainly feel that as we continue to focus on our strategies, continue to focus on the priorities that we've identified, we'll -- in terms of strengthening our brands, improving our execution, reducing cost, that well continue to drive value for our shareholders.  And with that, Christie, we'll open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: One question on the Install business. Did you say that the guidance right now or the goal right now is to lessen the loss by $30 million?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. That's what we communicated, Dennis, at the -- in the fourth quarter earnings call. We provided -- in fact, there's a slide in the Appendix, Slide #24. That is the same slide that we communicated back at the -- in the fourth quarter earnings call. And I believe that, that shows an improvement of about $30 million in addition to the $6 million that relates to the branch closure. So in essence, it's a $35 million -- or a $36 million improvement versus the prior year, and we obviously got about $19 million of that in the first quarter. And I think as John mentioned, we think we'll do at least this well as we work our way through the rest of the year.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Well I guess, Tim, why not update that, realizing you're halfway there and you're seeing the acceleration in volumes? And there's obviously some lag there, so you would expect that to continue through the year. What's the hesitancy with updating that now?
Timothy Wadhams: No real hesitancy, Dennis. I think what we decided to do on both Cabs and Installation is wait till we get through the second quarter and then provide a little bit more detail. But we certainly would anticipate, if we continue to see the same level of activity, the same conversion that we saw in the first quarter, that we'll be able to improve on the Installation number for sure as we work our way through the rest of the year.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess separately, can you maybe go into a little bit more detail on volumes and what you're seeing within your European business, both by product category and then maybe by your major regions there?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Volumes as it relates to Europe?
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Yes.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we had a good first quarter. As John mentioned, we were up 5% in local currencies. Most of that was driven by Hansgrohe, which had a record March in terms of top line. So they continue to do very well. A lot of that, as you know, is emerging markets as well as project work related to some international opportunities. So they continue to make good progress. The United Kingdom continues to be relatively flat for us, Dennis. We look at our Cabinet business and our Plumbing business. Plumbing was -- I think both those were slightly down in the quarter. Our window business was up a little bit, so I think if you put all that together, we were probably flat. Certainly don't see any significant improvement in terms of the macro outlook for the U.K., but feel like our businesses, particularly the window business -- we've talked about that in the past -- continues to take share and has some nice growth opportunities, including a couple of things they're looking at from a retail perspective that aren't fully developed yet but will be a little later on, and we'll be able to talk about those. Our Danish business saw a little bit of top line improvement but not real dramatic in terms of that particular business. Still have a lot of challenge there in terms of input cost with particle board, but feel like we're getting a little bit of traction. We're doing some things from a sales representation standpoint, sales staff standpoint that should give us some better opportunity for penetration going forward. And in addition to that, our tub shower surround business, Hoopa [ph], had an okay month -- okay quarter. But I would say that things look like they're slowing down a little bit as we think about some of the challenges in Europe. So I would say that as we look ahead, we're still cautious relative to Europe. I think that we're in a good position with Hansgrohe because of their diversification, but the economies, generally speaking, I think on the continent, as everyone knows, I think look like they're going to be a little bit slower than last year.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: And just to wrap up on that, is Hansgrohe growing in developed countries in Europe?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, they are. Go ahead, John.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. It is, Dennis. If they kind of break out their sales, I think theyre doing fairly well in the stronger economies. So Central Europe, places like Germany, Austria and Switzerland are doing just fine. Northern Europe, Scandinavia is going okay for them. They are experiencing some softness, particularly in Southern Europe, at this point in time. They're also experiencing some -- actually, some pretty good growth in Eastern Europe. Whether it's Russia, Poland, Czech Republic, they're doing quite well over there. So pretty good broad mix of strength across most of the regions of Europe, except, of course, the southern tier of countries.
Timothy Wadhams: And remember, Dennis, we do have some mix-related challenges with that business. We've talked about that in the past as we continue to penetrate international markets, that's typically at a lower price point. And we've also seen with some of our existing business, given some of the economic challenges that exist, a little bit of a trade down as well.
Operator: Your next audio question comes from the line of Peter Lisnic with Robert W. Baird.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First question, I guess. Can you maybe give us a little feel for what April's look like across the business, particularly in Paint? And maybe if we could strip out some of the favorable weather, that'd be great.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Tough to strip out weather, Dennis. That's for sure. Although in our area of the world, April is -- has been a little bit more like March, traditionally has been not real good from a weather prospective. We came out of March -- we were up mid-single digits in terms of March. And it looks like April -- we don't have the numbers in at this point in time, but it looks like April in North America will be up at least low single digits. At this point in time and kind of back to Dennis' question, it looks like Europe is going to be down a little bit in April. But our sense is...
John G. Sznewajs: Excuse me, Tim. I think, actually, April in Europe was flat in local currency.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. In local currency, it's flat, but I think we've got some foreign currency translation that's impacting us. So from a local currency standpoint, Europe looks like it will be flat but down a little bit because of currency. So at that -- at this point, Peter, from our perspective, our sense is that there's probably a little bit of inventory balancing going on in April with some of our customers. Our POS has been relatively strong in April, so we're encouraged by that. But at this point, it looks like up in North America, I'd say mid-single digits -- or low single digits, excuse me.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on the -- Tim, you mentioned the productivity improvement, I guess, or the cost saves running at -- or targeted at $150 million. You got over $40 million in the first quarter. But if I look at that waterfall chart on operating income, there's only a $14 million benefit that I see there. What were the offsets? Or am I not reading that chart correctly?
Timothy Wadhams: No, you're reading it correct, Peter. The $40 million is a gross number. And as we've mentioned in the past, typically, we have inflation that is offset against that. We could have growth initiative spend, for example, in a couple of different segments. So what we try to do is net that down to the amount that ultimately drops to the bottom line. But in the first quarter, we had obviously some offsets to that. And I think that if you go back and look at last year, we were probably neutral, as I recall. Even though we did generate about $140 million to $145 million of gross cost reductions or profit improvements, we ended up the year in effectively kind of a neutral situation again, given some of the growth initiative spend that we had last year.
Operator: Your next audio question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie Capital.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: In the Paint segment, are you planning additional price increases to offset the higher TiO2 that you'd mentioned?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, yes. Just to give -- roll the tape back a little bit, Mike, we did announce in our fourth quarter earnings call that we were in the process of implementing price increases related to Paint. That started early February and was completed in early April. So we did implement, across all of our products, price increases at that point in time. Now that took into account, as we mentioned, what was currently reflected in some of the cost inputs that we were addressing.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Okay. And the -- you provided the point-of-sale detail for April. Can you give it to us for the first quarter to give us a sense of whether or not there was actually restocking in the quarter or if you can give us any color on where inventory levels stand?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. POS, I think, was pretty solid in the first quarter, Mike. Our sense is that we were up pretty strong in Plumbing, for example, in trade. There could have been a little bit of inventory build there, but we did have some load-in as it relates to Paint. We talked about that with the 3 new product launches, but it would be kind of difficult for me to comment on that. I don't think that there was an excessive amount of inventory build that would have helped our product. There could have been a little bit in a couple of different channels but not anything that would have significantly moved the needle.
Operator: Your next audio question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question. I was hoping to get a little better granularity with the $40 million and the $150 million, which you -- and the detail is very, very helpful. We appreciate it and, of course, always ask for more detail as a result. But the -- just trying to understand kind of the math in terms of what falls to the bottom line. If you could go through what the $40 million going down to $14 million on the quarter, what were the offsets there? And on the full year, maybe just to extrapolate what you might think would also kind of ultimately flow through.
Timothy Wadhams: I wouldn't necessarily, Mike, want to give a full year estimate at this point. That can be affected by a lot of different things. But basically, as John mentioned, most of the drop to the bottom line was in the Cabinet- and Installation-related segments. And both of those were pretty healthy in terms of the gross amount, Cabs around $10 million, Install just a little bit below that. We also had a pretty significant number in Plumbing, around $15 million in the quarter. And most of that was offset by inflation and about $5 million of growth initiative spend related to our International business, some expansion we're doing in Western Canada with a tub manufacturer, one of our tub manufacturers. So that offset that for the most part. We also had cost savings in the other 3 segments -- or the other 2 segments, excuse me, Decorative Arch and Other. Other contributed to the profit turnaround that John talked about as well. As we look at a full year -- on a full year basis, on a gross basis, we would look for Cabs and Plumbing to be somewhere around $40 million to $45 million; Installation, around $25 million to $30 million; Decorative Arch, somewhere in the $10 million to $15 million range; and Other, around $20 million to $25 million, which gets us pretty close to that $150 million. And again, that's a gross number, but the way we look at that, we look at that as providing currency to help us fund some of the growth initiatives that we're pursuing as well as offset inflationary impacts that range from everything from healthcare to just normal inflation that's outside of the commodity area. We try to provide the investment community with price/commodity relationship information that is outside of the profit improvement offset, if you will.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. I appreciate it. Second question on Decorative. You had a great top line, but it didn't come through on the bottom line given the, still, lag on the price increase that you've noted set to go -- was set to go through early this second quarter. But now with the higher TiO2 prices flowing through on top of that, could you give us a sense of, if second quarter, third quarter, do you expect the price increases to get you back where you can match a year ago in terms of the margins or even exceed that? And how do you think about where you are from a bigger picture? Well, let me ask you -- I'll just let you answer this first, and then I'll just finish off on the question.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. The question basically is in terms of TiO2 going forward. There has been an announced industry cost increase of $0.10 a pound that is supposed to be effective on April 1, and that would not have been included in our pricing discussion that we mentioned earlier relative to what we started to implement in early February and completed in early April. So we'll have to work either in terms of working on productivity, working with our suppliers or in terms of prices to offset that. Having said that, your question was, generally, do we anticipate that our pricing puts us in a position to accomplish or achieve the same margin level that we had last year. And at this point, we would anticipate having some additional pressure in terms of commodity-related costs. As I mentioned, we've got to do some work to offset what happened in April. Having said that, one of the things I think, Mike, that we should benefit from are increased volumes as we look at the second and third quarter. And my sense would be that we'll get a volume lift if things continue to move in the direction that they've been moving. And obviously, we've got pretty good incremental margins there, so that should help us. I'd rather not get into trying to predict margins going forward. We did say at the beginning of the year, in that fourth quarter earnings call that we expected a little bit of pressure in terms of commodities on margin in Paint. Our sense is that we'll get a little bit of lift in terms of volume as we continue to work through the year that will help offset that. But I'd rather not get into trying to predict what those margins might be at this point in time.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Just the second part of that was just bigger picture or longer term, when you look at Decorative Architectural, 2011 x charges is around 17% margin. This year, it might be a little bit less, depending on what you can do in terms of the incremental inflation. When you look at sort of the great years of '06 to 2010 when you were in that low 20s, generally low 20s type range, is that something that you can think you can get back to? Or given the fact that over the last couple of years, there's been more product innovation pressure, people matching -- certainly, that's kind of an ongoing exercise, but do you see impediments to getting back to that low 20s type of profitability? Or are we in more of this mid- to high-teens range for the near to medium term?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. I think -- yes, good question, Mike. I think that we got a similar question when he we had our fourth quarter earnings call. And what we mentioned there is that as we continue to grow the business and grow the business through the Pro paint initiative, grow the business through opportunities that might be -- that we're developing and looking at internationally, that we probably would see some negative impact, if you will, on margin. So getting back to the levels that you cited, given that we're diversifying our product offerings, diversifying the markets that we go after, really trying to focus on growth -- and again, growth is very important to our channel partner, The Home Depot, as well -- that there probably will be a little bit of pressure on margin as we go after those different categories. So I would see us probably not getting back to those kind of levels. But having said that, I would expect that we would generate a nice return on assets. We've got a very efficient operation. And to the extent that we can grow our business, generate absolute growth in operating profit and manage our asset base and do that with a positive return, a return in excess of our cost of capital, which we feel very comfortable that we can do, we'll continue to create value that way.
Operator: Your next audio question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Crdit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you can talk about the Cabinet business, still, obviously, going to be more late cycle. A very competitive environment out there. What would you need to see in terms of just -- are you willing to step away from business at this point? What do you think we need to see in terms of Cabinets overall to see a slightly more margin-friendly environment?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, certainly, Dan, in terms of margin, a little bit more on the macro side from a top line standpoint. We continue to see a lot of reluctance for folks to want to take on a major remodeling job. And a kitchen or a bathroom is certainly a big ticket, and that still is very slow. As job growth continues, as confidence picks up, that dynamic I would anticipate would change over time. The environment is still very competitive. I mean, there's no question about that. One of the dynamics for us is that we were promoting in January, sort of turned that off the latter part of February and saw some decline, especially in the dealer channel and a little bit of a fallback on -- in the big box channel for March. And so from our standpoint, there still is a lot of emphasis on promotions. We will ramp that back up, and we will be judicious as to where we put those dollars. Certainly, from a return standpoint, we're not going to chase every bit of business, but we do think that this year, notwithstanding the fact that we were hopeful earlier that it would be a little bit more disciplined from a promotional standpoint, looks like it's going to be a period that -- where active promotions are going to be important for folks to continue. We tend to see ourselves or have seen ourselves over the last several quarters, if you will, at those periods when we're heavily promoting, we tend do better. And when we pull back a little bit, things tend to go in a different direction. So we'll be as thoughtful as we can as we manage our way through that, but it's still going to be pretty competitive situation, particularly as consumers, although they're looking a little bit more, as we understand it, are still somewhat hesitant to want to pull the trigger on a bigger ticket remodel opportunity.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And second question, I was just wondering -- thinking about sort of the investment of the business, CapEx ticking up slightly this year. What do you -- as we see the overall housing environment improve over time, what do you -- how much capacity do you think you have there? How much will CapEx move higher over the next several years?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. CapEx, Dan, we generally guide people to focus on about 2% of sales as an appropriate number. It may tick up -- were showing you a tick up from -- in 2012 versus 2011 of about $20 million or so. That said, we spent only $25 million in the first quarter, which is actually down a little bit compared to the first quarter of last year. In terms of your question as it relates to capacity, were in a great position from a capacity standpoint. As the markets come back, we don't see any need for any significant bricks and mortar until we get back to a fairly robust recovery, that being 1 million, 1.5 million housing starts in a commensurate return in the repair/remodel end of our business. So we feel like we're in really good shape from a capacity standpoint here.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think that's very true, Dan. As you look at our business, we added a lot of brick and mortar back in the early 2000s. We've got some idle facilities as it relates to Cabinets that we can bring back on. The only area that I would maybe modify a little bit in terms of John's comment is that from a brick-and-mortar standpoint, we have made some expenditures to support Hansgrohe in both Germany and China and again, given their significant growth. But John is exactly right. We don't anticipate a need for a lot of brick and mortar as we work our way back into more healthy top line demand.
Operator: Your next audio question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Two questions. Within Cabinets, we've been rolling through some of the products that you got out of, I think, specifically, in the big box. Are we now through that? And do you anticipate any more actions like that in the future?
John G. Sznewajs: We're just about through that, Keith. It'll be $1 million or so, $2 million of RTA sales in Q2 that well have to anniversary in Q2 of this year. But beyond that, then we'd be done with that aspect of it. In terms of your second half of your question, is there anything else that we're looking at along those lines, the answer to that is no.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just quickly on the Installation segment. There's been yet more attempts here of price increases from the Installation producers for the second quarter. What is your view of those? Do you plan to pass those along into the channel?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. We have always been able to manage our way through that, Keith, generally by passing those costs into the channel and/or offsetting them with productivity or other means, working with our suppliers. But if you go back over the course of the last several quarters, we've had pretty good success on -- in our ability to pass those on and generally on a fairly timely basis.
Operator: Your next audio question comes from the line of Joshua Pollard with Goldman Sachs.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Excellent. My question is about the overall business and the pattern of growth over the year. If Ive got all my numbers right, it looks like January was up mid-single, low double for February, mid-singles for March and now -- and North America looking like low single digits. What's going on in the business that's causing that level of volatility? Or do you see any get-back from weather? Are you seeing a slowdown in any of the core pieces of your business? I'm really just trying to understand the slowdown in growth rates from January through to April.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think the -- I wouldn't necessarily put too much stock on the individual months, Josh. I think that if you went back to last year, our January and February were pretty weak in terms of 2011. And so we did have some -- a pretty good bump this year, but I think the dynamics in terms of housing really drove that. We've had an increase in terms of housing-related activity on the build side, and there's also been a little bit of a pickup in repair/remodel-related activity. A lot of that has been driven by the weather. For example, our comps in exterior Paint were very, very strong in the first quarter, again, we think, driven in large part by the weather. So I think the weather helped us a little bit. I think that, as I mentioned, as we look at April, we're not overly concerned. Our POS continues to be very strong in April. As I said, it's very possible that some of our customers may be balancing inventories in that month, but don't necessarily see anything that is of concern at this point. We talked a little bit about Europe. Obviously, as we -- as John mentioned, our sense is right now -- and again, we don't have the numbers in, but our sense is that Europe looks like, on a local currency -- from a local currency standpoint, it'll be flat with a little bit of negative impact in terms of translation, but would not necessarily see anything that's concerning. As I mentioned, POS is strong, and Paint has been strong and Plumbing in April. So we're tending to look forward a little bit more optimistically than we might have been 3, 4 months ago.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. Do you mind giving some of the numbers, actually, for some of the things you mentioned? I'd love to know what the POS is on April, and I'd also love to know what your comps were in exterior Paint versus interior.
Timothy Wadhams: I'm not sure that our channel partner would want us to give that level of detail out, Josh, in terms of those comparative numbers. And I think that's something that we would probably want to avoid.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Understood. If you don't mind me sneaking one more in. Fortune Brands mentioned that they were a loser on the Lowe's line review in faucets but a winner in cabinets. I'm wondering whether or not Masco was on the other side of both of those. Have you guys won some business? Or maybe if you could just characterize your winnings and losings in the Lowe's line review. I know you guys were a part of the advisory board there.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. To date, Josh, I think we've had 4 line reviews, and we lost one. That was a source-and-sell utility tub that wasn't overly profitable. And it was a very small piece of business, I think less than $20 million on an annual basis. So that was the only issue that we've had. The other 3, we were successful. So we've come out okay in terms of that process. Obviously, there still are some ongoing line reviews that will take place over the course of the rest of the year. But we tend to feel that if you're coming in there with strong brands, with good product offerings, good merchandising displays, the kinds of things that we put a lot of emphasis on, that you should do okay. And we think the better suppliers will continue to do well in terms of that dynamic.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I'll just ask one more.
Timothy Wadhams: Josh, I think -- yes, we need to move on, but thank you. We'll talk to you a little later on.
Operator: Your next audio question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: One question regarding Cabinets and then just a housekeeping, a modeling question. So if we back out the expected change in depreciation and amortization in Cabinets on a year-on-year basis, which if my math holds, is I guess about $25 million, $30 million -- I'm looking at the expected incremental margins from there. And at least, on Slide 23, I think it looks like you're looking at that 30% to 35% range, excluding the change in depreciation. Should that be what we assume? Or because of input inflation, diesel fuel costs, promotional environment, that the actual realized incremental margins might be lower than that this year?
Timothy Wadhams: I think, Sam, the question is do we feel like the $30 million and the $10 million -- that basically is about 33% incremental margin. Your question is, do we still feel comfortable with that incremental margin?
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Well, you have $30 million in revenue opportunities with a $10 million incremental operating profit on that. That would be, call it, 30% to 35% incremental margin. The $30 million, if my math holds, I think is largely just a change in the D&A on a year-on-year basis because of the structural improvements you've made. So when I...
Timothy Wadhams: No. No, the -- that is not a -- the change in D&A, Sam. That would have been backed out. The change in D&A was mostly driven by rationalization charges. So when we adjust our numbers for the 2 quarters, that tends to go away. And this $30 million here would be all profit improvement initiatives that we've got good line of sight to and talked about in the fourth quarter earnings call. So that is not the elimination of that accelerated depreciation that took place last year. And no, we do feel very comfortable. Our contribution margins in that segment in North America on volume in the first quarter were right around that 33% to 35% level. So we believe we can maintain that going forward.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Gotcha. And then just a couple of modeling questions real quickly. The $7 million in the favorable hedge impact, do you have an estimate as to how that translates the rest of the year? And then also, on the general corporate expense, John, I think it came in below the average run rate for the year, the $140 million over the course of the year. So was does the cadence look like for GCE over the next few quarters? Is it level? Or does it ramp as the year progresses?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Sam, in terms of your first question as it relates to the metals hedge, we're not giving guidance as to our metals positions at this point and what we think well benefit from -- part of it's hard to predict just given the volatility in the copper and zinc market. So we don't try to go out too far on a limb on that one. In terms of general corporate expense, yes, we did have a favorable quarter in Q1 compared to both our guidance. One of the things I think we called out in the fourth quarter call was that we kind of load up general corporate expense at the beginning of the year and, over the course of time, kind of re-guide the community as we understand how our experience comes in. You may recall that we had some favorable activity last year in 2011 as it relates to insurance experience, unfortunately, for several people, negative incentive comp, that kind of stuff. So as we go for full -- as we look at 2012, we fully go back to standards on things like that. And so as we understand what our experiences may be over the course of 2012, we'll give updated guidance on that component.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Sam, that's one of the areas that has been with us for -- and you guys have tended to drill in there a little bit, and I think John's comment is right on point. We tend to normalize certain of the accruals at the beginning of the year for a variety of things like profit sharing, incentive comp, medical. To the extent that we do a little better than that over the course of the year, we adjust that up and down but tend to start fairly conservative.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: A clarification on a question. Just in terms of clarification, can you -- to sort of help not have any confusion. In terms of POS, did April POS slow materially from 1Q POS?
Timothy Wadhams: No. I do not have that impression, Eric. And again, we haven't gotten into the depth of April at this point in time, but the impression that we have is that it has stayed relatively strong. And again, we'll have more information as we work our way through the quarter, through the -- our financial reviews and that type of thing. And the numbers aren't in yet, and we haven't seen all the data. But based on what we've heard from our folks in the field and their discussions with customers, our sense is that it has stayed relatively strong.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Great. And then in the packet, I think you commented that sequentially, Paint margins improved in 1Q versus 4Q. In Install, I think Install lost more in 1Q versus 4Q. So within Install, can you give a little bit of color of what's going on with pricing in that business and how you feel about the sort of profitability opportunity in that segment?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Sequentially, Eric, I think that a couple of things drove that. One is we had some favorable experience in the fourth quarter of last year in things like insurance. That kind of flipped on us in the first quarter too, kind of the same comments on our general corporate expense. When you start off the year, you've got higher -- things like payroll-related taxes and things like that that you have to account for. So that drives the negative comp there on a sequential basis.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. I think in terms of pricing, Eric, in that business, I think that we are certainly competitive. We have done a lot of things to provide some additional training to our salespeople. We've got some pretty neat programs on lead generation and that type of thing. So from that standpoint, as we think about that business, think about what it's been through, think about the full implementation of the ERP system last year and midyear, we're starting to see some benefits from that. We're starting to see some benefits from the relationship with Owens Corning in terms of supply chain. So our feeling is that if anything, we're as competitive as we've ever been in that channel at this point in time and certainly feel like we've got an excellent opportunity, particularly as it relates to some of the bigger builders. We've got some great relationships there, and the expectation is as the recovery continues that they'll continue to take share. Okay. Thanks, Eric. And Christie, that finalizes our comments. And we appreciate everybody taking part, and well look forward to talking to you at the end of our second quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's Masco Corporation First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-14 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst Joshua Wilson
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2011 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and simultaneously webcast. If you have not received the press release and supplemental information, they are available on Masco's website along with today's slide presentation under the Investor Relations section at www.masco.com. Before we begin managements presentation, the company wants to caution you that written and oral statements made in this presentation that reflect the company's views about its future performance constitute forward-looking statements. The company's actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements, and you are cautioned against relying on them. The company's future performance may be affected by factors discussed in the company's risk factors contained in the Form 10-K and its 10-Qs and in other filings with the company makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company also directs your attention to the note at the end of the earnings release, which contains a cautionary reminder about non-GAAP financial measures.  After a brief discussion by management, the call will be open for analyst questions. If we are unable to get to your question during the conference, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations office at (313) 792-5500. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Shalon, and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. I'm joined by John Sznewajs, our CFO, and if you would please flip to Slide #3. 2011 continued to be a challenging environment. We didn't see any lift in North American housing till very late in the year. Europe continued to be unsettled from an economic standpoint, again, particularly in the second part of the year, and we saw a mix shift in both of our major markets, less favorable. Commodity cost pressures were an issue for us. We ended the year with about $35 million of unfavorable relationship between price and commodities. And the retail environment continue to be very competitive, a lot of promotional activity. And while we had some businesses that performed very well, overall, our financial performance in 2011 was disappointing. We didn't get the improvement we anticipated in certain areas, and that was disappointing to us.  If you flip to Slide #4, I'll talk about some of our key financial data for the year. On a full year basis, our sales were flat. In the fourth quarter, we were up 1%. And to add a little color to that, our sales to key retail customers in the fourth quarter were down low single-digits. And if you adjust for some of the products that were exiting in Cabinets, we would have been up low single-digits. That's pretty much the same performance that we had in the third quarter.  And from a trend standpoint, for us, October was down slightly, but November, December, we started to see a little bit of improvement. We were up 3% in both of those months compared to the prior year. And as we head into 2012, we've got some nice momentum. We're up mid-single-digits in January, and that has continued into February. In terms of earnings per share, gross margins, operating profit, we adjust those amounts to normalize them for rationalization charges and other items, and those reconciliations are in the back of the Appendix. But for the full year, we were down $0.21 on an adjusted basis in terms of earnings per share. We were also off $114 million in terms of operating profit, again, on an adjusted basis, and $114 million at a 36% tax rate happens to be exactly $0.21. We think about that in 3 big buckets. Mix for us in 2011 was negative to the tune of about $45 million. Price/commodity relationships, as I mentioned earlier, were unfavorable to approximately $35 million. And we had under-absorbed overhead related to the product exit, the exit of the ready-to-assemble products in Cabinets, of about $15 million. In the fourth quarter, our operating profit was down $6 million from last year, and that's $0.01, and our earnings per share were $0.01 worse than last year. And again, mix was the big issue in the fourth quarter. Mix was negative for us in the amount of about $19 million. Working capital was a plus. We continue to do a good job of managing our working capital. We were down to 12.2% when you take receivables plus inventories less payables. And my sense is that that's probably an all-time Masco record. So our folks are doing a great job across the enterprise in terms of managing working capital. Cash flow was relatively weak for us at $71 million. This is free cash flow after CapEx and before dividend. And we had pretty significant swing in terms of deferred income taxes from year-to-year, which really had significant impact there. From a balance sheet standpoint, we ended the year with $1.7 billion of cash, so we're in a very good position from a liquidity standpoint. If you flip to Slide #5, please. And while the environment was tough and our financial results were not where we wish they were, we felt like we got a lot accomplished in 2011. We continued to rationalize our business. In the third quarter, we talked about the plant closures in our window group. On the West Coast, we talked about the planned disposition of some of our installation-related businesses. Those are in process. We also mentioned at that time that we thought we'd see headcount reduction in the fourth quarter of about 750. That actually came in at about 2,000 as we had some additional headcount reductions across several of our business units. As we mentioned in our press release, we completed the major restructuring of our North American Cabinet and Installation businesses, and we continued to invest in new products and programs, future growth opportunities, international growth and strengthening our brands. And we did successfully amend our credit agreement just yesterday to reflect some of the impairment charges that we took for goodwill and intangible assets. We believe that during the course of 2011, that we either held or improved our share position in most of our major categories. North American Cabinets would be one exception to that. We've talked about that in the past in terms of our big-box position, which we continue to be #1 in. And maybe a little bit earlier in the year in the terms of the dealer channel, a little bit of decline there, although we had some nice momentum coming out of the fourth quarter with some of the new dealers that we've attracted. If you flip to Slide #6, please. We'll take a look at Cabinets. And it was a tough year for Cabinets, both in North America and in Europe. If you exclude the impact of the product exits in the fourth quarter, our sales would have been up 2%. And on a full year basis, we would have been down 5%. Our profit on a full year basis was off $44 million, reflecting volume and mix in that number. That includes the exit of the ready-to-assemble product group, which was about $13 million in terms of under-absorbed overhead and negative mix of about $7 million. We did have a net profit improvement in that segment of about $20 million, which offset price/commodity relationships and drove the fourth quarter improvement, although somewhat modest in terms of impact. But we did have in the second half the year good performance in terms of profit improvement initiatives. If you flip to Slide #7. I want take a look at Cabinets in terms of what we think is possible in 2012. Obviously, this is a segment that's been a lot of focus for us, and we believe we got a very solid plan for improvement in 2012. Basically, in North America, we're done with the restructuring. And if we go through the math here, it assumes a flat housing and retail environment in 2012, and we'll talk about that as we work our way through the analysis. If we segregate international and North American business, you can see in North America, we estimate that last year, we did about $860 million in sales and lost about $75 million, again, on an adjusted basis. The product exits that I mentioned earlier cost us about $13 million, and so from a core loss standpoint, that takes us down to $62 million. We've got net profit improvements that we've identified and very clear line of sight to those that we estimate will be about $30 million over the course of the year. We also believe, even in a flat environment, that we should see some top side opportunity.  As I mentioned, we've got some momentum in the dealer channel. And as we've discussed in the past, we've done, I think, a pretty nice job of adding dealers to our Dealer Advantage Program. We're starting to see some traction with them. We also talked a little bit at the end of the third quarter about the launch of our vanity programs and our countertop programs predominantly on the East Coast. So we think, on a net basis, we ought to see, even in a flat market, about $30 million of incremental volume, and that would equate to about $10 million of incremental profit. If you put all that together, that results in a estimated loss of just a little bit over $20 million. And I would point out, in that number is about $7 million of cost related to idle facilities that we have, the carrying cost and then most of that is noncash. I would also point out that, as I mentioned earlier, we're talking about a flat environment. To the extent we see any improvement in housing this year, and blue chip consensus has gone up the last couple of months, I think it's at 7 20 at this point in time. And we certainly hope that that's correct, or maybe we'll even see a little better activity. But if you think about a 50,000-start improvement in housing on a lag basis, we estimate that that would generate about $25 million of top line and about $8 million to $10 million in additional profit. Again, just to give you a perspective of what we think might be possible. Europe, as you can see at the top of the chart here, in 2011 was $370 million of sales and about $40 million of loss on an adjusted basis. We've identified at this point about $7 million of profit improvement opportunities that we have very good line of sight to. The issue around Europe continues to be the unsettled economic conditions there. My sense is that we can improve more than that $7 million this year. We're working very hard to make that happen. But given some of the top line concerns that we've got, we'll be able to develop a little more information as we move through the year and see how things kind of play out, again, from a demand standpoint. If you flip to Slide #8. This is Installation and Other Services. Again, another segment that has been hit very hard in terms of the downturn. It had a tough year, but we did see some very nice improvement in the second half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter sales were up 12%, and we benefited from residential Installation share gains and the continued expansion of our retrofit and commercial business.  Fourth quarter sales also benefited from an increase in lag housing starts of approximately 6%. Operating margins in the fourth quarter were favorably impacted, and for the full year, by incremental volume and profit improvement initiatives, and the guys continue to do a nice job of cost takeout in this segment. If you flip to Slide #9. This gives you a little bit of a perspective as to what we think is possible in terms of improvement in this segment during the year. We've got some nice momentum going into 2012, and we expect that we can continue to improve, even in a flat market, again, the basic assumption here. We closed 12 branches late in the fourth quarter, early first quarter. Those will cost us a little bit of top line but will save us about $6 million in operating loss from 2011. We also believe that we'll have a net profit improvement of about $20 million in this segment. Again, as I've mentioned, and as I think you know, they've done a pretty good job of cost take-out over the last several years.  We also think that even in a flat environment that we should see some incremental revenue in this segment. We're estimating, on a net basis, that that'll be about $40 million, and that's driven by share gains and in continued penetration in terms of retrofit and commercial. And you can see here that we're estimating that we think the incremental profit on that would be about $10 million. So we're looking to cut the loss in half, effectively, from $70 million to approximately $30 million based on the actions that we've talked about here in a flat market. To the extent that we see any lift in terms of housing starts, 50,000 starts on a lag basis would generate for us about $50 million of revenue incrementally and about $12 million to $15 million of incremental profit. If you flip to Slide #10, Plumbing Products. Sales were up 2% in the fourth quarter. Sales increase was driven by volume for the full year. We were up 8% for the full year on price increases, and for the full year, we did have about $70 million of positive effect of currency. In the fourth quarter, our European operations were much slower than they have been for the first 3 quarters of the year. We're starting to see some of the impact of the slowdown in the European economies, and so we didn't get a lot of lift. And in fact, I think Europe was essentially flat in the fourth quarter for us in this segment. Having said that, faucets in North America were up low double-digits in the fourth quarter, so we saw some nice penetration there. And I think we talked a little earlier about the load-in in terms of some of the new product opportunities that our Delta and Peerless brands have been able to win.  Operating margins were down in the quarter from 10.6% to 8.3% and down on a full year basis from 12.9% to 11.6%. And the biggest issue impacting our business in this segment, and that's been pretty consistent all year, has been mix. Mix cost us about roughly $40 million on a full year basis in this segment and cost us about $12 million in the fourth quarter.  In the fourth quarter, we had some additional spend that was a little bit unusual for Hansgrohe. We had some costs related to the change in their corporate status, which doesn't have a lot of impact on anything other than their corporate status in Germany. And we had some additional spend related to a building purchase in China that relates to some lease accounting, and that was about -- those aggregated about $4 million in the quarter. If you flip to Slide #11. We're off to a very strong start in 2012 in Plumbing in North America. I mentioned Europe continues to be a little bit slow. And as we go into 2012, we'll continue to focus on supply chain, brand strengthening and international expansion. If you flip to Slide #12, Decorative Architectural Products. Sales in this segment were up in the fourth quarter, about 4%, down 1% on a full year basis. Our sales for the full year and fourth quarter were impacted by reduced volumes, and that includes the loss of the Walmart business. We talked about that. That affects both Paint and our hardware business, and that was down on a full year basis about $50 million, $55 million in terms of sales. We did benefit from price increases in this segment, and that's what really drove the increase in terms of the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis. Operating margins, we were down, as I mentioned, 14.9% to 10.1% in the quarter, 20.7% to 16.9% for the full year, and that's reflected in terms of volume declines over the course of the year and unfavorable price/commodity relationships. We were about negative 10% in the fourth quarter and about negative 15% on a full year basis. And we also incurred some cost for strategic growth and program-related cost during the year, $4 million in the fourth quarter, $14 million on a full year basis. If you flip to Slide #13. A very competitive environment that we've been experiencing in terms of the Paint opportunities that we have. A lot of new products out there, a lot of promotional activity taking place. Together, The Home Depot, our channel partner, and Behr have focused on growth for both the DIY and the Pro segment in terms of our business opportunities and really put a lot of emphasis on share gain in the second half of the year. Given the extreme nature of commodity cost and after we, Masco, have worked very hard on productivity improvements with our -- and also -- from an internal perspective and also with our suppliers in terms of cost, we are in the process at this point in time of increasing prices for Paint with all of our customers and across all of our products. That process started early February and should be concluded in the early second quarter. The weather has helped. There's no question about that. And we're off to a strong start in 2012, and we expect 2012 to benefit from the continued growth of our Pro initiative. We've got new product launches that began in the first quarter and are continuing through -- or excuse me, in the fourth quarter of 2011 and continuing through the first quarter. We're rolling out a new colorant with low VOCs in all The Home Depot stores. We've upgraded our Premium Plus Interior line with some self-priming attributes and also 0 VOC. And our #1-rated Premium Plus Ultra Interior line, which is paint and primer in one, we've added an improved stain-blocking capability to that paint. And those products will all be rolled out by the end of the first quarter. Last year, as I mentioned, we spent about $10 million in support of our Pro and international opportunities, and we also launched Kilz Pro-X in the first part of 2011.  And we continue to execute at a very high level. An independent consumer evaluation recently continued to rate Behr and Kilz very highly in terms of both quality and value, and we continue to enjoy fill rates in excess of 99% in terms of delivery. So we're excited about the opportunities, off to a good start in 2012 and, as I mentioned, should have pricing in place by late first quarter, early second quarter. If you flip to Slide #14, Other Specialty Products were down 11% in the fourth quarter, down 3% for the full year. The fourth quarter decline reflects the exploration of the tax credit in late 2010. There was a little bit of a push in terms of top line. Our operating profit drop of $3 million in the fourth quarter really relates to the decline in sales. We -- from a full year standpoint, we were off $15 million. We've talked about some of the volume declines, some of the costs that we've incurred for new product launches, geographic expansion and modestly unfavorable product mix -- or excuse me -- yes, product mix in this segment. If you flip to Slide #15. And as we think about Other Specialty Products in 2012, we mentioned -- I mentioned earlier that we closed 3 plants in the fourth quarter. That obviously caused a little bit of disruption, but we're through most of that at this point in time, and we expect to realize some benefits from that. I think we estimated about $7 million the last time we were together. We'll continue to manage our supply chain. We continue to do a great job in terms of window share, both in the U.S.A. and the United Kingdom. We continue to grow there, and we continue to execute on growth opportunities for Texas and Western Canada expansion. We also have some retail opportunities in terms of both the United Kingdom and the U.S., but we'll talk about those as they develop over time. If you flip to Slide #16. Talk a little bit about some of the information that we shared with you for your modeling. We're estimating that in 2012, rationalization charges will be approximately $20 million based on what we know today. And again, as I mentioned earlier and we mentioned in the press release, most of the major restructuring we believe is behind us at this point in time. We do anticipate a slight increase or about a $20 million increase in terms of general corporate expense, and that's a similar situation to what we had last year. I think we mentioned last year that we expect it to be up a little bit. That's usually representative of the normalization of some of our accruals for things like insurance, health benefits, worker's comp, variable compensation, things of that nature, where we might have had more favorable results than our normal trend line. And hopefully, we're a little bit conservative there. We're estimating that CapEx will be about $180 million in 2012, and the rest of it is pretty straightforward.  If you flip to Slide #17, just a couple of quick comments before we open up the lines for Q&A. In 2012, we will continue to focus on investing to drive future growth, strengthening our leadership brands, driving supply chain and lean benefits and strengthening our balance sheet. We've got some debt due in July of this year. And as we've mentioned before, our intent is to refi about $400 million of that and pay down the rest with internal cash, and executing on new product launches along with our Cabinet and Installation profit improvement initiatives. As I mentioned, we're off to a solid start in 2012. January sales were up mid-single-digits. As I mentioned, that's continued into February. Housing activity seems to be picking up, and that's certainly very encouraging. And we're very focused on improving our execution in 2012, and we expect improving results as we work our way through the year.  And with that, we'll open up the lines for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll have our first question from Peter Lisnic with Robert W. Baird.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Tim, I just wanted to get a feel for -- if we look for -- at Plumbing and Paint for 2012, can you give us an idea of what price and growth spending might do to the incremental profitability outlook there for '12?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. In terms of -- let's start with the Decorative Architectural segment, where Paint is. Yes, I would guess there, Pete, that we'll -- definitely see some pressure in terms of price/commodity relationships in the first quarter. As I mentioned, we're in the process of implementing price increases at this point in time, and TiO2's been very volatile. But as we get those prices in place, we should be in good shape as we work our way through the rest of the year. In terms of incremental growth spend, we do not anticipate any incremental growth spend in 2012 compared to 2011. So we shouldn't see anything incremental there. In Plumbing, we finished the year with a positive price/commodity relationship in the fourth quarter. On a full year basis, we were down in that segment about $15 million, and that really relates to the hedge. So in the second half the year, we started to see some improvement minus the hedge in terms of price/commodity, and I would expect it to carry forward into 2012. The -- copper's gone up a little bit, but our sense is that we'll be working -- we usually have about a 2-quarter lag in terms of significant price volatility there. So my sense is that if things stay where they are, we ought to see a more positive relationship and recapture some of the negative impact from last year. And we don't see any additional growth initiative spend in that segment either as we go into this year. I mean, there'll be -- there are programs that we're supporting. We probably spent about $25 million in that segment last year, I think, but don't anticipate anything incremental as we get into 2012.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Perfect. And then just as the follow-up question. In Cabinets, in terms of the forecast or hypothetical that you laid out, how subject is that to the pricing environment improving or remaining stable with kind of where it's at currently?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. There -- I don't think we are anticipating any significant price increases going into 2012, Pete. We had some in the latter part of last year. One of the bigger issues in our Cabinet group is really international. I talked a little bit about top line risk, certainly given some of the economic issues that we face in the markets that we serve over there. The other issue that's been a big deal for us there has been the particleboard issue with our Danish ready-to-assemble manufacturer. We had some negative price/commodity impact throughout the year. My sense is they have been able to get some price, so we'll be able to offset part of that. But that would be a little bit of a potential headwind as well. Pete?
Operator: We'll go next to Nishu Sood, Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask a first question about the Milgard segment and the goodwill write-down that you took there. The energy tax credits have obviously pulled forward some sales and then depressed sales this year. So I was just wondering, as you evaluated the business, was that something that was taken into account? I mean, obviously, you would expect some rebound in sales as the effect of that kind of begins to comp into the past.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think, Pete, that's really -- or excuse me, Nishu, that's really a longer-term situation. You might remember when we discussed that segment in the third quarter, we mentioned that we closed 3 of our manufacturing facilities. And the real driver for that was really our perception -- and hopefully, we're wrong -- our perception that the recovery in housing in the Western markets, given some of the problems that they have, would be a little slower than it would be in other areas of the country. Now as we all know, that can change pretty dramatically, but that was really part of our logic, along with some improvements we've made in logistics and supply chain where we feel like we could certainly absorb the top line opportunities from those plants. So it's really more of a reduction in terms of what we think the longer-term dynamics are in the Western markets more than anything else.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. Great. And also, I wanted to ask about Liberty Hardware. I mean, when we talk about Decorative Architectural, most of the time, we're talking about Behr, which obviously dominates that division. But especially in light of the goodwill markdown on Liberty as well, I wanted to ask how trends have been there and how that's contributed to volatility in that division's results.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. We were down in terms of top line, Nishu, at Liberty over the past year, but there's -- that tends to be driven a lot by very large programs. You win some, and then sometimes you lose a few. And we have been very active. I think we probably spent close to $5 million or $6 million related to new displays for Liberty as we go into 2012. We've got new bath hardware as well as kitchen hardware, cabinet hardware, if you will, that will be launching in that. We're using the Delta brand in a couple of situations in terms of bath. And we've got some really good programs going into this year, and in fact, they're off to a very good start in January, a very good start. So we should see some improvement in that segment as both Liberty and Behr are off to a very good start in the early part of this year.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Rehaut, JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question has to do with your projections or estimates regarding starts and how that translates into sales for both Installation and Cabinets. My question is around the composition of that starts, because certainly, single-family is a different type of start versus multifamily when you talk about larger 2,000-square-foot homes versus apartments. So I mean, how should we think about -- when you talked about the general increase in starts, a lot of the increase recently has been more driven by multifamily. Should we think of that more that -- I mean, is there a difference in revenue component? Is it -- the 50,000, I mean, should we think of that more as -- if it's a normal single-family-driven type start? Or maybe you can kind of discuss for both segments what the overall exposure is to single versus multi and if there are differences in revenue exposure.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. There are differences, Mike, and we did try to factor that into our revenue increase assumption. For example, from an Installation standpoint, typically, single-family is about $2,000 a job. A multifamily job is about $800. So there's a fairly significant change there, if you will. And you can imagine, in terms of cabinets, less bathrooms, et cetera, certainly much less content. So we try to factor that in. And I believe our assumptions are based on a mix of about 70-30 in terms of single-family versus multifamily. Our sense is that multifamily in the fourth quarter was probably closer to maybe 35% in terms of mix. I think on the full year basis, it was in the high 20s, but we've used roughly 30%. So we could be off there a little bit, but I wouldn't think that, that would be that dramatic. So we did try to factor that in when we estimated what we thought incremental revenue might look like as a deduct.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. The second question on the Cabinet breakdown -- and the breakdown of the international within that in terms of 2011 was extremely helpful. But I noticed that you focused on North America in terms of the potential opportunities for improvements, and I was wondering if you could comment on the international segment, Europe. Certainly, things are slowing there. Do you -- what are you expecting for the operating profit? I mean, if sales continue to drift south, would that operating profit or operating loss increase? Or are there initiatives that you have in that region as well?
Timothy Wadhams: No. There are definitely initiatives, Mike. You might remember that we, probably about 14 months ago, replaced the leadership at both of those businesses: one in the United Kingdom; one in the -- our Danish facility. And so we've got new leadership in place. We've got, in effect, some new leadership team members, but again, in very demanding circumstances relative to the top line there. As we mentioned, we lost about $40 million on an adjusted basis last year. We've taken a lot of actions in the latter part of the year, particularly related to our Danish facility. We closed the plants in the fourth quarter, so that should give us some benefit going into the next year. And I did identify or mention about $7 million of cost reductions that we've identified at this point in time. That is not to suggest that we don't think that we can improve those beyond that point. I just don't want to get out ahead of ourselves at this point in time given some of the uncertainty around the top line and get any more direct, if you will, in terms of what we think is possible there. We certainly recognize that that's a big knot in terms of the loss, and we'll be working really hard to make that -- decrease that as much as we possibly can. I think I also mentioned that we got some pricing in the latter part of the year. We've done some things to rationalize our product group with the Danish facility. We've got some new technology in there from a ramping standpoint. So we think there are some opportunities, but still a very unsettled, very uncertain kind of environment.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And to that, can you just describe the sales progression in terms of growth in the international Cabinets throughout the year? I mean, I would assume that perhaps in the first half of '11, it was maybe year-over-year positive, and it turned to year-over-year negative into the fourth quarter. Is that correct? Maybe you can give us a degree of magnitude.
Timothy Wadhams: I don't know. John, maybe you've got that detail?
John G. Sznewajs: No, I mean -- but looking at first half, second half, Mike, we did see a little bit of deceleration into the second half of the year as things in Europe got a little bit more unsettled. But as you might think, as Tim mentioned, we've got one unit in the U.K. That economy has been relatively stable. I mean, it's not -- it's like the U.S., nothing real dramatic either one way or the other. It's more our Danish operation that experienced the fall-off in the back half of the year.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. One more question, if I could. The Paint increase, do you expect that to kind of roughly offset the incremental TiO2 costs in 2012? Or would you expect it to result in a net positive by the time we get to the second half?
Timothy Wadhams: We would anticipate it would be offset, Mike.
Operator: We'll go next to Dennis McGill, Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: The question -- first question, just around the comments you made about January and February being up mid-single. It sounded like -- well, we know international is a drag in general in the fourth quarter. What would the domestic numbers look like against that single? And can you also talk product categories, maybe what you're seeing at the extremes?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I can tell you, Dennis -- I can go back and break it down, but you're right. International is basically kind of flat to down in terms of what we saw in January. But I can tell you, when we look at our Decorative segment, that is up double-digits. I can tell you that in Plumbing, that's up nicely going into the first part of the year. So most of the strength is at retail in some of our remodel activity but also some very good numbers related to the installation-related business. So we're pretty much across the board. I'd say windows was probably a little bit slower in terms of what we're seeing in the other categories, but some pretty good momentum as we move into February.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Okay. The second question would be around the Decorative Architectural segment and I guess, sort of 2 parts, one's a quick one. On the Paints and stains business, what's the split between paints and stains? And then separately, as you think about the margin in the quarter being pretty disappointing, I would think the inventory cost would have been known going into the quarter. And rather than pursue price increases retroactively, how can we think about the ability to offset commodity inflation ahead of time, as opposed to trying to get it after the fact? And along those lines, was the margin performance in the quarter what you would have expected going into the quarter? Or were there any puts and takes relative to those expectations?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. I would say that the margin was somewhat consistent with what we anticipated, Dennis. One of the things that's kind of important when you think about the fourth quarter in that segment is that typically, sales -- second and third quarter's where we see the significant sales and tend to have a big drop in the fourth quarter. And because labor is a very, very small part of their cost structure, you don't get a lot of leverage in terms of the decline. So we tend to end up in what you might kind of consider under-absorbed overhead from that perspective. So -- and that's been pretty traditional if you go back over time, I mean, and look at margin sequence. We did have, as I mentioned, unfavorable price/commodity relationship in the fourth quarter in that segment. And so from that standpoint, I'd say we probably came in about what we anticipated when we went into the quarter, given what we anticipated demand was going to be. But having said that, we did get some really good traction, as I mentioned, coming out of the blocks and in terms of early 2012. Your question on paints and stains in terms of the composition there, this is more off the top of my head, but I'm going to guess that stains are probably less than 20% easy, maybe 15%.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. I think about the 20% range.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, mid-20%, Dennis.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. And I guess kind of one thing to add to Tim's comments about the quarter, we did incur some incremental advertising in the quarter to the tune of about $4 million or $5 million that we probably didn't anticipate going into the quarter.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just to clarify a comment you made earlier on the market share gains. If you exclude the Walmart business, did you gain share in Paints and stains for the year?
Timothy Wadhams: We would estimate, Dennis, that we held our own. I think that we may have seen a little dip early midyear just in terms of some of the new product introductions that came out, but we estimate in the fourth quarter, we gained. And as we look at it overall from a full year standpoint, we think we were basically about flat in terms of share. But having said that, as I mentioned, we've got some new products coming out as we go into 2012, and there should be some opportunity there. The weather, obviously, has been a little bit helpful. So we're in a real strong spot.
Operator: We'll move on to Keith Hughes, SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Question in installed products. There was an attempt at a pretty substantial increase in Installation prices midyear last year. Did you take that price increase to your customers? And were you successful in getting it through?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. In terms of price increases, Keith, we have been able, historically, to offset price increases, either through working with our suppliers or passing them along. So for us, that's generally been the way we've handled that and haven't had a lot of negative impact in terms of price/commodities.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And so I mean, we're talking double-digits they were talking about last year. Was that something you were able to push through?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, as I mentioned, we -- one way or another, we were able to offset price, yes.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you gained share in that business in the fourth quarter. Is that -- what was the driver of the share gain?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we actually -- the way we look at it, Keith, from a -- and again, we can get a pretty good feel for residential Installation. Some of the diversified products are a little bit tougher, but we believe that we were up in share in all 4 quarters last year. And the fourth quarter, we had the benefit of both share gains as well as the increase in lag starts. But we mentioned a year ago or so that when -- we had some challenges in terms of 2010 with share. We talked a little bit about that. As we worked our way through the year, talked a little bit about adding some resources. The guys have done a tremendous job in terms of organizational alignment, training programs for salespeople, discipline in terms of accountability, and we're starting to see the benefits of that. We simplified the business. We've gotten out of a lot of the diversified products that were a little bit more of a distraction. And retrofit's going well. The commercial side is going well, so we're very encouraged, even at these kind of levels, in terms of what might be possible going forward.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And final question on this. The year-over-year gain and the operating or loss or improvement in operating loss. Was Installation the primary driver for that, the negative 6% versus negative 19% in prior year?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. I wouldn't necessarily say totally Installation. I mean, I think we got distribution in that segment. We've got retrofit. We've got commercial. So when you look at all 4 of those together, I think all 4 of those were hitting very well in the fourth quarter. The Installation would have been a bigger piece of it because of the increase in lag starts and the fact that we've increased share.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And it's just a bigger piece of the business, too. That's kind of...
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, exactly.
Operator: We'll go next to David Goldberg, UBS.
Unknown Analyst: This is actually Michael Clark [ph] on for David Goldberg. You mention increased competition in Paint during the quarter. Was there any signs of that easing towards the latter part or even recently? Given that you plan to increase price, how are you thinking this is going to translate, especially in terms of market share?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, in terms of increased competition, what I did mention is that midyear, we started to see some products come out that were comparable to our Paint and Primer in One. We launched that about what? 2 years ago?
John G. Sznewajs: 2010.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, 2 years ago. And obviously, that has been a very positive impact on the marketplace. We saw some competitive product that claimed to have similar properties. And so there was a little bit of activity there and a little bit -- a fair amount of promotional activity. So that really took place more -- earlier in the year. And as I mentioned, we felt like -- that we might have been down a little bit in share but got that back in the fourth quarter and ended the year basically flat from that standpoint. And so from that position, we continue to be the #1 paint in the do-it-yourself market. In terms of pricing, going forward, I don't see that putting any -- putting us at a competitive disadvantage. Almost all of the competitors in that channel have raised prices over time. And that -- we don't control the retail side of that. I mean, we basically are implementing price increases to our channel partners, and that's across all customers and all products.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Also, I'm trying to understand the effect of the unfavorable mix in Plumbing, kind of what's driving that. Is it due more to increasing multifamily starts versus single-family? And kind of what efforts you're making to respond to this trend and what you think needs to happen to kind of reverse this unfavorable mix that's going on.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Michael, that's really related to -- primarily related to our Hansgrohe operation, which is headquartered in Germany and which is international in scope. And there's a couple of things that transpired there. One is that as they -- they originally were a shower systems manufacturer, and they have moved more into faucets over time. And so there is -- there's a lower margin on faucets than there are in shower systems. So as we continue to see more faucets as part of the mix, we have a little bit of mix-related impact. The other thing that they do is they have done a very nice job of penetrating new markets, typically in foreign locations, other countries, and oftentimes go in with what I'd kind of describe as entry-level products, which often are more of an opening-price-point type of situation. And from that standpoint, what we typically see is as we enter those markets -- and they've been very active there. As those markets mature and develop, we're able to place additional products in terms of -- and move up the scale a little bit, if you will, in terms of price points. So from that standpoint, it's really a little bit like a cost for future growth. And that's been going on now for some time. Having said that, Hansgrohe had a tremendous year last year. They had record sales. They also had very strong profitability, but most of that mix-related issue is in that particular business.
Operator: We'll have that from Josh Wilson, Raymond James.
Joshua Wilson: Filling in for Sam Darkatsh this morning. Most of my questions have been answered, but I wanted to dig into the Paint business a little bit more. You said commodity inflation was the big issue, and we talked some about these price increases offsetting your commodity expectations. But does that mean you expect margins in 2012 for that segment to recover to 2010 levels? Or what will it -- how long will it take for that to happen?
Timothy Wadhams: I wouldn't necessarily want to predict margins in that segment. Obviously, as we get back to higher volumes, we've got high contribution margins. That will help us in that segment. But one of the things that is evident there is as we continue to grow in terms of our Paint initiatives, that tends to have a little lower margin. And so from our standpoint, our real focus has been on growth. We want to try to grow that segment. We're investing internationally. We're investing in the Pro. Both of those will probably have lower margins as we continue to develop those opportunities, but we think very, very attractive returns in terms of return on asset. So we may see, over time, some decline in absolute margin. But our thought would be that if we can grow our absolute profit dollars, get a good return on the assets, we'll continue to create value for our shareholders.
Joshua Wilson: Okay. That's helpful. And then just to get an update on -- last I heard, I believe it was not your intent to hire a new COO. Is that still the case?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Yes, we did not replace that position. Okay, thank you. And thank all of you for joining us today. We appreciate your attendance. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Donald J. Demarie - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joshua K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Ivy Lynne Zelman - Zelman & Associates, Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Masco Corporation 2011 Third Quarter Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and simultaneously webcast. If you have not received the press release and supplemental information, they are available on Masco's website, along with today's slide presentation under the Investors Relations section at www.masco.com. Before we begin managements presentation, the company wants to direct your attention to the current slide and the note at the end of the earnings release, which are cautionary reminders about statements that reflect the companys views about its future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures. After a brief discussion by management, the call will be open for analysts' questions. If we are unable to get to your question during this time, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations office at (313)792-5500.  I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Debbie, and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's third quarter earnings call. I'm joined by Donnie Demarie, our Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer; and John Sznewajs, our CFO. And if you would please flip to Slide #3. The operating environment for our businesses continues to be challenging as commodity cost pressures, a very competitive retail environment and depressed consumer confidence continue to impact our performance. In this challenging environment, we continue to strengthen our market positions. We believe that we maintained or gain share in our major product categories. We've introduced new products and programs and gotten some very nice industry recognition, which we'll talk about as we work our way through the presentation. And we've taken some additional actions to strengthen our position in several of our markets.  And if you flip to Slide #4, I want to talk about some of the things that have transpired here over the last couple of months. As it relates to Milgard, our window business in the Western United States, in September, we exited our glass business. We also, in October, closed -- announced the closure of 3 of our manufacturing facilities. That's going to cost us, we estimate about $30 million, of which about $5 million will be cash. And we expect to save, on an annual basis, about $7 million, give or take. Those actions, together with some other actions that we've taken in other business units, should result in headcount reductions of about 750 for the period September through the end of the year. Obviously, those continue to be very, very difficult issues, difficult decisions, but certainly necessary in the environment that we're in.  We also announced in our press release the divestiture of 4 of our non-core diversified products businesses and service businesses in our Installation segment that includes framing, commercial drywall and millwork. Those businesses will show up in our discontinued ops line in the fourth quarter. We'll be restating the prior year periods. From a modeling perspective, I think you can assume about $100 million of top line in terms of sales and about $20 million of operating losses related to those businesses. Now that operating loss number could move a little bit as we get into some of the detail based on allocations, may be intercompany activity, that type of thing. But again, I think that's pretty good guidance in terms of modeling.  If you flip to Slide #5, our sales in the quarter were up 3%. We benefited from foreign currency by about $40 million and that basically offsets the planned product exits in cabinets for our ready-to-assemble business, which was a negative 38 in the quarter. If you exclude the rationalization charges, gains on financial investments, impairment charges and normalize our tax rate, our earnings would have been $0.08 a share compared to $0.11 in the third quarter of 2010. We did not include in that reconciliation the impact of the metal hedge. We lost $10 million in the third quarter of 2011. We had income of $4 million in the third quarter of 2010. And again, those are not in the reconciliation of EPS. That cost us about $0.02 in the third quarter of 2011, and eliminating the gain in the third quarter of 2010 would not move the $0.11. It's still rounds to $0.11. On a reported basis, we made $0.10 a share compared to a loss of $0.02 last year, and we ended the quarter with $1.6 billion of cash.  And if you flip to Slide #6, please. In terms of gross profit and operating profit, on an adjusted basis, we were down 180 basis points in gross margin, and again that does not include any impact from the hedge. If you were to pro forma the hedge into that adjusted number, the difference would have been about 100 basis points. In terms of operating profit, down 110 basis points, as adjusted on this slide. Again, if we include the hedge impact, that would've narrowed to about 40 basis points, third quarter last year to third quarter this year.  A couple of additional comments that I'd like to make. International sales were up 4% in local currency and we continue to have double-digit margins there, although down from last year. We've got some negative mix and we'll talk about that when we get to the plumbing segment. Sales to key retail customers were down low-single digit. And if you back out the impact of the product exit, we would have been up low-single digit. And from a trend standpoint, the first quarter on that same basis, again, without the impact of the RTA exiting cabinet, first quarter sales to key retail customers would have been down low-single digits, second quarter would have been flat and third quarter would have been up low-single digit. Now, again, the second half of the year comparisons are a bit easier than the first half this year. Sales, up $50 million. We expect about $15 million of incremental operating profit. We're down $18 million, so that really suggests about a $33 million shortfall, if you will, on that kind of basis. That's really explained in 3 different buckets. Price commodity, including the hedge, was negative, slightly below $10 million. Our mix was negative in the quarter, about $16 million and we had program cost. And again, we'll talk about those items as we work our way through the segments. But almost all of that on a net basis is reflected in the plumbing segment.  If you flip to Slide #7, a couple of points here. We talked about the reconciled numbers. We also mentioned that the hedge is not in the $0.08 and $0.11, including that would be $0.10 this year versus $0.11 last year. We did have on the pro forma here, we backed out $0.03 of gains from our portfolio of financial investments. We're making a lot of good progress there incidentally, and I think we're down below $100 million in terms of assets on the balance sheet. So we're making very good progress there.  If you flip to Slide #8, cabinets. We were down 14%. Excluding the planned product exits, we would have been down about 4%, and we had about $8 million benefit in terms of foreign currency translation on the top line. We were able to hold even with sales down, we had no incremental loss. We had a nice job in the quarter related to profit improvement programs. That offset a little bit of unfavorable mix and a modest negative in terms of price/commodity relationships.  If you flip to Slide #9, we continue to benefit from the integration of our North American cabinet businesses. We're on track to realize the approximate $35 million-plus of savings by the end of next year. In the retail and dealer channels in North America, still a lot of promotional activity. European markets continue to be very, very challenging for our businesses. Obviously, we're all aware of some of the discussions in Europe relative to Greece and some of the other issues around the European Union, but our businesses are having a difficult time.  We believe from a share perspective relative to cabinets, that we continue to gain traction in the dealer and big builders segment. We continue to have a bit of a challenge at lower price points in terms of our big-box customers, but did have a very good quarter at the higher end as it relates to the KraftMaid brand at -- for the big-box consumers. Countertop model continues to gain some traction.  And if you would flip to Slide #10. We've got some highlights here from 3 programs that we have: 2 with Lowe's, 1 with Home Depot; 1 of the Lowe's program, 1 of the Home Depot programs are for vanities and tops. And getting a lot of good traction here, really working out well for us and for our key customers here. And the vanity programs are really driven more towards bath remodeling, which typically is a little bit smaller project which consumers are a little bit more likely at this point in time in the cycle to undertake as opposed to maybe a major kitchen remodel program. But again, getting a lot of good traction here. And the top-bottom program is also, as we mentioned in the past, resonating with larger builders. If you flip to Slide #11. Plumbing products, our sales were up 12% in the quarter. We did have about $30 million of benefit from foreign currency translation. Without that benefit, we would have been up about 8%. So that was certainly a plus. Margins, as adjusted for rationalization charges, are down from 14.6% to 12%, but I would point out that the hedge impacts these numbers. If we were to exclude the negative $10 million in the third quarter of 2011 and exclude the $4 million positive in the third quarter of 2010, we'd be comparing 14% to 13.3% in terms of margin. We did have unfavorable price/commodity relationship in this segment from the quarter, driven in large part by the hedge. Had we not had the hedge, we would have been a little bit positive. Mix continues to be unfavorable in this segment. That was about $13 million. And we continue to incur cost for some of the programs that we're launching, including faucet programs, as well as plumbing supply-related programs. If you flip to Slide #12. We continue to invest in brand building, new product development and international growth and feel really good about the traction we're getting in North America in terms of share with the Delta, Peerless and Brizo brands. Also doing a good job from a share standpoint with hot tubs. We continue to extend the Peerless and Delta brands to additional product categories, including tubs, shower surrounds, bathing systems and hardware.  And we're really, really proud, if you flip to Slide 13, that Delta was recognized as the WaterSense Partner of the Year by the EPA. And again, very proud of that distinction. I think that's the first time that we've been recognized for that award, and certainly very proud of that and certainly appreciate the efforts of our full-set Delta faucet. If you flip to Slide #14, installation and other services. Net sales were up 8% and I think it's been a while since we were able to make that comment. But we were up 8% in the quarter against lag starts of a negative 5%. So we saw some very good movement there in terms of share gains. Margins continue to be impacted by unfavorable price/commodity relationships, and that really relates more to products that we distribute as opposed to products that we install and we had a slight mix negative in the quarter.  If you flip to Slide #15, we gained share year-over-year. You might remember last year at this time, we talked about maybe being underrepresented in certain areas. We've added some people in terms of sale side of things and that's starting to pay off. We continue to a do really good job on the retrofit side and in fact, we integrated our WellHome business into the Masco contracting services business to eliminate some costs and some overhead, and also to help leverage our capabilities in WellHome as we continue to pursue retrofit opportunities and that's going really, really well for us. We increased our penetration of multi-family and continue to do a good job with the larger builders. And I mentioned earlier that we are divesting businesses at our non-core in terms of diversified products.  If you flip to Slide #16, decorative architectural products. Sales were down 2% in that segment and I would point out that we continue to be impacted by the loss of the Wal-Mart business, and that affects both paint and builders hardware. And the markets for paint have been relatively soft. I think in the first half of the year, gallons were down about 8%, as I recall and I -- my sense is that's probably continued into the third quarter to a certain degree.  Commodity pressures continue. We've talked about the issues around TiO2 in terms of availability as well as cost. Resins continue to be a bit of a challenge, but we were neutral in this segment in terms of price/commodity relationship in the quarter. We continue to be impacted by investments, costs that we're incurring for new programs and costs that we're incurring to -- that include international expansion and our pursuit in terms of the professional painter. But a relatively good performance just in terms of overall operating performance in that segment.  If you flip to Slide 17. We continue to incur near-term costs to expand the top line in both paint and hardware. And we had good traction with the Direct to Pro program at The Home Depot. We continue to invest in new products and merchandising innovation, and we're focused on international expansion in terms of paint, as I mentioned earlier. Liberty has got some new programs that they'll be launching and we'll be talking more about them -- those in subsequent quarters. And we're really proud that Home Depot recognized Behr in their recent vendor meeting as the "Partner of the Year" for the paint department, and a good job by the Behr team there as well. If you flip to Slide #18, other specialty products. Sales in this segment were up about $2 million and that was really driven by foreign currency translation, which increased sales by $2 million. So essentially flat with our bath. Had a really good performance here in terms of operating profit. We had favorable price/commodity relationships, which are really driven by a reduction in rebates and also had a nice job in this segment from a cost standpoint in terms of profit improvement program.  And if you flip to Slide #19. We believe that Milgard continues to outperform the Western markets in terms of repair/remodel new home construction. We're gaining share. We also continue to expand into Texas and Western Canada, and we've had some really good product introductions. Milgard was recognized by Window & Door magazine for the most innovative new window for a large manufacturer, and we're really pleased with that. We talked earlier about the exit of the glass business. The business in September, the closure of the plants in the October time frame. Our U.K. Window Group continues to do a nice job in terms of share and in fact, it's a little early, but we'll probably be able to talk about a pretty nice win they've got going that's developing for them in terms of a retail opportunity in the next couple of quarters, and we launched at Lowe's the Arrow T50 Elite staple gun.  If you flip to Slide 20. This gives you a little bit of a perspective in terms of the Essence Windows Series, which won the award that I mentioned earlier from Window & Door magazine. We also have come out with some premium colors for our vinyl window and frame offerings. That was really a nice collaboration with Behr. And those premium colors represent an upgrade opportunity for consumers. If you flip to Slide 21, working capital. We continue to see some good improvement when we take receivables plus inventory less payables and compare that to the last 12 months of sales. We're down from 16.2% last year in the third quarter to 14.8%. We've got a little bit of a tick-up in terms of inventory. We're not overly concerned about that, and we'll probably work part of that down in the fourth quarter. That's offset substantially by improvement in accounts payable days as we continue to aggressively manage our supply chain. I'd like to thank our team across the enterprise for the work they're doing and from a working capital perspective. And also just in terms of some of the other positive things that we've got going in terms of new programs, new products that we're launching, some of the cost takeouts, et cetera. A lot of good work being done across the enterprise. If you flip to Slide #22. I'd like to make a couple of comments before we move to Q&A. And as I mentioned earlier, market conditions remain very challenging. And for the most part, it was a pretty tough third quarter, no question about that. Having said that, we grew our top line, launched a lot of new products and we believe that we continue to gain share, as I mentioned earlier or at least maintain in our major product categories. As we've previously communicated to you, we'll continue to focus on the things that we have control over, improving our execution, continuing to invest in innovation, leadership brands, global expansion and aggressively managing our cost structure. Two of our major operational priorities continue to be the improvement of our Installation and cabinets business. Earlier this year, we anticipated that we would see aggregate improvement in these segments in terms of reduced operating losses. And at this point, it does not appear that we're going to get there. We anticipated a stronger top line in the second half of 2011, and we might have been a little bit optimistic in terms of market conditions, particularly as it relates to Europe and cabinets. And while we've successfully completed a lot of key initiatives, as we've discussed in previous calls, we're extremely disappointed that we did not improve the bottom line. As we plan for 2012, we're pushing the businesses in these segments very hard to significantly reduce their break-even points, irrespective of the economic environment.  In addition, we now expect to have a negative relationship in terms of price commodities for the year. While we have successfully offset hundreds of millions of dollars in increased commodity costs in 2011, working with suppliers, working on Lean and our supply chain and through pricing actions, we have about $30 million negative price/commodity relationship through the first 9 months. Now that does include the hedge loss in the third quarter, which is I think I mentioned earlier. If we hadn't had the hedge loss, we would have had a positive relationship in the third quarter. As we also had mentioned a little earlier in our last call, lumber, particleboard, finishing material, resins, TiO2 continue to be very challenging. And we'll continue to work hard on these. We've got some good things going on from a supply-chain standpoint, and we expect to see some benefits from that continuing as we go forward. We continue to be confident in the long-term fundamentals for our markets, and we continue to invest in penetrating the North American cabinet dealer and in terms of that channel and the professional painter, developing international opportunities in paint and plumbing and expanding our leadership position in the do-it-yourself coatings market. We're launching new programs in plumbing, cabinets and builders hardware, and we'll continue to discuss those as they develop and mature over time. Obviously, we're incurring some incremental costs to execute on these opportunities, but our feeling is they'll add significantly to the top line going forward, and should create good value for our shareholders.  And with that, Debbie, we'll open up the lines for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first today to Josh Levin with Citi.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So as you look towards 2012, assuming the housing starts environment does not improve much next year, it sounds like you think you might be able to get cabinets and installation at breakeven, if I understood your remarks correctly. And if so, how do you get there, is that more top line or further cost cuts?
Timothy Wadhams: Josh, yes, what we really are challenging both of those businesses to do in North America, both our Installation business, as well as our North American Cabinet business, is to assume a relatively flat market next year. And again, we'll talk about that in a second in terms of where blue chip is relative to starts, and really pushing them to do everything they can to get as close to breakeven as possible. It's a little bit too early to declare that we think we can get there. We're in our planning process as we speak. We have not reviewed some of the plans and obviously, a part of that is going to be to the extent that we think we can get there, what are some of the things that we might not be able to do that might have some longer-term implications to us. So I -- we're pushing them very, very aggressively. I think the one wild card in cabinets is probably Europe. The environment over there is very, very difficult. And as we've indicated in the past, we've got 2 new leaders there that have been -- at Moores, and at development in Denmark -- that have been basically in the businesses now for about 9 or 10 months. And so we're pleased with the folks we have. We've got some additional changes in the leadership teams, but the environment there continues to be very, very difficult. So we're pushing the businesses very hard. My sense is if the blue chip consensus is right relative to housing starts and there are a lot of folks that are very good at projecting that are significantly above the 700,000-unit number for next year, if we get close to that number in terms of starts, I think we've got a real good chance to show some substantial improvement in both of those segments. And I guess for this -- at this point in time, I'd rather not get anymore aggressive than that. We'll be able to give you a better update in February when we get together on the fourth quarter call.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. On a separate note, Behr has been a real star for Masco. One of your competitors recently launched a paint and primer product at Lowe's. How are you positioning Behr to deal with that competition?
Donald J. Demarie: Josh, this is Donnie. Really, most of our competitors have launched new products either 2-in-1, 3-in-1 products that are following our leadership in creating a whole new category with paint and primer in one. We continue to be the market leader in DIY, and believe we've held that share position in the U.S. by a long shot. We will continue to defend that position. We feel really good about our product, our brand and our performance, both on the top line and bottom line in the quarter. Certainly, we've had some short-term responses related to some of the new offerings and lower price points. And we think that's important to defend where we sit in our share and on the shelf with our key partner.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think, Josh, you'll see us continue to invest in innovation. We obviously have been a leader in the do-it-yourself market, as Donnie mentioned, paint and primer in one, the color center, low-VOC paint. So we'll continue to innovate and work on merchandising solutions with our partner there as well.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Peter Lisnic with Robert W. Baird.
Joshua K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is Josh Chan, filling in for Pete. So I was just wondering on the Milgard plant take-outs. Taking out 3 plants in a month, could you walk through that decision and whether there was a change in how you thought about the market and/or your positioning in that market?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. The announcement, Josh, was made in October. It will take us a little bit of time to wind those plants down. So that will be an ongoing process that I imagine we'll probably finish in the fourth quarter. But our feeling is with -- as we assess market conditions going forward in the Western United States, that we can serve with our remaining plants. We'll have 6 remaining manufacturing facilities in the Western part of the country and our feeling is that we can maintain lead times, given current market conditions with the manufacturing footprint that remains behind. We've done some good things from a productivity standpoint. We just completed and have -- the launch of the Essence products, which was a new product for us. But as we think about it, we think there's some things we can do more on a regional basis going forward just in terms of cost management and supply chain, and certainly feel pretty comfortable that we can handle the market demand, again, with good lead times for our customers. If things do pick up for a limited amount of capital, we can put another plant in or that type of thing. I mean that's not that challenging to do, but we feel very comfortable that we can handle the demand at this point in time.
Donald J. Demarie: Josh, if I could add, we've been talking a lot about the work we're doing in the supply chain and manufacturing. And really, this is -- what you're seeing now is really a result of a lot of those efforts, where we looked at our supply chain and our manufacturing base, and which was primarily served to a local markets, and have regionalized our ability to serve in a way where we think we can maintain lead times and our service levels and take costs out of the business. So we're excited about the changes. Changes are always tough, but we think it's necessary in the current environment and, going forward, we think will serve us well.
Joshua K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Right, okay, that makes sense. And then you talked about ongoing competitiveness in the retail market. I mean, I think, in the cabinet side, that's been pretty well-documented. Are you seeing that above-normal level of competition spilling over into some of the other categories as well?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think, Josh Levin mentioned that in terms of Behr, where there have been some new competitive products, competitive price points, a lot of promotional, obviously, related to cabinets as you articulated. And basically, I think the environment, when you look at plumbing as well, it's pretty much across the board. Obviously, we feel good about how we're positioned in all of those categories. But with the increase in promotional activities, it's just a little bit more intense from ultimately a pricing standpoint as well.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Two questions, first off, you mentioned a number of instances of costs for new programs. Could you quantify the impact for that overall? And then how much of these costs are one-time in nature in terms of starting up a new program versus ongoing and then would have to be leveraged going forward? Then I have a follow-up as well.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we estimated, Sam, that in the quarter, we probably spent about $20 million incrementally on some of the programs that we're launching. And again, that primarily was -- well, it's pretty much across the board. You've got some in cabinets. There's certainly are some costs related to plumbing. I've talked about that, the paint programs, et cetera, et cetera. And I would say that those incremental costs at this point in time, I would guess that will be able to -- you're always going to have new programs. And so typically, when you have those kinds of costs, there's an expectation that you're going to get some additional revenue on the top line. So the paybacks, we think, tend to be pretty good. I wouldn't want to suggest that we won't see -- well, I would say this, I don't think we'll see that level of increase next year. Whether we see some reductions, kind of remains to be seen, but I think it's really going to be driven more by our ability to continue to bring out new products and new programs which quite frankly, we certainly anticipate doing. But I would doubt that level would be much higher than it is this year because we've been running at a fairly high rate.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: My follow-up question has to do with Europe and the trends you're seeing throughout the quarter in the European theater. You mentioned more in Tvilum continuing, that the end markets are soft and you also mentioned Hansgrohe with some nice share gains. But are you seeing any meaningful deterioration in the European demand picture, or is it kind of the same old, same old at this point?
Timothy Wadhams: I would say for cabinets, it's probably deteriorated a bit. That tends to a be a little bit higher particularly. We go to the U.K., there's a lot of austerity measures in place. We have tended to serve what is called public housing over there, which is really like new construction here. And in terms of our ready-to-assemble Tvilum operation, demand has been down in virtually all of their markets. So I think there's -- that tends to be a little bit more of a discretionary purchase as well. When it gets to plumbing for Hansgrohe, we continue to do a great job of global expansion. We're seeing a lot more pressure from a mix standpoint, as consumers seem to be trading down a little bit for lower price points. And then as we enter some of the emerging markets, that tends to be at a little lower price point as well. Yes, I wouldn't say necessarily, I mean, it's always been competitive. And I don't know that I would say it's ratcheted up any more so than it has been in the past. But they've continue to do a very good job from that perspective. I mentioned our U.K. window business, we continue to take share there. And as I mentioned, we've got a really neat opportunity coming up that we think we're going to win, and we'll be able to talk a little bit more probably in February. But other than that, that pretty much covers the landscape, I think.
Donald J. Demarie: Yes, Sam, I would add to Tim's comments that if you think about our exposure to Southern Europe, where a lot of the trouble seems to be focused, that we don't have a heck a lot of concentration down there. It's probably, overall, less than 2% of our overall sales. So not a big exposure there whatsoever.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And if I could sneak one little question and last one then, if you're assuming flat housing starts market next year or flattish, does that affect your goodwill impairment test at all?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, let me make sure I clarify that, Sam. We have not given formal guidance for next year. What I did mention was that we are challenging our Installation business and our North American cabinet business to plan for an environment that does not show any lift on the macro side. So we're pushing them very, very hard to see what we can do to get to breakeven in an environment like that. As I mentioned, if we get to that 700, that is the blue-chip consensus. And again, we'll talk about our thoughts in February. That would certainly help that process greatly, but we're really pushing our guys to assume the same kind of environment in those 2 businesses that have been the most problematic for us relative to performance.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ivy Zelman with Zelman & Associates.
Ivy Lynne Zelman - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Just curious on your cash flow. I noticed in the presentation, you talked a lot about the working capital, the percent of sales. But can you tell us what your actual cash flow before CapEx was? And then just looking at that cash flow, I noticed you've got -- you're $800 million, just off the 6% notes coming due, and I know you talked about in the past that you'd refinance half of it and pay off the other with cash. Is that still the expectations and timing of that? So the first question relates to actual cash flow from operations for the quarter and then the timing of the refinancing, or is that still the plan, when you're going to pay half off with cash?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, the cash flow will be available, Ivy, when we issue the Q and that should be -- what, John, late this weekend?
John G. Sznewajs: Either late Thursday, early Friday, Ivy.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we'll have that out. And then yes, we still intend on the $800 million that is due next -- what, August?
John G. Sznewajs: July.
John G. Sznewajs: July, to hopefully refi about $400 million of that, and then use the $400 million in terms of internal cash to pay that down.
Ivy Lynne Zelman - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Okay. And just curious, is there a reason why you don't want to talk about cash flow from operations on the call? I know that you say it's going to be in the Q, but just curious with that...
Timothy Wadhams: The Q's not finalized at this point.
Ivy Lynne Zelman - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: I see, okay. My other question relates to the 4 divestitures and installation services, and I think the 4 plant closures in windows. I think we've been in this downturn a very long time, and a lot of us have questioned you on whether or not you'd stay in the Installation Services business given the continued losses. And it seems to me that now, at this stage of the downturn to first be deciding to divest out of those non-core Installation Services businesses is a bit surprising because you've stuck with it this long. It seems a little bit of a late decision. So what happens at the board meeting with the directors that you now decide after all this time to do it, when it could have been done years ago? And, really, the same thing within windows, I mean, closing 4 plants this year, the year ago, the same situation, we exited that. And windows were doing better right, I guess, with the tax credit. But it just seems like there's a lot of things that you're doing now that could have been done earlier. So what I'm trying to better understand is there even more stuff that can be done that is not being done like selling more of the installation services? So I'm a little bit surprised about that into some of these late-stage restructurings.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, as to your question as it relates to the Contracting Service business, Ivy, we've got a new management team on the ground that basically has been in place now for a little less than a year. And as you might remember last year, we talked a little bit about rationalizing some of the diversified products that we installed. Basically, at the businesses that we're talking about here, are not really core. We've tried to simplify that business immensely. We've put in a new ERP system and these businesses, given their product mix and what they do kind of fall outside of that area, if you will. So from our standpoint, as we looked at opportunities going forward, didn't really feel like they -- we're going to have a lot. We also had a couple of -- on the commercial drywall side, we had a couple of contracts that we recently completed. And those businesses in 2010, in aggregate, were basically profitable as well. And as we think about the market going forward, the opportunities that we have from an installation side, driven more by the installation install, we really think it makes a whole lot more sense to get out of those at this point in time. And again, with the new management team, that was their feel, and we certainly support that. On the windows side, that really is a result of our perspective of the Western market going forward. We have had several plant closings previously in the window category. But basically, given some of the supply chain work we're doing, some of the work particularly around logistics, distribution and freight, our feeling is that we can service that market with the 6 remaining plants, again, and do that in a way that maintains good lead times as well as service levels.
Ivy Lynne Zelman - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: No, no, I understand all that and I think it makes sense. I just know that when you guys were getting into installation services, you wanted to have diversity within the market, you wanted to be installing everything and not just limited to what you made. And so -- and also within the windows business, of course, you want to rationalize cost, but a lot of that seems like it's being decided today. So what changed today versus -- and it sounds like new management in Installation Services, is there a new management in windows?
Timothy Wadhams: No, no. We've got the same gentleman who's running that business. He's been there for about 3 years. But, really, in terms of our perception of the Western market on a longer-term basis, we don't see a lot of upside, I guess, just in terms of where we are today versus where we might be a couple of years down the road. And as I mentioned, earlier, if we did decide that we needed another manufacturing location going forward, a couple of years out, it's not that difficult to put one in. But it's really probably driven more by our perception of what we think the demand in that area of the world is going to be over the next couple of years.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question on the cabinets, appreciate the comments about planning for flat next year and a lot of initiatives. I was wondering if you could kind of break down -- I mean, so far this year, excluding the structuring charges, you're a little less than $80 million negative. I was hoping to kind of break down at least on a year-to-date basis, what the negative mix and price/commodity relationship, how that impacted, also the positive benefits of the profit improvement programs? And what things can change potentially if you look at that negative $80 million going forward into 2012?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, in terms of profit improvement programs, Mike, related to cabs on a year-to-date basis, we're in about $30 million, roughly. And that would project -- as we said earlier in the year, we expect to be somewhere around $40 million to $45 million in that particular segment. So they continue to do a nice job there. In terms of negative price/commodity, we're probably looking at a little less than $10 million in terms of impact. I think we had about $5 million in the second quarter and we did comment on that. We've had a little bit in the first quarter and a little bit in the third, but not huge numbers. And in terms of the rest of your question, going forward, we have taken a lot of cost out and as you know, we've completed a lot of initiatives this year. We've completed the common architecture program, ERP system implementation, also the exit of the ready-to-assemble business, as well as the integration of the 2 businesses continuing to be on track. We do anticipate some additional profit improvement next year from a cost-reduction standpoint that I would guess, just if we look at -- and again, we haven't gone through the plan yet, but my sense is it would probably be similar to what we've done this year, somewhere in that $40 million to $50 million range, where they've been the last couple 3 years. So I think that covered most of your question. If there's anything that I didn't get to, maybe you can repeat that.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, no, that's very helpful. And I guess the second question just to move to installation, where you are doing some important changes. I was wondering if you could give perhaps an idea on a pro forma basis, what is the non-insulation portion of the business, let's say, what would it be as a percent in terms of top line, following these divestitures? And if the remaining non-installation businesses are negative as well, I think you mentioned one was positive, but are there others or -- that could be identified for further divestiture or some type of restructuring that continue to get that business back to profitability?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. The way I would think about that, Mike, is that the likelihood is that there maybe -- as we continue to work that, there maybe other branch location opportunities that I would say are more likely than to focus on a particular product group. We have rationalized down to 6 core products: installation, fireplaces, gutters, garage doors and then what we call after paint, which includes mirrors, closet organizers, tubs and things of that nature. So we're, I think, in a pretty good spot now relative to diversified products. My sense is that installation, again, without factoring in the businesses that we're exiting, probably represents about 2/3 of what we installed. Donnie, does that sound about right?
Donald J. Demarie: That sounds about right.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, about 2/3. We've -- we're getting out of the commercial side. We've got some commercial drywall that was into the framing that was into that $100 million that I talked about. And we've seen some really nice growth, Mike, on the retrofit side. As I mentioned, we folded WellHome into the Contracting Service business branches and we really think that those capabilities and lead generation, et cetera, et cetera, should put us in a position to continue to grow the retrofit side. That's been pretty good business for us. I think that's probably up to maybe 12%, maybe 15% of our top line at this point in time. So we've seen some real nice growth there.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I appreciate that. One last question if I could sneak it in. The Other Specialty had a good bounce back in margins after 3 quarters that were pretty disappointing. There's a little bit of lift in sales in 3Q. But even in 4Q '10 with the similar amount of sales, you only had a 2% margin. So what's been going on there? Is it sustainable? Is it -- was this more of a price/commodity lag issue, or are there some identifiable changes that we can look to a mid- to higher-single-digit type of margin level going forward?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, the biggest change, Mike, that I would mention to you is that we have launched a couple of new products. Obviously, we talked about some of the cost reductions to the plant closures. But we also have got less rebate hitting us in terms of our product offerings. We had a positive price/commodity relationship in the quarter in that segment of about $3 million. And most of that is driven by a reduction in rebates that have been sort of part of the pricing landscape, if you will. So my sense is that if we can continue to maintain that discipline going forward, that ought to continue to help the bottom line.
Operator: We'll go next to Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question I wanted to ask was on the Milgard. You've mentioned that your changes to the way that you're perceiving the Western markets as the main rationale for the changes there, the plant closures, what about the glass business? Getting out of that business altogether, were there other options available? And so what was the rationale specifically on that?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we've been doing a lot of supply-chain work, Nishu, as we mentioned. And our feeling was having our own glass manufacturing capability, tempering capability, if you would, didn't really make a whole lot of sense relative to some of other alternatives. And my sense is we'll end up saving up a little bit of money by moving in that direction.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. What were the sales roughly in the glass business?
Timothy Wadhams: They were de minimis. I think less than $5 million, as I recall, $2 million, $3 million.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. And just the second question on the hedging losses. Now this is something new that you're highlighting in terms of creating volatility in your results. So I just wanted to get a sense of -- have the hedging strategies changed, let's say, in the last year or so? Was this more of a one-off event, or should we expect this to become more of a, perhaps, more of a common feature?
John G. Sznewajs: Nishu, we've been in the hedging program for over a year now, and just -- maybe that's the levels for everyone, how this works, is because -- in fact, we're hedging our copper and zinc. It's going to our plumbing products in the form of brass, and this is not a brass market. We don't get the hedge accounting treatment on this. So we have to mark-to-market our contract on copper and zinc at the end of every period. So as you think about copper prices for the third quarter of 2011, on average, per pound, they were up 24% versus the third quarter of 2010. Though at the end of the quarter, they fell, they came off their historic -- or near historic highs, and it came down pretty dramatically on the period-end date. So it's a mark-to-market to a relatively low number. That said, copper since that point in time, is up about 10% since the end of September. As -- so we don't want to commit in copper price of -- metal prices will tend to rise more than fall. So if this does occur, we should recognize gains on these contracts in future periods. So overall, if you think about how much we had right now, as I've said, we got into this last year a little bit. And overall, less than 20% of our metals consumption is currently hedged.
Operator: We'll take our last question today then from Bob Wetenhall with RBC.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: . Just wanted to touch base on your SG&A spending at around $1.6 billion a year. Just assuming your outlook for housing remains kind of flattish into 2012. Are you going to try to grow margin performance by cutting SG&A? Do you think there's room to do that?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, yes, I think there's always room to improve and we certainly have -- well, I think we made a little bit -- had a little bit of leverage in the third quarter on SG&A. But there are a couple of aspects there that I think are kind of important to understand. We do have service organizations. We've got -- at Behr, we've got a large sales service force that is in the field, and they tend to be a fixed number, if you will. We also have the same thing in terms of Masco retail sales service support for Lowe's, and we have a sales service support for Home Depot as well. So irrespective -- and generally, those guys are in the stores, working on our sets, our displays, et cetera. And so that's a little bit like kind of a large fixed cost. And the number of stores doesn't change dramatically, and revenue may be down or up a little bit. But that tends to be a cost that's fairly fixed across the enterprise. Having said that, we have leveraged our sales folks. You might remember last year that we talked a little bit in terms of the installation business that we -- we're maybe underrepresented in a couple of locations, where we didn't have the sales representation that we would have liked to have had. We did add some folks there. We've added some people on the Pro paint side. So as we pursue some of the new opportunities, Bob, my sense is there's a bit of an investment that we'll make in that area. You may have heard me comment earlier to a question, I think, from -- might have been from Sam or somebody about incremental spend on programs that were up about $20 million in the quarter versus last year. And my sense is, I think, on a year-to-date basis, that number might be around $50 million, John?
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, that's right.
Timothy Wadhams: Right around $50 million. So we do incur expense for new opportunities, sometimes those don't hit the top line in the same period. But you can rest assure that when you look at some of the headcount reductions that we've made across the company over the last several years, a lot of that has been in the SG&A category. And I think as things start to pick up a little bit, there should be some really good leveraging opportunities for us.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And just very quickly to touch on plumbing. I think sales were up 12% year-over-year. I know some of that has an FX component, but your operating margin was roughly 300 basis points lower. Could you just give us the breakdown of the margin contraction because I was surprised that you didn't get more benefit from sales leverage out of it?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, yes one of the key items there, Bob, you might not have caught this is that, that metals hedge that John just talked about is in that segment totally. And if you factored out the hedge impact from both years, last year, we had $4 million of gains, this year, $10 million of loss. You'd be comparing 14% last year in the third quarter to 13.3% this year. And so we'd only be down 70 basis points in the segment. And that is really driven primarily by mix, which I think I mentioned was about $13 million negative in the quarter versus last year. And also some program costs that, as I recall, represented about $7 million. Okay. Thank you, Bob. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We appreciate it and take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Donald Demarie - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President John Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG Christopher Wiggins - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David S. MacGregor Joshua Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2011 Second Quarter Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and simultaneously webcast. If you have not received the press release and supplemental information, they are available on Mascos website along with todays slide presentation under the Investor Relations section at www.masco.com. Before we begin managements presentation, the company wants to direct your attention to the current slide and the note at the end of the earnings release, which are cautionary reminders about statements that reflect the companys views about its future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures. After a brief discussion by management, the call will be open for analyst questions. If we are unable to get to your question during this time, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations office at (313) 792-5500. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Connie, and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. I'm joined by Donnie Demarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and John Sznewajs, our CFO. And if you would please flip to Slide #3. Sales in the quarter were down 1%. Excluding rationalization charges, gains and impairments from financial investments and adjusting for a normalized tax rate of 36%, income as reconciled would have been $0.05 a share compared to $0.16 in the second quarter of 2010. On an as reported basis, we earned $0.02 in the second quarter compared to $0.01 in the prior year. Working capital improved in the quarter to 15.6%. We'll talk about that a little later on, and we ended the quarter with $1.6 billion of cash.  If you flip to Slide #4, please. Gross profit and operating profit as reconciled for the rationalization charges and for a litigation charge in the second quarter, gross profit would have been down about 150 basis points to 26.9%, and our operating margin would have been 5.5%, a 280 basis point decline. A little bit of color in terms of our overall financial performance. I mentioned that sales were down 1%. That equates to about $26 million. That includes an unfavorable change in terms of product exits. As we've announced previously, we have exited the ready-to-assemble product group that ended in the second quarter, and that was a reduction of about $49 million in terms of sales. Offsetting that was positive impact from foreign currency of $54 million.  Our International operations were up 5% in the quarter in local currencies, and had another very strong quarter in terms of operating performance with margins at 9.8%. That compares to 9.5% last year. Sales to key Retail customers were down mid-single digits in the quarter. All of that is represented by the exit of the ready-to-assemble product group. Without that impact, we would have been flat in the quarter in terms of key Retail sales, and that includes some declines of Wal-Mart that we'll talk about in a little bit.  Just to give you a perspective, in the first quarter, if you eliminate the exited products, we would have been down low single digit as we communicated a while back. Sales off $26 million. Our operating profit on a reconciled basis was down $59 million. We think volume accounted for about $25 million of that. And obviously, we did benefit from foreign currency translation, so that masks some of the volume decline. Price/commodity relationships in aggregate cost us about $10 million in the quarter, and almost all of that is in Cabinets and Plumbing. Mix was about negative $10 million in the quarter, and almost all of that is in Plumbing. We did have a little bit of combined mix and price/commodity impacting Other Specialty Products. In addition, we incurred some expenditures for some of the growth initiatives that include our international expansion in Paint and Plumbing, some new Retail programs, innovation and the dealer initiative in Cabinets and the Pro initiative in our Paint group. And we'll talk about those as we go through the segments.  If you would please flip to Slide #5, where we reconcile earnings per share. As you can see here, this takes into account the reconciliation for the rationalization charges, as well as the litigation charge, and a pretty significant impact in both quarters related to financial investments. In the second quarter of 2010, we had an impairment charge of $33 million. In the second quarter of 2011, we had gains from the disposition of financial investments of $33 million. Those are coincident numbers. As I mentioned, adjusting or reconciling, if you will, we made $0.05 in the second quarter compared to $0.16 last year. And on as reported basis, just as a reminder, earnings per share were $0.02 compared to $0.01 in the prior year. Please flip to Slide #6. We'll talk about the Cabinet segment. Our sales in Cabinets were down in the quarter 18% and again, that includes the impact of the products that we exited. Without that impact, we would have been off about 6% in the quarter. Decremental margin in the quarter was inflated above our contribution margin. The decline in margin reflects volume, the under absorption of fixed costs. We had about $6 million related to the $49 million of product exit. In this segment, as I mentioned earlier, we had about $5 million of unfavorable price/commodity relationship, and we did incur some increased costs relative to promotion related to the dealer initiative, brand building and some promotions at Retail. If you flip to Slide #7. In terms of Cabinets, just a quick update. We have a lot of things accomplished in the second quarter. We completed the common architecture program that affected the Merillat and Quality brands. And we also, as I mentioned earlier, finished the exit of the ready-to-assemble related products. And again, we're very happy to have those behind us. We continue to benefit from the Cabinet integration. We're tracking the savings that we've communicated previously. We believe we'll be on track to show about $35 million to $40 million of savings by the end of 2012. And we continue to add dealers or have dealers that have added a Masco Cabinet brand. Over 400 dealers we estimate have done so, and my memory tells me that about 180 or so of those are new dealers to Masco, so we're pleased with that. We did idle another manufacturing facility in the quarter, and KraftMaid was awarded the highest ranking in terms of customer satisfaction related to Cabinets in a J.D. Power's study and obviously, that relates to the U.S. and obviously, we're very proud of that.  If you flip to Slide #8, our Plumbing-related business. We had another solid quarter in Plumbing. Plumbing was up 12%. We did benefit from foreign currency in this particular segment, about $42 million of the $54 million positive currency translation relates to Plumbing. Without that, we would have been up about 5%. We did see a modest decline in terms of margin, down about 40 basis points, and profitability is impacted by unfavorable price/commodity relationship. We talked about that a little bit earlier, unfavorable mix, as I mentioned, and some investments, incremental investments in the quarter in terms of international brand and some other marketing-related programs.  If you flip to Slide #9. We continue to invest in the Plumbing segment and brand-building innovation and design, and pursuing international growth. And we had very strong performance in the quarter in our faucet brands in the U.S., Delta, Peerless and Brizo. And Hansgrohe just had a fabulous quarter; in fact, a record quarter in terms of their operations as they continue to expand in global markets. We continue to innovate. Our Touch Technology has now been applied to bathroom faucets. Those were introduced, and we're really excited about the opportunities there. We continue to gain share in tubs and spas, hot tubs and spas with our HotSprings and Caldera brands. And we mentioned last time that Delta was nominated for an Effie Award, and they were recognized with a Silver Effie in the quarter. Again, that's a prestigious honor related to advertising and communication, and certainly very proud of that.  If you flip to Slide #10, Installation and Other Services. We were down about 5% in sales in the quarter, and that compares to a 7% decline in 90-day lag starts. In addition, we were off about $3 million in terms of profitability. That 20% decremental margin pretty much explains or pretty much approximates our contribution margin in that particular segment. If you flip to Slide #11. We did -- I believe we had some sequential share gains from first quarter 2011. As we mentioned in the first quarter, we have we believe sequential gains from the fourth quarter of last year, and obviously that's an important topic. I think last year at this time with some of the compression in the build cycle, some of the decontenting that was going on in terms of housing, we had a lot of discussion around share in this business and we're really pleased with some of the progress we've been able to make in terms of Installation. We continue to benefit from increased retrofit sales, and we've got some really good opportunities that are developing with some of the larger builders going forward. Unfortunately, not a lot of that showing up on the top line at this point in time because of the decline or depressed activity. But we certainly are encouraged going forward relative to some of the opportunities that have developed.  We also completed the implementation of the ERP system in this segment, and we believe that initiative and some of the things we're doing from a lean standpoint should continue to drive efficiencies and cost savings going forward, so making a lot of progress in terms of Installation. If you flip to Slide #12. Decorative Architectural Products were off 3% in the quarter. We had a pretty significant drop relative to sales in terms of profitability. We continue to see commodity cost pressure, but in this segment in this quarter, price/commodity was basically neutral. Decremental margin includes the timing of advertising spend, which was up compared to the second quarter of last year of $5 million, $6 million. And we also incurred $6 million or so for program costs related to new opportunities in builders' hardware, the investment in the Pro and international expansion and some work we're doing to reformulate some of our Paint-related products.  So if you flip to Slide #13. We continue to be very excited about some of the top line opportunities in this segment. Our Direct to Pro program with Home Depot continues to gain traction. We have all the Home Depot stores are set now with the Kilz Pro-X product. We got that accomplished in the second quarter, so feel really good about that. And Liberty is in the process of launching some new programs at Retail in both bath and Cabinet-related hardware, and we'll talk more about that later this year as those programs develop, but a lot going on in terms of top line opportunity in this segment. If you flip to Slide #14, Other Specialty Products. Sales were off 5% in this segment, about $7 million. And we had a pretty significant decline in terms of operating profit in relation to the sales. First and foremost, I would point out that last year, we had an exceptional second quarter. We had about a 7% margin in terms of last year in the quarter as you can see here, so very good second quarter last year. And those of you who have followed us know that we've seen declining performance in this segment since that point in time. We continue to believe that we're being impacted negatively by declines in new home construction in the Western U.S., lower repair/remodel activity. And we believe that that's in part driven by the exploration of the homebuyer tax credit last year, as well as the expiration of some of the energy tax credits that were available. Our lower operating profit reflects volume, about a $4 million spend on geographic expansion, product loss, promotions and trade shows, some loss of leverage, additional freight costs in the quarter. And we did -- when you look at price/commodity and mix combined, we were down probably in this quarter or in this particular segment $1 million to $2 million. So again, not a real solid performance in this segment, but a lot of work going on in terms of product launch.  And if you flip to Slide #15, a couple of comments relative to this segment. We continue to believe that in windows in both the western United States as well as the United Kingdom that we're gaining share. That's been a fact for us, we think, over the course of the last 6 quarters or so. Unfortunately, the pie is much smaller. Milgard continues to expand in geographies in Texas and Western Canada. The expansion into Texas has cost us a little bit, including some additional freight. And Arrow Fastener has come out with a couple of product lines. We've talked about the R.E.D. line. They've also come out with a new Elite tool line, so we're excited about that opportunity. And as it develops, we'll be able to share some information with you about the outcomes there. If you flip to Slide #16. I mentioned working capital earlier. We improved from 16.1% to 15.6% in terms of receivables plus inventories less payables as the relationship to the last 12 months sales. And you can see that in terms of the components here, we're up a little bit here in terms of inventory days. Don't feel like there's anything there that is of concern and continue to do a very, very good job in terms of accounts payable management. And really, we want to take this time to kind of thank the team, the Masco Team for the effort here as well as the effort across the other aspects of our business. Obviously, the environment continues to be very challenging, but we're very pleased with some of the opportunities that we're developing, and really encouraged by the effort our folks are putting forward.  If you flip to Slide #17. Before we go to Q&A, I'd like to make just a couple of comments. Market conditions certainly continue to be challenging. The only economic signals continue to be somewhat mixed. But basically, most economists have reduced their expectations for 2011. And we currently see a much less robust year than we anticipated at the beginning of the year. You might remember our housing start assumption early on was around 690. At the end of the first quarter, we adjusted that to about 640. And more recently, at least at this point in time, our view is that housing starts appear to be relatively flat with last year. Having said that, for us, lag starts are every important. And on a 90-day lag basis, our sense is that starts will be flat on that same basis.  We're not seeing a lot of pickup in terms of repair/remodel activity for bigger-ticket items. So that continues to be slow. And having said that, as we've said in the past, we'll continue to focus on the things that we can control and influence. That includes driving the Masco Business System across the enterprise, continuing to invest in innovation, our leadership brands, global expansion and continuing to manage our cost structure. We've got a lot going on operationally. Obviously, 2 of our major priorities are the Cabinets and Installation businesses, and I continue to be pleased with the progress we've made there. As I mentioned earlier, we've completed several key initiatives. The ERP Installation at Installation services, the product exits, the common architecture program, obviously all of those have required significant time and attention. And we're certainly glad they're behind us. In addition, as I mentioned, we did idle another manufacturing plant in Cabinets. And although the economy is not as robust as we had anticipated earlier this year, we still anticipate significant improvement in terms of the operating performance of both of these businesses. We currently anticipate that on a full year basis that we can reduce the operating loss by $20 million to $40 million in terms of Installation and Cabinets combined, and we will continue to push very hard to reduce our breakeven point, and we expect to make more progress in 2012, irrespective of the economic environment. We also continue to believe that we will successfully offset commodity costs and other inflation on a full year basis. As I mentioned last time we were together, that's certainly a fluid situation. And since we last talked, we do face some additional challenges as it relates to lumber, particleboard, TiO2, resins for paints and windows, as well as metals and other commodities. But we continue to be confident that as we work with suppliers focusing on supply chain, working on cost reductions and implement pricing, that on a full year basis that we'll have these costs covered and neutralized. Year-to-date, we're negative about $20 million in terms of price/commodity relationship. There's a lot more work to do, but we feel confident that we'll be in good shape as the year continues to unfold.  We continue to be confident in the long-term fundamentals for our market, and we continue to invest. We're increasing our penetration in North America from a -- in terms of dealers for Cabinets in that particular channel, and with a professional painter. We continue to develop international opportunities for Paint and Plumbing, and we're launching several new programs this year in Plumbing, Cabinets and builders' hardware. While it's too early to talk about specifics, we think these opportunities are very exciting, and we'll be able to share some of the details with you as these develop over the next couple of quarters.  We're incurring some incremental costs, as I mentioned earlier and covered when we talked about the segments, as we execute on these opportunities. But we anticipate that they will add significantly to our top line as they mature over time. Longer term, we continue to feel very positive about our ability to create value for our shareholders. We believe that when we can get volumes back to on a top line basis, the $10 billion to $12 billion area that we enjoyed previously, there's no question in our minds that we can deliver double-digit margins at that kind of level, and certainly produce the kinds of returns that shareholders are looking for as they think about Masco as an investment.  And with that, Connie, we'll open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Josh Levin from Citigroup.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc: So you talked in the press release about new programs in Plumbing and Cabinets, and you just made a passing reference to it. And I suppose understandably for competitive reasons, you don't want to give too many details. But can you -- with regards to those new programs, can you help us think about when and how does new programs might start to impact earnings?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Josh. We're looking at top side opportunities that we think are very significant. We think the Pro initiative with The Home Depot is an opportunity that could result in hundreds of millions of dollars on the top line as it develops over time. We also think that some of the opportunities that we're pursuing in Cabinets, builders' hardware and Plumbing have top line opportunities of hundreds of millions of dollars. Having said that, many of those programs will be launched later this year and it's important for us, obviously, to coordinate communication, promotional strategies with our customers, and so we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. But I'm very certain that you'll be pleased as we are able to communicate more about those programs going forward, and we will do so at the appropriate time. But we've been very hard at work obviously strengthening our brands, investing in innovation. And we've shared that with investors over time, and that's been a big part of our strategy. But we feel very confident, very comfortable that these opportunities, as they develop, will provide significant earnings and significant top line growth.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And my second question, so single-family starts appear to be sort of just flatlining, but multi-family starts are picking up. Can you give us an idea of how your earnings sensitivity differs from multi-family starts to single-family starts?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, generally speaking, a single-family start would have more of the types of products that we manufacture; for example, Installation, more fixtures in terms of faucets, those types of things. So generally speaking, single-family starts are more important to us. Having said that, we're certainly very much aware that multi-family starts are growing more rapidly than single family. And so from that standpoint, we've got products that we certainly think will resonate well in those applications. I mean, basically they tend to be the same products, but just fewer of them.
John Sznewajs: Yes, and Josh, I would add that we saw this trend coming really about 2 years ago, and have worked hard in both our Cabinets segment and Install to position ourselves to win. On the Installation services, although the take per unit is lower, we believe our market share is at least the same as it is on the single-family side. So we think we're positioned to win there, where surely a better balance sheet, strong capital base is really important to do those bigger projects. And on the Cabinet side, we've really been focused on doing more in smaller spaces that applies both to multi-family, but also to what we're seeing in the single-family market today. We're dealing with smaller kitchens, and so how do we do more in smaller spaces and really bring out more value to consumers. So we see this trend as one that we think we're positioned to win, and we're going after it aggressively.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Josh Chan from Robert W. Baird.
Joshua Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I was just wondering, a lot of building products companies have talked about a tough April and May, but June was a little bit better. Could you comment on that for your company, and if you also care to comment about July?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Well, what we mentioned the last time we were together was that April, when we had our call I think on the 26th of April, that April looked like it was going to be down high single digits and in fact, it was. We did see a pretty nice lift in May. We were up mid-to-high single digits in May, and June was relatively flat for us. July, at this point in time, our sense is will be down low single digit or flat if you exclude the product exit, the way it looks at this point. Again, to your point, Josh, weather has been commented on by several folks in the industry, and I don't think there's any question that weather has been a factor in terms of certainly impacting consumers' involvement in projects over the late -- early part of the first quarter or late part of the first quarter, excuse me, early part of the second quarter. No question.
Joshua Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: All right. That's definitely understandable. And then going over to the second half outlook, you talked about some program launch and then you also have easier comparisons. I mean, I understand what's going on with the macro, but I guess your comment about second half growth being challenged seems somewhat conservative. I mean, could you explain a little bit about the outlook?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, the outlook that -- what we tried to talk about there was more from a macro perspective, and we certainly continue to believe that the macro side of things is weak. You've got the near-term reality of higher energy costs, higher food costs, which impact disposable income for consumers. And you've also got the near-term uncertainty that seems to emanate from the discussions that come out of Washington in terms of a variety of economic topics that I think people think are important. So when you think about that, the consumer does not appear to be very actively engaged at this point in time. So our feeling is the macro side of things is going to be pretty tough. Having said that, from our perspective as I mentioned earlier, we've got a lot of new product opportunities that we'll be launching in the second half. And we certainly expect to have some positive impact from that. So our concern about the environment is more on the macro side, the things that we can influence, the things that we have the ability to control, which include some of the new products that we're bringing to market certainly, we believe, put us in a great position. We've done a lot to strengthen our brands over the course of the last couple of 3 years. We're in a very good position there. We continue to be in an extremely good position from a share standpoint. One of our strategies has been through innovation, through a lot of the work that we've been doing with the consumer to increase our very strong market position. And as we sit here today, I don't think there's any area given the fact that we've seen some good improvement in terms of Installation and Cabinets over the course of the last couple of quarters, at least on a sequential basis, that puts us in a position where from a share standpoint, we continue to grow. So we think the environment is going to be challenging, but we certainly think that the opportunities that we'll be rolling out will be a plus. And your comment about easier comps in the second half is certainly accurate, and we'll see how things unfold. But we feel very, very comfortable with the opportunities that we're developing inside.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill: Just wanted to follow up on the multi-family discussions just to make sure I understood your comments correctly. So you're saying a share in multi-family similar to single family, then is it fair to assume that in the Install business, roughly 25% to 30% of revenue is multi-family?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Dennis, I'd have to look at it to see. I don't think we've broken that out, have we broken it out or given that out?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I don't know if we have the breakdown. I'm not sure that we...
John Sznewajs: Mostly it's influenced by the take per unit, Dennis, because the take per unit in that segment is lower than it would be on a single family. But that's something that we can look at and decide whether or not we've disclosed that previously.
Dennis McGill: Okay. It might be something helpful to disclose in the future, if you will dig it up. The other question just had to do on the Cabinet side, the facility closure in New Mexico. I was just wondering if you could elaborate on that a little bit on that how that fits into the cost savings that you previously talked about, and then how we should think about that moving forward. And then also the decision to close now versus a year ago with the restructuring efforts, what factored into that to lead you to close it today?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think in terms of the decision, Dennis, obviously, we've completed a lot of work in that segment. The exit of the product group that we talked about, the common architecture program. I mean, those were certainly initiatives that were very important. The integration has been going well, and I think as we have looked at expectations for volumes out there, having an operation on the West Coast was important for us from a freight standpoint at one point in time. But as we reviewed our footprint, reviewed the economics, we felt like we could eliminate some of the capacity there. And we'll have a little bit of a penalty in terms of freight, but we think that's certainly manageable. I think the cost, it was about $1 million, John, in terms of charge. And I think the savings, Dennis, this plant will be idle, by the way, so we'll continue to depreciate it, but I think we're looking at, what, about $3 million, $3.5 million?
John Sznewajs: On a full year basis, $1.5 million to $2 million this year.
Dennis McGill: Okay. And that'll be incremental to cost you discussed previously?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that's correct.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Nishu Sood from Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG: Actually I wanted to ask about commodity costs. The negative $20 million headwind you talked about sounds small relative to just some of the headline price figures you see, especially in areas like Decorative Architectural. So are there hedging activities going on, or what are you folks doing to manage that so well?
Timothy Wadhams: Hedging, Nishu, for us has been fairly minimal and pretty much limited to metals, particularly copper and zinc. But what we've -- you might -- roll the tape back a little bit, you might remember late last year, second half, I think we incurred a negative price/commodity of about $60 million, $65 million on a full year basis and I think almost all of that was in the third and fourth quarter. But we have been very active in the areas that we talked about. I think you can assume that we have seen hundreds of millions of dollars of commodity cost increases this year. But obviously, we've been able to offset that with supply chain initiatives, with pricing. So we've been very, very active. And I think we've had some very good success. The strength of our brands, the innovation that we've worked on certainly aids us in that opportunity. But we feel pretty good about where we're at. And again, it's been a lot of hard work by folks across the enterprise, but we've been pretty successful.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG: Got it. Okay. So I guess looking at that as a net figure, but the second question I just wanted to make sure I got it in there was about the Plumbing Products division. You mentioned unfavorable products mix shift in that division. Now when I think about that division, the first thing I think about is that -- one of the first things I think about is the success of Hansgrohe. Obviously at the higher end now with the decline in big-ticket remodeling that obviously would have shifted your mix there to probably more replacement and Retail-type stuff. But I would have thought that the Hansgrohe effect would have been stronger than the countervailing effect. So how should we look at that negative mix effect that you were talking about?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, actually, Nishu, a lot of the mix impact is related to Hansgrohe. And a fair amount of that relates to their movement from principally a showerhead manufacturer to a faucet manufacturer. That transitioned well. Actually, I shouldn't say moving away from showerheads but basically, getting more balance with faucets, and faucets versus showerheads in terms of the products that they manufacture tend to have a little bit lower margin. The other issue that affects them is the expansion that they've had into geographic areas. Typically, as they go into geographic areas, and I think they're in, what, about 30?
John Sznewajs: 70.
Timothy Wadhams: 70 different geographic areas with what, 30 different subsidiaries at this point in time. Typically, when they enter a new market, there tends to be a little bit of a shift there, if you will, or a little bit of pressure in terms of margin. So that would be primarily where the mix shift is taking place. Now we've also seen a little bit of shift in terms of hot tubs, for example, to opening price points. But basically, Hansgrohe would be the one area where mix has probably been more of the issue. But having said that, they continue to perform at just a fabulous rate, if you will. As I mentioned, they had a record quarter in both sales and profitability. And so even though there's a little bit of a mix shift, we're still seeing some very good top line growth there.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Wiggins from Oppenheimer.
Christopher Wiggins - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Just curious, you called out $6 million year-over-year change in ad costs at Decorative, and just wondering if you could provide any color on how you think those ad costs trend sequentially into the third quarter. And then related to that, I think some suppliers have increased the TiO2 pricing by another 25%. So I guess I'm wondering your ability to offset that, does it come from just kind of lower ad spending as an offset to higher pricing, or how should I think about that dynamic?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, it is true that there have been some additional cost increases related to TiO2 in resins. I think that others in the industry have talked about those in terms of mid-to-high teen type increases. Because of the fact that we deal with a lot of large suppliers and have one large customer, we don't typically get specific about price/commodity detail in this particular segment. But I think you can certainly assume that we continue to face cost pressures. And as we've talked in the past, there are availability issues, if you will, relative to supply. And we've been able to manage through that and have done a very good job. So that would be part of the answer to your question. The rest of the question related to promotional activity, and we did have incremental in the second quarter about $5 million, $6 million of incremental promotional spend. And typically, the second quarter, Chris, is when we have the majority, if you will, of some of the promotional activity related to Paint. You've got Memorial Day, typically the 4th of July starts sometime in late June. We also do some things around other dates like Labor Day and Presidents' Day. But the second quarter tends to be the quarter when most of the advertising budget is spent. And if you look at the sequential change in profitability versus the change in sales from the first quarter, you can see that impact. And we talked about that last year on the call as well. But second quarter is a very, very heavy period of time in terms of advertising spend.
Christopher Wiggins - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then if I could ask kind of just a bigger-picture strategic question, I mean, as you kind of look out at some of the economic forecasts, particularly as you look to housing starts for 2012, a lot of forecasts imply kind of a big step up. And I guess from a planning perspective, I'm just wondering how you view the environment. I mean, do you plan with that type of step up in mind, or do you look at it as more of a very much more conservative approach as you kind of look at your strategic planning for next year?
Timothy Wadhams: We have tended to try to be on the conservative side, Chris, in terms of our planning. Our sense is that -- and to be honest with you, even though we think we've been conservative in terms of our planning, we've been surprised as starts have declined, just like most of the rest of the folks that use that. So it has been pretty difficult from a planning perspective. But we do feel very confident that if we miss and there's more upside, that we'll be able to respond. We feel that the footprint in terms of our Installation business, we've made a lot of changes there obviously. We've taken a lot of branches out. We've consolidated, but we think we're in a very good position relative to where we think housing activity could be strongest. We're also -- we're working very closely with the larger builders as I mentioned earlier. So we feel like we can adjust there. And I think most of the rest of our businesses, we've got the flexibility. We're more nimble. We've completed the common architecture project that we talked about in terms of the Merillat and Quality brands. So our sense is that we can react on the upside. So attempting to plan maybe a little more conservatively we think makes sense.
Christopher Wiggins - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Great. And if I could just sneak in one more question. I view it was interesting you put out a press release during the quarter, I think that you were increasing some production lines for some hot tub manufacturing with some strong demand there. I found it interesting. I'm just wondering if I could -- if you could give any color as to -- when I view hot tubs, I view it as a very discretionary item and certainly a bigger-ticket type discretionary item. So I'm curious as to why you might be seeing strength in that market, but not so much in some of the other big-ticket items?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, that has been kind of an interesting phenomenon. That started probably about a year ago, and I think it has a lot to do with the strength of the brands. Our hot tub business, HotSprings and the Caldera brand are both leading brands in that segment. We also have taken a lot of share. A lot of folks have gone out of business in that segment. There's been a lot of folks, unfortunately, that haven't been able to make it or from our perspective, I guess, fortunately. And so we've been able to pick up share, and that is one of the bright spots for us. But you are right, it is a very discretionary purchase. It tends to be a bigger-ticket purchase. As we mentioned, we have seen a little bit of migration to opening price point, and we came out with a new product called HotShot, I think. And yes, and John points out that we did develop a -- the ACE System, which automatically regulates the chemicals in the spa. We brought that out about just a little less than a year ago. So it's been a fair amount of innovation and a lot of good work in terms of brand positioning in that segment.
John Sznewajs: I would just add that I think innovation played a big role. The ACE System has really changed the need to buy another spa. So we're seeing people who own spas trade them in on new spas, and wanting to get this innovation. So it's been such a strong innovation that's really created new demand for.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor: Tim, your international revenue is about 22% of the total, but there's a lot Western European revenue and U.K. revenue in there. So I guess with respect to emerging markets, how much is emerging markets? You talked about developing your Paint and Plumbing business internationally. How much of that is really emerging market plans with respect to the segments rather than, say, Western European growth plans?
Timothy Wadhams: Again, David, there is a pie chart in the back of the information that we provided. I think it's Slide #28, that gives a breakdown of our international revenue kind of splits that into regions. And so that would give you a pretty good flavor in terms of where we're having the most success. I don't know, John, if you've got -- probably you want to maybe provide a little color on that.
John Sznewajs: Yes. I mean, to your question about emerging markets and sales outside of Western Europe, I mean, basically, it would be -- call it sort of 2%, 3% what we would define as emerging markets, that being sort of Asia and Latin America. To balance it, we've got a fair amount in the other European market either Northern Europe or Eastern Europe as well. So suffice it to say that overall, it's relatively small. 2% to 3% of that, of course, would be a percent of our total sales, not as a percent of our international sales.
David S. MacGregor: Yes, great. I guess the question really is, what do we do about that, and how do we grow that? It seems like with growth opportunities in North America somewhat stunted for the time being that there might be a bigger opportunity in some of these other markets just where within the list of priorities does that stand?
Donald Demarie: David, it's Donnie. It's right up there. We really see growing in emerging markets, and really in markets where the projected growth rates are higher than they here in North America, is probably our #1 priority. We're doing a lot with Hansgrohe. They've been very, very successful in growing their business. If you go back 10, 12 years ago, they were 90-plus percent in Europe. And now, we're doing as much in -- outside of Europe as we are in Europe. And yes, they have a great model, and we've had the Delta folks and the Hansgrohe folks working on some joint initiatives. John Sznewajs and I were in China earlier this year to announce the launch of the Delta brand in China. And we're bringing our technology there with our Touch2O, and we think that's going to resonate really well, especially in the Asian market. We're also doing -- we're looking at opportunities in Paint. We sell paint today in Canada, Mexico, South America. We have a large R&D facility in India, and we put together a team to really explore what's our best opportunities and where should we go next. So we really see those 2 platforms as global platforms. Outside of that, we've got opportunities in hand tools. We've been doing things with Arrow Fasteners to get outside of North America, and have had some good success. And some of the success we've talked about a little bit earlier with hot tubs is really is our ability to ship and sell products internationally. So we're doing quite a bit in hot tubs now, too. So a lot of our businesses where we have a reason to believe we've put some very hard to get after it organically. So we're making a lot of progress.
David S. MacGregor: Okay, good. Just a follow-up, I guess, in 2012, you've got $800 million of debt coming due. Do you plan to refinance that, or would you use the cash on hand? And I guess just association with that, you've got cash on hand in Hansgrohe. How much access do you have to that cash, and do you have the ability to declare a dividend?
John Sznewajs: David, a couple of questions there. With respect to the $800 million coming due next July, we've said in the past that if you think about the March 2010 issue that we did, we issued $500 million of debt to replace the $300 million maturity at that time. We'll take about -- because the $200 million is overfunding on that maturity, we'll take about roughly $400 million off the balance sheet to pay down that maturity and then we'd refinance the balance of it. So we feel pretty confident we can do that. With respect to the cash over in Europe, there is some cash over in Hansgrohe. We do have an operating agreement between ourselves and the other shareholders of Hansgrohe to get at that cash if we need to. We do have a dividend policy in place in a manner with fairly efficient cash structure to get to try to minimize as much of the tax cost in bringing that cash back. So we've got some plans in place to -- in the future to bring that cash back tax efficiently.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, just to amplify on John's initial comment, David, if you take the $300 million that was due in March of 2010 and the $850 million of debt that's due next -- about a year from now, that's obviously, $1,150,000,000,000. And I think when we get all done, our intent would be to pay down probably $200 million to $300 million of that with internal funds. Now John mentioned that refi -- we did a refi when we paid down the $300 million of $500 million. That would suggest another financing at some point of $300 million to $400 million, just to add a little bit of color to John's comment, with a net debt decline of $200 million to $300 million. And that has been consistent in terms of our communication to investors for the last couple of years.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bob Wetenhall from RBC.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just wanted to try to reconcile a little bit more of your top line commentary that you have some relatively easy comps going into the back half of the year, but you also noted the challenges in the broader outlook for the economy. And are you just trying to direct us to think that sales in 2011 are going to be a little bit lower than in 2010?
Timothy Wadhams: No, we haven't given guidance for sales. We've talked a little bit about the economic environment. But we haven't given any guidance, Bob, in terms of sales, and certainly wouldn't necessarily direct you to that conclusion.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Got it. Okay. And just in terms of the commodity cost pressures if -- I kind of got confused when you were running through it. It seems like there was a bunch of different places. Could you just run through it by segment real fast where you feel maybe the top 2 or 3 places where you can offset the raw material inflation most effectively?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. We -- well, I guess what I would say to you is that I believe in all the segments that we will have success. I wouldn't want to tell you that each segment will be neutral at the end of this year relative to price/commodity because timing of actions certainly have some implication. But our sense would be that if we do have some negative impact in terms of price/commodity that, that is something that will correct itself in a subsequent quarter. So we've got pressure in all the segments; Cabinets, particleboard in Europe, as well as lumber here in the U.S., is certainly a challenge. Metals impact us in Plumbing in terms of zinc and copper, which go into brass. We've talked about inputs for Paint. And in the Window business, resins, glass costs certainly are items that we need to manage through. But having said that, I feel very good about our ability across all of the product groups to make that happen. Again, innovation, strong brands certainly facilitate that.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: So you're going to get some pricing to offset the raw material?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we certainly anticipate that we will have pricing in certain areas. We'll be working with suppliers in certain areas. And so yes, definitely, there'll be price.
Operator: All right. We'll take our final question from Dan Oppenheim from Credit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG: I was wondering if you can talk about the -- you've mentioned the Cabinets and Installation business narrowing the losses there, but at running behind that level -- and we talked about in terms of running up behind that -- the business so far this year. Can you give more clarity in terms of narrowing the losses, what's left to do in terms of the cost and how you can make it up there?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think, Dan, one of the comments that we heard a little earlier was more -- less challenging comps in the second half of the year. And I think that if you think back late last year, we saw a real slowdown in terms of housing starts. Obviously, the first part of this year was pretty slow. So to the extent that we're going to end up about flat with last year, that would suggest that the latter part of the year should be a little bit stronger in terms of that activity. We've also got some of the other major initiatives out of the way that certainly took time and attention. We've got some top line opportunities that we're developing in Cabinets, particularly with the countertop solution that we've talked about in the past. And we've got some excitement there that we'll be able to share with you over the course for the next few months. So we've got some top line opportunities. We've also got some top line opportunities in the Installation side of the business. We expanded the footprint for our distribution business a couple of years ago with a couple of greenfields. So we've got opportunity there. We've also got some opportunity with the larger builders, and we've talked about that. So I think both the combination of top line, additional cost reductions in the second half, we've got the ERP system fully implemented in Installation. So we feel like we've got a very good opportunity to make that happen and you are correct as you look at the first couple of quarters. Most of that improvement is slated for the second half.
John Sznewajs: And I would add, Tim, that we've got the realization of benefits from actions we've already taken.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And then, I guess, just a quick follow-up. You've talked about sort of lowering expectations in terms of just the housing starts this year, and the conservatism towards next year. How much of that impacts your view in terms of the ability to get price to offset commodity costs just in terms of a tougher environment there, or do you think that that's something you can get even with lower volumes there?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think we've demonstrated, Dan, over the course of the last 2, 3 years in a very, very challenging environment. I mean, we've been able to successfully offset commodity costs. I think if we were to go back and roll the tape back 3 or 4 years, I'm guessing that we're probably neutral over that long period of time. And we've seen a $5 billion decline in sales from $12.5 billion in '06 to about $7.5 billion last year. And so I don't think it gets a whole lot tougher than that, but I think when you've got the focus we've had on innovation, the focus we've had on the work we've done around customer intimacy, the strength of our brands, it certainly puts us in a good position. We've got a supply chain initiative in place that is getting a lot of good traction. So yes, we feel comfortable that even in a tough environment, we should be able to make that happen.  Thank you. And I'd like to thank all of you for participating today, we appreciate that. And as Connie mentioned earlier, if we didn't get to your question, please give us a call, and we'll try to get back to you as quickly as we can. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Donald Demarie - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President John Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG Christopher Wiggins - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. William Wong Joshua Chan Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ivan Marcuse - Northcoast Research
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2011 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference will be recorded and simultaneously webcast. If you have not received the press release and supplemental information, they are available on Masco's website, along with today's slide presentation under Investor Relations section at www.masco.com. Before we begin managements presentation, the company wants to direct your attention to the current slide and the note at the end of the earnings release, which are cautionary reminders about statements that reflect the companys views about its future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures. After a brief discussion by management, the call will be opened for analyst questions. If we are unable to get to your question during this call, please call Masco Corporation Investor Relations office at (313) 792-5500. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, David, and thank you for joining us today for Masco's first quarter 2011 earnings call. I'm joined today by Donnie Demarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and John Sznewajs, our CFO. And if you would please flip to Slide #3. Sales in the quarter were down 4%. Excluding rationalization charges, gains from financial investments and normalizing our tax rate at 36%, our loss for the quarter would have been $0.05 a share, and that compares to $0.03 of income on the same basis in the first quarter of 2010. On an as reported basis, we lost $0.13 in the quarter compared to a $0.02 loss in the first quarter of 2010. We did a nice job of managing working capital. I'll talk a little bit more about that later on, and we ended the quarter with $1.5 billion of cash.  If you flip to Slide #4.  [Audio Gap]  both gross profit and operating income reconciled for rationalization charges, our gross margin would have been down 140 basis points to 25.3%. And on that same basis again, reconciling for rationalization charges, our operating profit would have decreased from 5% last year to 3% this year. I mentioned that sales were down 4%. That equates to about $80 million of sales decline. Of that decline, about $53 million relates to cabinet products that we previously announced that we were exiting. So if you exclude that, we would have been down a little less than 1.5%, rounding down to 1%. As we mentioned in the press release, if we exclude the exited cabinet products, both February and March would have been relatively flat in terms of sales with last year, again across the entire company.  Our International sales performed well. We were up 5% in terms of local currencies, had pretty good margins on those sales, just a little bit less than 10%; last year, a little over 10%. And our sales to our key Retail customers were down high-single digit. A big portion of that, well, almost all of that, relates to Cabinets, and a big portion of that relates to the products that we announced that we were exiting. Without the product exit, we would have been down just slightly low-single digits in terms of sales to key retailers.  On an $80 million  [Audio Gap]  would have anticipated based on contribution margin about a $25 million drop in profitability. We're down again on an adjusted basis, about $39 million year-over-year, and the additional $15 million or so is represented by about $10 million of price/commodity relationship that is unfavorable in this quarter versus last year's first quarter, and we also had some new product and program launch-related costs in the quarter, as well as a negative product mix. So that pretty much explains the decremental margin, which approximated 50% in the quarter.  If you flip to Slide #5. Again, taking a quick look at our earnings per share, as we mentioned reconciling for rationalization charges and also taking out the positive impact of the gains on the financial investments, we would have lost about $0.05 in the quarter compared to the $0.03 of income last year.  If you flip to Slide #6. In terms of our Cabinet business, we were down about 24% in the quarter compared to last year. If we exclude the Cabinet-related products that we're exiting, we would have been off about 13%. We had a decremental margin of 26%, which pretty much approximates our contribution margin. We did have slightly less favorable price/commodity relationship in the quarter. As we've mentioned in the past or last quarter, we've got some particleboard challenges in Europe. We also had under absorption of fixed cost, but also had some cost reductions that offset a good portion of that.  If you flip to Slide #7. We continue to be on track with the cabinet integration. We believe in the fourth quarter -- or excuse me, in the first quarter, that on a sequential basis compared to the fourth quarter, that we were able to increase our share position. So again, if we compare the first quarter of '11 versus the first quarter of 2010, probably down still a little bit in terms of share. But on a sequential basis, coming from the fourth quarter into the first quarter, we had some nice gains in the home center channel, driven largely by promotions. We continue to do well in the builder channel and in the dealer channel, we feel like we more than held our own in the first quarter.  We continue to add dealers under our Dealer Advantage Program. We now have almost 350 dealers that have added a Masco brand, another Masco brand, if you will, and about 125 of those dealers are new. We've also done some very good work from a process improvement standpoint, reducing our boarding time, on-boarding time for new dealers from weeks to days. So we feel very good about that, and we continue to get some good traction, particularly with builders with our countertop precision model. We continue to believe that breakeven for this segment is about $1.6 billion in terms of revenue, and we've talked about that in the past, and we've also talked about the fixed cost reduction of approximately $180 million. If you flip to Slide #8, Plumbing Products. Had another solid quarter. We were up 7% in the quarter. Margins were flat, relatively flat with last year, just slightly down. Generally speaking, we would have anticipated a little higher incremental margin on these sales. Our contribution margin approximate 30%. But we did  [Audio Gap]  favorable price/commodity relationships in this particular segment. I mentioned about $10 million roughly overall. About $4 million of that would have related to Plumbing and less favorable product mix in terms of the profitability in this segment. If you flip to Slide #9. Again, another solid quarter for our Plumbing business. It continues to be driven by the work we're doing around our brands, innovation, design, global expansion. We believe we had a good quarter from a share perspective in terms of North America both at Wholesale and Retail, and I would point out that our 2 flagship brands, Hansgrohe and Delta, had very strong quarters, with sales up mid-to-low teens in terms of those 2 businesses. We continue to emphasize innovation. Our Touch2O Technology is being applied to lav faucets for the bathroom, and those were launched in April, and we anticipate some very favorable response to that product launch. We also had some nice recognition in the quarter. Delta has been nominated as a finalist for an Effie Award, which is one of the most prestigious awards relative to advertising. And we talked a little bit about the improvements we've made there in terms of unaided brand awareness. They've done a very good job of positioning and promoting the brand. And Hansgrohe, again, received a Product Design Award from the Federal Republic of Germany. So again, those are important recognitions, and we're very proud of both of those businesses. If you flip to Slide #10, Installation and Other Services. We were off in this segment 7% in terms of sales. We did a modest improvement in terms of profitability in the quarter compared to last year's quarter, notwithstanding the fact that we were down $19 million in sales. We continue to benefit from a very good job of cost management in this segment, had a little bit of help from mix as well, just in terms of comparison to the first quarter of last year. If you flip to Slide #11. We continue to improve our position from an Insulation Installation standpoint. We mentioned before that we thought that we may have cut a little bit too deep. We've added some salespeople. We talked about the expanded strategic relationship with Owens Corning last quarter. The result of that is we're seeing a lot of positive bidding activity. We think we've got a very good chance in terms of improvement from a share perspective going forward. This continues to be a competitive environment. Our feeling is a lot of our competitors are struggling at this point. So we think we've got some really good opportunities from a share perspective, and believe that from the fourth quarter, again looking sequentially, that we were able to gain share in the first quarter of 2011, still probably a little bit below where we were in the first quarter of 2010, but making some good progress. We think with the ERP system, the leadership changes that we've talked about, some of the other organizational changes that we're heading in the right direction relative to the Installation segment and anticipate improving performance going forward. From a breakeven standpoint, we estimate breakeven at 700,000 to 750,000 starts as we've mentioned in the past, probably a little closer to the 750,000.  If you flip to Slide #12, please, Decorative Architectural Products. Sales in this segment were off 4%, and essentially all of that decline is explained by programs that we launched at Wal-Mart both in Paint, which we announced last year, as well as builders' hardware. Our Paint without that Wal-Mart sales loss would have been up slightly in the quarter. Decremental margin continues to be in excess of our contribution margin, and we're down about $17 million in terms of profit versus last year on a $14 million sales decline, obviously, with still very strong margins in this segment. And I would suggest that, that $17 million -- think about that maybe in 3 buckets. About 1/3 of that would relate to volume decline. A little less than 1/3 relates to unfavorable price/commodity relationships, and the remainder would be program cost related to new opportunities that we're pursuing. Having said that, we continue to face raw material supply challenges relative to Paint. We think we're managing through that very well at this point in time, but it is a situation where supply of both resins and TiO2 continues to be tight. If you flip to Slide #13. As I mentioned, we've expended some money and continue to pursue top line opportunities in both Paint and hardware. We've talked about the Direct to Pro program and as part of that, we launched Kilz Pro-X earlier this year, and we should have all the Home Depot stores set by the end of the second quarter. I think we're a little over halfway there, so we're excited about the opportunities there.  We also had some very good recognition in terms of both the Behr and the Kilz brand. Behr, as we mentioned previously, achieved #1 rankings in a recent independent consumer study. Kilz also fared very well in that study, I might add. And in a recent Harris poll, Kilz was ranked highest among Paint brands for the second year in a row. Behr did very well in that particular poll as well. And both of those brands do very well in terms of performance, quality assessments and that type of thing. We also believe that in the quarter, based on track line, that Behr continued to increase share across all do-it-yourself codings-related categories. If you flip to Slide #14, Other Specialty Products. Sales, 2%, just up a little bit, continue to benefit from share gains, as well as new product introductions, geographic expansion. We did have a increase in the loss in this segment, notwithstanding the fact that sales were up slightly. That reflects some unfavorable price/commodity relationship, a minor amount there, relatively insignificant, new product launch and geographic expansion costs and some unfavorable mix. We continue to do well in terms of share for both Milgard in the Western United States. They continue to do very well. The U.K. Window Group in the United Kingdom continues to gain share. And as I mentioned, we've done some things with the Milgard brand in terms of expanding into both Western Canada, as well as Texas. If you flip to Slide 15. I mentioned earlier that we had some nice improvements in terms of working capital. And as you can see, when we take inventories plus receivables, less payables, we were able to -- and compare that to last 12 months sales, we were down about 80 basis points. So continue to see some very good performance across all of our businesses, really appreciate the effort from our folks across the company, not only in managing working capital, but in continuing to address some of the challenges in the marketplace and certainly, the continued implementation of the Masco Business System. So a lot of positives relative to balance sheet management and as I mentioned earlier, we ended the quarter with $1.5 billion of cash. I want to make a couple of comments before we go to the Q&A to wrap up. Obviously, economic signals at this point in time are relatively mixed, and most economists have reduced their expectations for 2011. And we currently see a less robust year than we might have anticipated just a couple of months ago, and currently anticipate that starts will probably be up somewhere around 10% for the full year. I would remind folks that we tend to operate on a lag basis, and with most of  about a 90-day lag basis I would point out. And with most of those starts probably generated in the second half, we won't see a lot of positive impact necessarily this year.  The blue chip consensus, I think, is for 630,000 starts. That came down here recently, and a 10% improvement pretty much equates to a number in that ballpark. Having said that, as we have been, we'll continue to focus on those things that we have control over. We'll continue to drive the Masco Business System across the enterprise, continue to focus on innovation. We've done a very good job there, and continue to manage our cost structure to fit the circumstance that we're in. While it's way, way too early to talk to any specifics, I'm excited about some of the opportunities that are developing across our businesses in a variety of product lines. We'll have more to say about that later this year. But we are looking at some very good opportunities again in a variety of products, that when the time comes, we'll share some more specifics about that.  We continue to make some progress on the Installation and Cabinets side. Last time, we were together mid-April -- or excuse me, mid-February, we talked about our anticipation that we could improve the operating performance there fairly significantly this year and reduce losses from last year, adjusted losses by $60 million to $80 million. Our sense is, right now, that we still anticipate some significant improvement in both of these segments. But given the decline on housing starts, we anticipate those numbers are probably going to be somewhere in the $40 million to $60 million range. But again, still some very good improvement. We also believe that on a full-year basis, that we will be successful in terms of offsetting commodity cost and other inflation. Again, that's on a full-year basis. We had a little bit of a negative impact in the first quarter, as I mentioned, roughly $10 million. But based on work that we've already done and other items, we've got a couple of things yet to do, but feel very confident about our ability to be successful there, but our feeling is that we should be in very good shape. We talked about headwinds on our last conference call of $30 million to $40 million, but our feeling right now is that we have those covered. Obviously, commodities tend to be a fluid situation. There could be some additional increases, going forward, that we'll have to deal with, and we will. But we have been very successful working with suppliers, working on productivity, cost reductions and implementing price increases. So we feel very good about where we are at this point in time. And I would say for modeling purposes, if you were to use our overall contribution margin of 30% on whatever you think revenue changes might be, that's probably a pretty good proxy.  From a long-term standpoint, continue to feel very comfortable, very confident about the fundamentals for our markets. Obviously, things are a little slower than we would have hoped or liked this year, but we still feel that over the long term, those fundamentals are positive for both repair/remodel, new home construction, and feel very confident that when we get back to top line sales in that $10 million to $12 million range, that we'll be able to generate double digit return on sales and also drive value and returns that are consistent with our shareholders' desire. And with that, we'll open up the lines for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: A couple of quick questions. First off, your Installation revenues now seem to be running closer to what -- if you lag starts on a 3-month basis, it's getting closer to that, which suggests that the demand situation for you guys is improving, or at least -- I'm trying to get a sense of how much of it -- you call it sequential market share improvements, but how much of that is market share versus maybe improved pricing or better take per home? It seems much more of a tighter relationship with starts than it had been in 2010.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, no, I think that's true, Sam. Basically, if you look at -- our sales were down in the segment 7%. I think lag starts are down about 3%, and so we have closed that gap. I would tell you that revenue per job, which we talked about last year, compared first quarter of last year to first quarter of this year, is also down about 3%. And that for the most part, reflects less diversified products. As we've mentioned in the past, builders continue to de-content, less fireplaces, things of that nature. So we are down a little bit, but I think your observation is correct. We have narrowed that gap, and do feel that going into the first quarter, that we were, again, on a sequential basis we're probably still down a little bit from last year's first quarter but again, closing the gap, and did make some progress fourth quarter to first quarter.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Second question. You haven't talked about this in a little while or at least quantified it, but what do you peg your EPS sensitivity on an annual basis to housing starts? Every 100,000 starts is now about $0.10 or so, or what do you peg the sensitivity?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, 100,000 starts, I think, would generate, Sam, about $300 million of top line roughly. And that would convert at probably, roughly, that's probably a reasonable proxy that's about $100 million. So that would probably be about what, $0.15, $0.16, John?
John Sznewajs: Yes, that's about right.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, so itd probably be about $0.15, $0.16, Sam.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Last question and I will defer to others. You mentioned capturing or covering the $30 million to $40 million. Can you help me understand what covering means? Does that mean that the $30 million to $40 million will not occur, or is that what you -- or you're still paying the $30 million to $40 million in inflation?
Timothy Wadhams: No. What we mean by that, Sam, is that when we talked about the $30 million to $40 million in terms of headwind, that was a situation where although we anticipated being able to cover it, hadnt necessarily initiated actions or got our ducks in a row, if you will, to approach that. At this point in time, even though there's a bit of work left to do, i.e. finalizing some discussions, that type of thing, we feel very good that we've been able to -- that I have a high confidence level that we'll be able to work our way through that $30 million to $40 million. And again, that's just a small portion of the impact for the full year. When you look at total inflation and total commodity cost increases, those are significant numbers, obviously. But the $30 million to $40 million was what we had left that still needed to be thoughtfully addressed, I guess, would be the best way to put it.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. Appreciate it.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay, thank you, Sam.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Lisnic with Robert W. Baird.
Joshua Chan: This is Josh Chan, filling in for Pete. I was wondering what your, I guess, strategic implication would be for your Installation segment, given your reduced outlook in new construction? I mean, it seems like you're focused on gaining share, but the outlook has worsened a little bit.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, well, I think that's true, Josh. The outlook is a little bit less robust than we would have anticipated. Having said that, we're of the opinion that some of our competitors are having a more difficult time at this point in time than, well, than certainly we are. And that's providing, we think, some opportunity for us. And as we indicated earlier, we've done some things from an organizational structure standpoint. We've done some things from an incentive standpoint. We've got the ERP system implementation that will be finalized here in the next couple of months. So we feel pretty good about where we are from just a managerial standpoint, if you will, and we've seen a significant increase in bidding activity. We've been able to be successful there. We also are developing some opportunities with some of the larger builders at this point in time, too early to talk about. But we think we've got some very good opportunities to do some things, given our scale and the depth of our branch locations. So we feel pretty good about the opportunity. Obviously, the environment is tougher. But having said that, I think our guys have demonstrated that they can do a pretty good job of cost management, and we'll continue to get after that. We have seen some improved -- on our retrofit sales as well, and we do a little bit of commercial work. That's been a challenge here over the last few quarters, but we're seeing a little bit more, just in terms of bidding activity there as well. So notwithstanding the fact the market's tough, I think we're cautiously optimistic that some of the changes that we've made, some of the additional sales people, should put us in a positive position to take advantage of the opportunity that's out there.
Joshua Chan: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color on that, and then switching to, I guess, the price-cost relationship in Paint. I mean, I believe some of your peers are actually saying that the year-over-year headwind will actually be worse before it gets better. I mean, do you have a more optimistic outlook on the cost side than that, or can you talk about...
Timothy Wadhams: No, we do not, Josh. We don't have a more optimistic outlook. We continue to manage through tight supply relationships relative to resins and also TiO2. We believe that in talking with our major customers, that we should be in good shape relative to the product that we'll need, the raw material that we'll need for our operations, don't anticipate any constraints there. But costs could continue to rise going forward. There's no question about that. So we'll have to address that at such time as we see those kinds of developments. But we do feel that we're in pretty good shape from the ability to fulfill our needs.
Joshua Chan: Okay, and then just, I guess, more clarity with you talking about flat, not having a price-cost headwind for the year, does that mean Paint would also be flat or will there be...
Timothy Wadhams: We're taking a look at that, Josh, on an overall company standpoint. Last year, from a company perspective, I think we had negative price-commodity in the approximately $60 million range. And as we mentioned, a lot of that was in Plumbing and Paint, related to metals and inputs for Paint. In the first quarter, that number was $10 million. That's down from, I think, $20 million in the fourth quarter, and about $4 million of that probably hits Paint, about $4 million of that hits Plumbing roughly. So yes, what we're really talking about is being able to offset what we know at this point in time. Now again, it's a fluid situation, things could change. Energy costs have obviously gone up pretty dramatically, but based on what we know right now, we think we're in pretty good shape.
Joshua Chan: Okay. Great. Thank you for your time.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks. First question I wanted to ask was in the Plumbing division. The Hansgrohe segment has been a pretty strong sales driver, probably for the last year or 2, and this quarter, it sounds like Delta also contributed. So I wanted to get some color on that and as well, you talked about the global expansion model, and that obviously, with Hansgrohe, and the design success of the high end and exporting that to different parts of the country -- I'm sorry, different parts of the world. That makes sense. You mentioned that you were going to be transitioning that to Delta as well. So I was wondering if I could get some color on that too.
Donald Demarie: Sure, yes, Nishu. This is Donnie. Be happy to take that. Yes, we get really strong performance in the quarter from both Hansgrohe and Delta, and Delta continues to do very well in both the Retail and the Showroom segments of the business. They have great new innovative products. They've done a lot related to the brand. Our Touch Technology is really resonating with the consumer. We've done a lot of hard work on our supply chain to reposition some of our lower SKUs more competitively, and that's really paid off both in top line and bottom line. So we feel really good about the work we've done at Delta. Hansgrohe is doing well and has been doing well for a long time. They really are focused at the high-end of the market in design and style and really, the solid German engineering, the product, and it's really resonated well in the emerging markets. Hansgrohe has been expanding internationally now for about the last 15 years and really have a very unique system for prioritizing markets, market entry and really going at it from an organic basis to get into markets, penetrate the existing channels and understand the consumer, have the right product assortment. And we really have focused heavily on international development for our North American businesses for about the last 2 years. Delta and Hansgrohe have been working very closely together at identifying target markets. We think based on consumer segmentation, those 2 brands play very well, with Hansgrohe really on the design high-end side, Delta in that mid-market technology play. And they've been doing some neat things. So a lot of the gain we're seeing here in the quarter is related to the Hansgrohe global expansion; Delta, more about what's going on in North America. But we have really laid the seeds for a strong Delta-Hansgrohe partnership outside of North America. So we feel really good about that.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, the other thing I would say too, Nishu, is that we  [Audio Gap]  specific about the Delta and Hansgrohe brands in the first quarter. But I think it would be erroneous to not assume that Delta hasn't done very well over the course of the last couple of years in terms of top line growth. We've talked a lot about the innovation that theyve brought out. They've done a really nice job of repositioning the brand. As we've mentioned in the past, I think if you go back, unaided brand awareness was up 9 points in a 2-year period of time, which is basically unheard of. So we've gotten good contributions from both of the flagship brands, if you will, and along with some of the other brands in that segment over the course of the last couple of years.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, and I think that's very helpful. And in the other Specialty Products division, Milgard, the expansion into Western Canada, and I think you mentioned some other parts of -- in Texas as well. Now Milgard, I believe, has had some attempts at expansion before to other parts of the country. So transitioning window products from region to region is always tough because of building codes and builder preferences and brand awareness, and stuff like that. So how did those experiences in the past translate to what you're trying now? And maybe just some thoughts on that.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think what you're referring to, we did attempt to expand into Virginia several years ago. That didn't work out real well for us. We do have an operation in Chicago that is continuing to get traction from a top line perspective. I think the thing that's a little bit different about Western Canada and Texas is the climate and the types of products. Milgard has very strong presence in Washington, Oregon, California, Nevada, Arizona, and so the types of products that we sell into those different markets are a little more compatible, I think. And again, this is my take, a little more compatible with what the requirements are in Western Canada, as well as what we think the opportunity is in Texas. I don't know, Donnie, if you've got any color on any of that.
Donald Demarie: That's right. And Tim, when you think of -- what the product that we have in the Pacific Northwest and coming out of Tacoma, Western Canada, this is a national extension for us. It's a nice shifting radius from our manufacturing facilities, and the product in Western Canada is very similar to the product that we sell into the Pacific Northwest. Into the Texas market, Texas tends to  has historically been more of a low-end aluminum market. That has transitioned into a vinyl market, very similar to the products that we sell into Arizona and Nevada, New Mexico. So we feel really good about our expansion into Texas. We have some customer service locations there, as well as some sales reps, and we have some dealers set up, and we're currently shipping product out of Arizona, and feel really good about that. We also have been able to work with Milgard and Behr to come up with some colors on our vinyl windows, to where we had some dark color extrusion that doesn't absorb any heat, which stops the actual extrusion from creating any -- from bowing or really any size variation related to some of the heat that we get related to the sun in those climates. So we think we have a differentiated product that we can bring into Texas, with the Milgard value proposition, and Pacific Northwest going into Canada, is just a natural extension for us.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG: Got it. And final, just quickly on your restructuring charges are already, I think, a little more than half of what you'd forecast for the year. Does that mean they'll be mainly front-loaded, or will they be higher than originally expected?
John Sznewajs: No, this is John. No, we said  [Audio Gap]  Id say about $32 million in the first quarter. Most of that's related to the wind down of our facility in Waverley, Ohio, our ready-to-assemble Cabinet business. We've always expected to wind down here in the second quarter. So we knew they were going to be front-end loaded, partially communicated that upfront when we first gave the number in the middle of February, as we kind of knew how these were going to roll out, but nothing new or nothing expanded at this point.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Wiggins with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Wiggins - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Can I just revisit one of the earlier questions on the Installation strategy? And I'm just curious, do you have -- in your internal discussions, is there ever kind of a breaking point that's discussed where you say maybe it makes you change your strategic thought, and I appreciate the long-term view. But I'm just wondering if there's something internally ever discussed to say maybe it's time to start thinking of a different direction.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think that, that starts to get into, Chris, a portfolio management kind of question in terms of that business, and as we have communicated before, when you start thinking about the alternatives that exist, one is walking away from the business. We don't think that makes any sense. One might be to try to sell it, or maybe spin it out or do something else, and a third alternative with a situation like that is to hold and try to improve. And our sense has been that there is a much more significant value-creation opportunity by continuing to manage the business as best we can, trying to take as much share as possible. And that over the longer term, given the investment we've got, the scale we've got, the capabilities we've got, we think that will generate a more significant return for shareholders over the long run, and one that we think will be very attractive. And obviously, we're enduring some short-term pain to get there, and we continue to manage that as aggressively as we possibly can. But our feeling is that we still have a relatively unique capability, that from a marketplace standpoint, brings a lot of differentiation. And we're continuing to do everything we can to improve that business. But certainly believe that continuing to manage it, continuing to hold it over the long term makes a lot of sense from a shareholder perspective and gives us a nice value-creation opportunity going forward.
Christopher Wiggins - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. Great. And could you speak directionally on the promotional activity across the company this quarter versus last quarter and how you expect that to trend going forward?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Just promotional activity right now for us is probably a little bit higher than typical, and that would be -- if you think about it from a Cabinet perspective, that would relate to cabs at the big-box category, where we have been very active in terms of promotion. We had a promotion that initiated in early March that winds up later this week. So that's been a timing issue, if you will. We typically have a couple of promotional endeavors there annually. So that happens to be more of a timing kind of issue. In terms of Plumbing, we do have some new product launches. We talked about the application of the Touch2O Technology to lav faucets for the bathroom. We're launching product. We've got window product that we've launched. We've launched the R.E.D. line at Arrow in Other Specialty. So those will be a couple of areas where promotional activities have kicked in. We've recently, in the Paint category, again seasonally, we've got some things that have kicked in. So I would say that if were thinking about where we are right now, we're probably with new product launches, which include Windows, as well as the R.E.D. line and Other Specialty, with what we're doing in the launch, the Pro-X program and seasonally, there's probably a little bit more activity now. I wouldn't call it necessarily extraordinary but again, I think that you'll see us continue to promote. I don't anticipate this year will be an unusual year compared to prior years, and those things tend to go up and down a little bit based on the facts and circumstances that you're dealing with. But I don't know, Donnie, if there's anything you want to add to that.
Donald Demarie: I would say, Tim, outside of Cabinets, to me, it feels about the same. Cabinets has been a market that has been really driven by heavy promotion for some period of time. So, really, if you're looking at '11 versus '10, we certainly are being a little bit more aggressive on the Cabinet side. Our competitors have been very aggressive, really, through the past 2 years on the promotional side. So outside of that, the rest of the segments, really, pretty much normal activity related to new product launches.
Christopher Wiggins - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: All right. That's very helpful. Thank you. And last question if I could, and I realize, obviously, it's early in the year. But with your outlooks kind of tempered a bit, could you just provide an update on your comfort level with your debt covenants and particularly, I guess, the interest coverage, which I think notches up a little bit in the fourth quarter?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Chris. Our interest coverage covenant, we don't think should be an issue despite the fact that we have, to use your term, we have a tempered outlook. We've looked at it pretty closely and based on our internal forecast for our earnings level, we feel pretty comfortable with where we're at on both covenants throughout the balance of this year.
Christopher Wiggins - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
William Wong: This is actually Will Wong, on for Mike. I just had a quick question about the Cabinets in terms of adding more dealers, you guys said you added over 300 dealers -- or 300 dealers have added a Masco brand since April 2010, and I know you guys spoke before about some of the additional revenue impact in a couple of years, like, maybe 2 or 3 years, but what do you see in terms of additional revenue impact just for the next quarter or 2, or just for the full year of 2011?
Timothy Wadhams: We would say that the opportunity, Will, is we think somewhere between $50 million and $60 million. And what we mean by that is that if these dealers were to have the same level of activity that they had in the past year, that's what we would equate that opportunity to. That doesn't necessarily mean that, that will be the top line impact this year but on an annual basis, that's what we believe the opportunity is.
William Wong: Okay, fair enough. And just 1 more question too about rationalization charges. You talked about $65 million of rationalization charges for the full year, and it was front-loaded with $32 million this quarter. But just given the current economic environment, if things go a little bit -- or if things don't get better as planned, do you expect any more rationalization charges on top of that $65 million?
Timothy Wadhams: At this point, Will, I would say it's really too early to speculate on that. Obviously, if things deteriorate, the outlook tends to be kind of gloomy going forward into 2012. There are certainly -- we're constantly looking at all of our -- across the enterprise, at the cost structure. We've got process improvements. We've got productivity initiatives, supply chain initiatives, a lot of different things going on. At this point, don't necessarily see a big item that would generate a restructuring charge that would be of a significant magnitude. We talked about the West Jordan Cabinet facility, late last year, early first quarter. That was a pretty big knot in terms of a charge. But at this point, I wouldn't necessarily see anything but again, I wouldn't rule that out. There could be opportunities for us to do some things to enhance the cost structure, whether they might be a combination of a couple of businesses, or whatever that we haven't thought of at this point that may come up down the road. So I wouldn't rule anything out. But at this time, I think the $65 million is a pretty good estimate for this year.
William Wong: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ivan Marcuse with Northcoast Research.
Ivan Marcuse - Northcoast Research: Thank you for taking my question. My first question is on the Plumbing, going back to Delta, is there at 1 point, is there any plans to expand the product, where you have to add capacity to grow it internationally, or is it something where your existing capacity should suffice for now, and that you'll just ship from the existing plants?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I don't think that we'd be looking at any kind of an expansion that would require any brick-and-mortar, Ivan, at this point. We should be able to either source and/or manufacture what we're thinking about and ship at this point.
Ivan Marcuse - Northcoast Research: Okay, and then moving over to the Specialty real quick and the costs, were those costs that you incurred this year or this quarter, will that continue to impact the second quarter, or does that sort of the expansion go overall in the first quarter, and maybe you shouldn't see those costs again in the second or third quarter?
Timothy Wadhams: I would guess, Ivan, there's probably going to be a little bit more cost. I mean, as Donnie mentioned, we're adding some dealers and typically, there's an on-boarding process that goes with that. You may have some displays and some other things that you have to set. So I would guess that there'll be some costs going forward over the next couple of quarters.
Ivan Marcuse - Northcoast Research: And then real quick on WellHome, is that continuing to be expanded, or is that sort of the brakes have been put on, and what kind of costs did that incur during this first quarter?
Timothy Wadhams: We had a quarter that was comparable to last year's first quarter. We were -- that cost us about $4 million in the quarter and again, that was not incremental. That's consistent with last year's first quarter. And no, we are not expanding that business at this point in time. I think we have 17 locations. And as we mentioned, we brought those up last year, I think, probably through about the second quarter, if my memory is correct, and have not done any further expansion at this point in time.
Ivan Marcuse - Northcoast Research: Is there any expectation that you will, or is it just sort of a...
Timothy Wadhams: Too early to tell at this point, Ivan, and again, I would say that that's probably less likely than more likely.
Ivan Marcuse - Northcoast Research: And then my last question was in Europe with the particleboard, how much did that cost in the quarter from a commodity standpoint? And do you expect those costs to continue throughout the year?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that's being running us, John, I think, what, about a $4 million a quarter for the last couple of quarters?
John Sznewajs: $4 million to $5 million a quarter.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, negative, yes. And I would anticipate that we're probably looking at another quarter or so. The guys are working on some alternatives. But at this point, yes, it's still an issue.
Ivan Marcuse - Northcoast Research: What's sort of -- what's driving that challenge in Europe?
Timothy Wadhams: Limited supply, and I think -- was there a fire in a plant over there? Do I remember that?
John Sznewajs: Yes, there's a plant  there was some capacity was taken out over there, but to Tim's point  Ivan, just limited supply base over there.
Ivan Marcuse - Northcoast Research: Got you. Thanks again for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question is David Goldberg with UBS.
Susan Maklari: It's actually Susan for David. Just wanted to talk a little bit in terms of your cash flow, looking forward, weve sort of been through the worst in terms of the demand side of things. You've gotten the balance sheet in good shape with the revolver and all those kinds of things. Any thoughts on starting to get back to maybe more share repurchases, or increasing the dividend, those kinds of things?
Timothy Wadhams: No, not at this point, Susan. As I think you're aware, we have about $800 million of a debt maturity due in August or Sept...
John Sznewajs: July.
Timothy Wadhams: July of 2012. And so from our standpoint, as we've said to investors in the past, when you have that initial -- we've retired about $50 million of what was $850 million of original issuance. And when you take that with the $300 million that we retired in March of 2010, that's $1.150 billion. What weve indicated to investors is that we believe that on a net basis, that we'll retire about $300 million of that $1.150 billion debt. That requires some refinancing, if you will, obviously, of the remaining portion. And that, obviously, is something that has to be developed over the course of the next year or so. Having said that, from our standpoint, continuing to be somewhat conservative from a balance sheet perspective, making sure we've got a strong cash balance in case we don't refi that debt for whatever reason, and we certainly would anticipate being successful there, I don't think that it makes sense for us to be thinking at this point about increases in the dividend or share repurchases. Obviously, as we get into the recovery, we see some expansion in terms of our business. We certainly have had a very strong history of cash flow generation. That 5-year period '03 through '07, we averaged about $1 billion free cash flow a year, and that's with $1.5 billion of CapEx, and another $300 million of investment in displays during that same 5-year period. We were able to reduce our shares outstanding by about 30%, and so just to give folks a little reminder, I guess, in terms of the capacity and capability that we have to generate cash. But I think it's probably a little bit too early in the cycle to be thinking about share repo and/or dividend increase at this point in time.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, I noticed that you left your CapEx forecast for the year, about the same as that $190 million level. Given the fact that your outlook is a bit more tempered maybe, how confident are you in that? Is there more risk that maybe that comes down a little bit more or changes?
John Sznewajs: Yes, Susan, as with the CapEx forecast of $190 million, there is a little opportunity that could come down a little bit. But that said, if you take a look at our CapEx that we spent over the last couple of years, it's far below where our historical rate has been, which is about 2% of sales. And then so with that said, we are expanding a couple of our facilities. Hansgrohe overseas is expanding a couple of their facilities to meet the demand that they're facing in the emerging markets. So while there might be a slight opportunity for that number to come down, I wouldn't say it's going to be dramatic.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our final question comes from Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill: Thanks for squeezing me in. First question just had to do with the overall revenue trends. You guys talked about March being a flattish cap on a core basis, and we had to bill a ton [ph] of tax credit last year, and we had good Retail trends last March as well, so I would take that to be pretty favorable, but then you kind of talked about just being conservative from some of the macro trends. But can you just maybe elaborate on that? Maybe talk about how April looks as well, realizing that tough comp continues into this month?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, to your point, Dennis, we did have a very strong March and April last year. We started out, I think, January, February of 2010 were down slightly, and we were up, I believe, just a little bit in excess of 7% in both March and April of last year. And as we indicated this year, our February and March results were -- if you exclude Cabinet products that we're exiting, were basically flat with last year. So obviously, a pretty nice trend. Unfortunately, going into April, based on what we know right now, it looks like April sales will be off, and I'm going to guess, probably mid-single digits, at least, the way things look right now. And again, we've had some -- we don't like to talk about weather, but a lot of people have been talking about weather. Weather's been horrible in most areas, and I think that's probably had some impact, although it was pretty tough in March as well. So based on what we know right now, April looks like it's going to come in probably mid-single digit, down from last year, strong last year in April.
Dennis McGill: Right. Okay. That's helpful. Second question, this is maybe a little bit long, but all these things are related. When we think about some of the offsets to the strength that you're seeing in some of your core brands, and then I focus on the 3 segments, can you just help us with quantifying the lost volume from Wal-Mart business, the trends that you're seeing from cabinet dealers, existing cabinet dealers as to whether theyre expanding their relationship with you, or if you're seeing any turnover among existing dealers that might offset the new dealers? And then within the Plumbing business, you talked about mid-teens growth within Delta and Hansgrohe. But I think that would imply the rest of the business is down somewhere in the mid-single digit-type range. So can you help us how we should think about some of those offsets that might mitigate the strength that you're seeing with new products or other brands?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think on the Wal-Mart question, Dennis, my sense is they prefer that we not talk about the amount of business. As I did mention, relative to Wal-Mart, we had both some builders' hardware, as well as Paint declines in the first quarter. And as I mentioned, if we excluded the implications to Paint, we would have been up a little bit in terms of Paint. But our sense is they prefer that we not quantify that Paint program. In terms of cab dealers, we did mention that we have been able to add 25 dealers, and we have been able to add a Masco brand at almost 350 dealers. So obviously, some of those are existing. And our sense is that we have not lost any dealers. So I think that was part of your question. Now we had a little bit of static on the line, and so I think I'm reading into it a little bit. So we haven't lost any dealers, and I think I mentioned that our estimate of what we've been able to impact from a added-brand standpoint equates to, on an annual basis, and again, not necessarily going to affect 2010 top line, but about $55 million in terms of sales. And your question, your last question was on Plumbing, with Delta and Hansgrohe up low to mid-teens, does that suggest that the remaining Plumbing business is down? And I would say that's not necessarily the case. We continue to do well with hot tubs, which obviously continues to be a surprise to us, but I think is really reflective of a very strong market position, an excellent job of bringing out an opening price point product, and just a very well-run business. And the fact that we've seen some guys go out of business, if you will, in terms of competitors. So I would say that's been a bright spot as well. Most of the rest of the businesses, we do some supply things and some valves and that type of thing. I would say we're modestly better. Probably, the only area where we saw any significant decline would have been in Canada in the Plumbing segment. We were down in Canada. We enjoyed a really, really strong 2010 in Canada as we mentioned last year. So we saw a little bit of a falloff there and again, their economy is slowing down a bit. So from that standpoint, I think that certainly is explainable. But for the most part, I think we feel like we're holding our own from a share standpoint in Plumbing. And I can't tell you of any -- off the top of my head, any category that we're concerned about from a margin or a share perspective. So we feel pretty good about what's going on across that entire segment.
Dennis McGill: And I'm sorry for the static, kind of cut my side.
Timothy Wadhams: It's okay.
Dennis McGill: But I was referring to -- are you seeing any revenue per dealer changes? Are you seeing existing dealers maintain the pace of the market as you run through the integration?
Timothy Wadhams: I would say that absent the comments we've made in the past about any issues around the common architecture program, I think that our dealers are pretty much holding their own based on what we understand, yes, just in terms of trends.
Dennis McGill: Okay. Thanks, again, guys.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay, thank you very much, and I thank all of you for your participation today. We appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-15 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Donald Demarie - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Dahl Christopher Wiggins - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc William Wong Chad Bolen - Raymond James Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2010 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] If you have not received the press release and supplemental information, they are available on Masco's website, along with today's slide presentation, under the Investor Relations section at www.masco.com. Before we begin management's presentation, the company wants to direct your attention to the current slide and the note at the end of the earnings release, which are cautionary reminders about statements that reflect the company's views about its future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures. After a brief discussion by management, the call will be open for analyst questions. [Operator Instructions] If we are unable to get to your question during this call, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations office at (313) 792-5500. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Clayton, and thanks to all of you for joining us today for Masco's fourth quarter and full year 2010 earnings call. I'm joined by Donnie Demarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and John Sznewajs, our CFO. And if you please flip to Slide #3, we'll start with the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter sales were off 9%. Excluding unusual items in the quarter, business rationalization charges, impairment charges for goodwill and other intangibles and normalizing our tax rate to 36%, we would have lost $0.08 [per common share] in the quarter compared to $0.05 of income in the fourth quarter of 2009. On an as-reported basis, including those items and a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, we would have lost approximately $2.96 in the fourth quarter. Gross margins, adjusted for the items that I described earlier, decreased 370 basis points to 23.2%. And for those of you who have had a chance to look at the appendix, we do have a reconciliation of EPS, gross margins, as well as operating income in the appendix.  If you flip to Slide #4, please. We did have some significant charges in the fourth quarter. We had a goodwill and other intangible impairment of $721 million. That primarily relates to our Installation-related business. I think you're all aware that on an annual basis, we do a goodwill impairment test. That's a discounted cash flow, has a lot of assumptions in it. We did tweak a couple of the assumptions in terms of the terminal year, reducing housing starts from 1.6 million to 1.5 million -- that's about a 6% reduction -- and an increase in the discount rate, and those two essentially drove the impairment charge.  In terms of deferred tax assets, this is a very highly technical accounting area. The fact that we are in a three-year cumulative loss position, in large part driven by some of the charges that we've taken over the course of the last couple of years, negates previously identified tax strategies and puts us in a position where we had to record a valuation allowance for those deferred tax assets of $370 million (sic) [$371 million]. Those assets, incidentally, are still available to us from an economic standpoint in terms of limiting cash taxes going forward. Both of those items cost about $2.76 in the quarter. That's the EPS impact, and I would point out, very importantly, that we were able to amend our credit agreement just a couple of days ago. So we continue to have significant availability, I think about $1.1 billion in terms of availability under the line.  If you flip to Slide #5, take a quick look at the full year. Net sales on a full year basis were down 3%. Again, excluding the items I mentioned earlier, adjusting for those, our earnings per share would have been $0.16 in 2010 compared to $0.31 in 2009. I would point out to you, and it is on the reconciliation in the back, that we did have increased other expense this year over last year of about $72 million pretax. That's about $0.13 in terms of earnings per share. That reflects interest, currency translation, losses and impairments for financial investments. Our loss on an as-reported basis in the year would have been $3 per share. And gross margins, as adjusted, would have been down only 10 basis points to 26.4%. Working capital, as a percent of sales, improved to 13.4%. I'll talk a little more about that later. We generated $290 million of free cash flow and very importantly, ended the year with $1.7 billion of cash. If you please [audio gap] Slide #6. Obviously, 2010 was a very challenging year for us. We came out of 2009 with a relatively strong operating performance offsetting a lot of volume drop with cost reductions and improvement in price/commodity relationships and had some nice momentum going into 2010. The first half was a little more positive. I think our sales were up 2%, 3%, and the second half was much more challenging. We saw housing starts slow in the second half. We saw expenditures for big ticket repair/remodel items continue to be deferred. And I think it's a good point for me to talk about our sales to key retailers.  In the fourth quarter, our sales to key retailers were off mid-teens. About 2/3 of that decline relates to our Cabinet-related businesses and as you know, we're exiting some products related to Cabinets. That would put our non-Cabinet business off mid-single digit in the fourth quarter. That's up against the pretty tough comp in the fourth quarter of 2009 when sales to key retail customers were up 8%, and we had pretty strong Cabinet results in the fourth quarter of '09. From a trend standpoint, if you take a look at the third quarter, we were off 4% in terms of sales to key retailers. About half of that related to our Cabinet business, which would put our non-Cabinet business off about 2% in the third quarter. So for comparative purposes, off mid-single digit in the fourth quarter for non-Cabinet business, off about 2% in the third quarter for non-Cabinet business. Full year adjusted gross margins and operating margins were pretty comparable to the prior year, as you can see on the slide, and that was somewhat of a positive for us. Obviously a difficult year, but we were able to keep our decremental margin to about 2%. On an adjusted basis, our operating profit was down from $435 million to $430 million on a $200 million decline in sales. And so we were able to offset volume declines, negative price commodity relationships. Those were both about $60 million roughly, with about $110 million net of cost-related reductions. So we had a pretty tough year, but one where we were able to offset some of the negative items impacting our business.  If you flip to Slide #7. In addition to holding our decremental margin to 2%, we continued to do a lot of positive things to position Masco for success down the road. We continue to strengthen our brands. We're working very hard on fixed-cost reductions. We've shared that with you in the past. We estimate by the end of 2010, we had achieved about $500 million of fixed-cost reductions. We've got a lot of good initiatives going on from a supply chain standpoint. And innovation, again, is a major driver for us. So we've talked about the Watkins Ace Sanitizer, the RED line at Arrow and some of the sensing technology at Delta. Those have all been very positively received in the marketplace, and we continue to focus on new products at value price points. The Milgard Simplicity window, the Watkins Hotspot spa, Kilz Pro-X, which we recently announced, all will be positive entries at the lower price point area and we've got some exciting things going on in Cabinets and Plumbing targeted for later this year. If you flip to Slide #8, we'll take a look at our segments, and we'll start with Cabinets. Cabinets had another very tough quarter in the fourth quarter. Our sales were down 29% in the quarter. For the full year, we were off 13% in terms of Cabinet sales. Excluding sales related to products that we're exiting, we would have been down 22% in the fourth quarter and about 10% on a full year basis. Decremental margin was 45% in the fourth quarter. Obviously, that's very high. Our contribution margin normally is around 30%. In addition to volume reductions, we had under-absorption of fixed costs impacting us, increases in promotional activity and less favorable price/commodity relationships. Weve [audio gap] challenges in Europe relative to particleboard. On a full year basis, our decremental margin of 24% is very much in line with our contribution margin.  If you flip to Slide #9. Just taking a look at Cabs [Cabinets], we've talked a lot about our Cabinet business over the last several quarters at investor conferences, talked about our strategy, and we feel like we've got a lot of things going in the right direction there. Our integration is on plan, and we are focusing on about $180 million of fixed-cost reduction by the time we complete that process with a much more nimble footprint. We think our brand strategy is resonating well with customers, particularly with dealers. Our three-brand strategy really covers very effectively the market needs from one vendor, which gives us a little bit of leverage in terms of being able to expand that innovation and brand building. We've got a lot of innovation in the pipeline. We shared some of that at the International Builders' Show, and we continue to believe that the countertop solution that we're developing, ProCision, gives us a distinct competitive advantage. We believe that with housing starts in a range of 1.1 million to 1.3 million and with a more normalized repair and remodel environment, that this segment can get back to double-digit margins, and we feel very confident about that. If you flip to Slide #10, talk about Plumbing. Sales in the fourth quarter were off 1%, down slightly. Our decremental margin was pretty high in the quarter. As you can see, the $10 million drop in sales, we had a $10 million drop in profit compared to the fourth quarter of last year. That includes the decline in sales, some product mix that was somewhat unfavorable in the quarter and expenditures for increased promotional activities. We did have a decline in margin in the quarter from 11.9% to 10.6%, still relatively strong. On a full year basis, we were up 5% in this particular segment, and we saw a 140-basis-point improvement in our operating margins with an incremental margin of 41%. So we feel real good about the Plumbing business, feel real good about the prospects going forward and feel real good about our full year performance.  If you flip to Slide #11, Installation and Other Services. Again, one of our segments that has been most challenged by the downturn. And as a reminder, I think most of you are aware that the lion's share of the sales in this segment are tied directly to new home construction. We were off 7% in the fourth quarter, and our operating loss was constant with the prior year at $25 million. We were able to offset the volume declines with cost reductions. And as a reminder, I would mention to you on a full year basis, incremental losses related to the launch of our new WellHome business were $12 million on a full year basis and incrementally, $1 million in the fourth quarter. On a full year basis, sales were down 9% and again, we did a very good job there in terms of holding operating losses relatively constant -- obviously, still very high. But a lot of good work in terms of cost reductions offsetting volume declines.  If you flip to Slide #12. We've talked about Installation and this segment from an ongoing basis. We have lowered our fixed costs by approximately $180 million. We did announce late yesterday [audio gap] enter a new partnership, if you will, with Owens Corning that we think has some significant opportunities for us in terms of supply chain management; combining together to look at Building Science and applications to better develop products, techniques if you will, for Installation; and really an opportunity to better serve our customers. I'm sure you'll have a couple of questions about that and Donnie can elaborate on that a little bit later on.  We expect that our ERP system will be fully implemented by the end of the second quarter, again giving us some significant capabilities in terms of efficiency and productivity. We continue to do a good job on the retrofit side. That business continues to grow. We've reduced complexity in this business and, I think, have done a very good job of enhancing our ability to execute in terms of some of the structural changes that we've made organizationally. We also have expanded our Service Partners footprint in terms of distribution opportunities, which we think will be very positive going forward. With housing starts in this particular segment at 1.1 million to 1.3 million, we think we can return to a minimum of high-single digit margins. If you flip to Slide 13, our Decorative Architectural business was down 4% in the fourth quarter, and on a full year basis was down 1%. Reduced sales of builders' hardware offset a modest increase in paint sales for the full year. Decremental margins in this segment are relatively high and, as we've communicated previously, reflect unfavorable price/commodity relationships. I would point out in this segment that we had significant impact this year, but the group did a really nice job of offsetting a fair amount of that with productivity, cost management, expense management and that type of thing. So we're very pleased with that, and they also managed very well through a tight supply situation relative to raw materials. We talked about that in the past obviously. Margins on a full year basis were down from 21.9% to 20.7%, still obviously a very, very solid performance, a very significant contribution, and we're very, very pleased with the work that took place in this particular segment over the course of the last year.  If you flip to Slide #14, Other Specialty Products. Sales in the fourth quarter were up 3% and on a full year basis, we were up 2%. Those sales increases were driven by share gains, geographic expansion and new products. Having said that, we also have an inverse relationship in terms of increased sales and reduced profitability. Those decremental margins in both the full year and the fourth quarter were impacted by costs related to new product launches, geographic expansion, less favorable product mix and unfavorable price/commodity relationships.  If you flip to Slide 15, I mentioned working capital a little bit earlier. We've seen some nice improvement here. Working capital as a percent of sales, defined as receivables plus inventories less payables, decreased to 13.4% from 14.7% and just really an outstanding job across the enterprise. We started to focus on working capital management pretty intensely about I'd say about 10 years ago or so. This is the lowest relationship, the 13.4%, at least in recent memory, so we feel very good about that. We continue to believe that we can continue to improve our working capital management. We've got, as I mentioned earlier, some supply chain initiatives in place and we think there's more opportunity here, but just a really outstanding job across the enterprise. Donnie, John, our group guys, our business unit leaders -- very, very pleased with the management here. If you flip to Slide 16, I want to make just a couple of comments before we move to Q&A. We're anticipating a relatively slow start to 2011. Housing starts in the last half of 2010 were pretty slow, and we tend to operate on a lag basis of about 90 days typically. So as we go into 2011, we're anticipating a little bit of a slow start. Obviously, the weather has been a little bit of a factor. We do think repair/remodel activity will be a little bit better this year, modestly improved. We continue to believe that bigger ticket items will probably continue to be deferred at least for a while until home prices stabilize and we see a little bit of movement in terms of job creation.  Having said that, we'll continue to focus on the things that we can control: driving the Masco Business System across the enterprise, continuing to invest in innovation, continuing to focus on our cost structure. And in particular, we'll continue to focus on the Installation business and the Cabinet business. Obviously, last year was a tough year for both of these segments. We anticipate that we'll see some bottom line improvement this year. Our sense is that if the economic numbers come in where we think they will and again, we're anticipating housing starts to be up about 15%, which is pretty much in line with the blue-chip consensus -- if we see that kind of activity, our feeling is that we can cut the losses that we incurred in these segments last year by $60 million to $80 million and certainly anticipate making some very good progress in both of those segments. We continue to be very optimistic about the longer term. Household formations, population growth, the age of the housing stock -- all of those are positives, we think, for our business and we don't know when, but when we get back to a stronger situation relative to housing, relative to repair/remodel activity and we can see ourselves at $10 billion to $12 billion in sales -- we certainly believe that we can generate low-double to mid-teen margins at those kinds of sales levels. And we think we're laying a very good foundation, a very good base to get us there. And with that, we will open up the lines for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Josh Levin with Citi.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc: My question is about the Cabinets business. Do you have an estimate of how your market share adjusted for the exit of the RTA [ready to assemble] business? So your estimate of your market share on the Cabinets industry has changed over the past few quarters and where you think it might be going over the next few quarters?
Donald Demarie: Josh, this is Donnie. We look at market share in the Cabinets. I mean, clearly, in the retail side of the business, we've had some challenges there with price points and we've seen the consumer really -- we've seen more activity at the lower price points were through some heavy promotional activities. Consumers are getting better value at lower prices and with our retail presence with KraftMaid, that creates a little bit of a challenge for us -- getting into some of those lower-priced buckets where we're seeing a higher percentage of sales. We're working on that. We believe we've got some things we'll be launching here in the second quarter to really address some of those lower prices, and we have our team really focused on how we might attack that at retail. Within the dealer community, a little bit of mixed results. We've seen a little bit of share loss on quality as we went through our Q [ph] back initiative, which was really getting all of the Merillat and Quality product on the same chassis. We've completed the first phase of that and began shipping product in December on the new chassis, so we think that it was a temporary share loss that we'll get back. Merillat really had a strong year. We're gaining share both at dealers and new home construction, so we feel really good about where we're at with dealers. Plus as we've talked about before, our Dealer Advantage Program, we've had 279 dealers commit to the Dealer Advantage Program, representing 92 new customers, and 187 existing customers added additional brands. So we feel really good about where we're at on the dealer side. And on the builder side, we think we've held our share if not grown our share, particularly with Merillat.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc: In terms of EBIT margins, what is the trajectory for getting Cabinets back to breakeven? Not to normalize margins but just back to breakeven.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we estimate, Josh, that breakeven for the Cabinet business again, on an adjusted basis without rationalization charges, is about $1.6 billion.
Operator: We'll go next to Budd Bugatch with JPMorgan (sic) [Raymond James].
Chad Bolen - Raymond James: This is Chad Bolen filling in for Budd from Raymond James. First of all, as we look forward to fiscal 2011 and think about some of the margin puts and takes, could you update us as to your thinking as far as where you stand right now from sort of a net pricing and commodity headwind position? How did that play out for the rest of the year? And what offsetting savings or other items from restructuring could we anticipate?
Timothy Wadhams: Sure. What we're anticipating at this point from a price commodity standpoint -- obviously, we're seeing a fair amount of pressure pretty much across the spectrum. Metals prices, zinc and copper, have continued to move up. We've had tightness in supply related to the components that go into paint, both resins and TiO2. But having said that, we're in a relatively good position. We estimate, at this point in time, that the headwinds going into 2011 represent about $30 million to $40 million in total. In other words, that would be the unfavorable relationship, if you will, between price and commodity based on what we sort of see on the horizon. Now having said that, we fully expect that we can offset that $30 million to $40 million either through productivity, either through working with our suppliers or through pricing-related activities. The areas that are probably the most significant for us, again, would be paint and Plumbing. I mentioned earlier we have seen some real challenges from a particleboard standpoint in Europe related to vellum operation over there. We estimate that we've got about $65 million of rationalization charges as we go into 2011. About $35 million of that relates to our Cabinet business, about $10 million in Install [Installation] and about $20 million in Plumbing. From a cost saving standpoint, on a gross basis at this point in time, we estimate that our lean activities, productivity focus, as well as some of the cost reductions that we've been driving across the enterprise should, on a gross basis, represent about $150 million. Most of that would be in the Cabinet, Installation and Plumbing-related business, say, $40 million to $45 million in each of those segments with the other approximate $20 million spread among the Decorative Art and the Other segment. And I think that gives you pretty good perspective. One of the other areas that you folks have probably noticed is that we had a very good outcome in our general corp [corporate] expense in 2010. We came in at $110 million and we're estimating that, that number will be more like $140 million in 2011. Hopefully, we've got a little bit of conservatism in there but we had a very good experience in 2010 related to general insurance. Workers' comp and some other accruals related to performance compensation were down. We do anticipate those moving back up and again, a lot of that's based on experience. We continue to manage all those areas very aggressively and we've got a little bit of healthcare-related inflation as well. But I think from a big-picture standpoint, that gives you a pretty good perspective of some of the components that we see going into 2011. I would point out that, just from a modeling standpoint, if you're anticipating incremental sales in 2011 we would suggest a contribution margin of approximately 30% continues to give a pretty good feel in terms of where the bottom line would fall out.
Chad Bolen - Raymond James: Does the down mid-single digits or so, excluding the Cabinets -- do you think that's pretty indicative of end demand from consumers right now? Are we seeing any changes in terms of stocking levels or shelf space at the key retailers?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I don't think we had a lot of impact, Chad, in terms of inventory balancing in the quarter. That did not seem to be an issue for us. We may have had a little bit of impact, but typically that doesn't move the needle for us.
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Lisnic with Robert W. Baird.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: If I look at the fourth quarter, the restructuring charges were markedly higher than I thought they would be, or at least based on your third quarter forecast and outlook. Can you give us a sense to what the incremental actions were and just kind of run through what the payback on some of those might be as well?
John Sznewajs: The thing that really drove the $104 million of rationalization charges in the fourth quarter was a significant charge that we took to shut our West Jordan, Utah cabinet manufacturing facility. That was about $70 million or so in the quarter. So that was the biggest bucket of it. Beyond that, we had a couple of other facilities that we shut down that contributed larger-than-normal rationalization charges than we've experienced in the past couple of quarters.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, the big one would have been that closure, Pete.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then, I was just wondering if you could run through the businesses and maybe talk about -- I mean its mentioned in the PowerPoint, a decent amount in terms of promotional spending or the competitive pressures that you saw -- just run through by business and give a little bit of color or maybe quantify what you think that may have cost you in terms of gross margin or some profitability metric as well.
Donald Demarie: Yes. Pete, this is Donnie. We've talked about Installation. Certainly, we still have a tough Installation market as far as demand goes. We've still seen competitive pricing there. But I will tell you, on the Installation side we've really moved from continuing to rationalize that business and take costs out to really more of an offensive approach. We've put more people on the streets. We're leveraging our new ERP system and really driving efficiencies and really looking to grow our share this year, and we think that we started to see some of those results in the fourth quarter and we're optimistic going into '11. If you move over to paint, really in paint we've got a three-pronged strategy. We have enhancing our core DIY [do it yourself] paint, and that's our Premium Plus where we brought out our new low VOC [Volatile Organic Compound] formula at 50 or less. We have our PPUI [Premium Plus Ultra Interior] business, which continues to perform extremely well at rates above the conversion rates above what we had originally anticipated. We're growing in adjacent Pro categories with Kilz, which really gives us the right product at the right price for the Pro. But it has a tremendous value prop [proposition], where we've got factory tinting, direct-to-job-site. It's available in stock at the Home Depot and it's supported by both inside and outside sales. And the rollout of that new product really starts next week and continues into the second quarter. And then we're penetrating markets outside of the U.S, so we've got Behr really doing a lot of work to really look at, How do they limit their concentration in North America? So we feel pretty good about paint. On the Cabinets side, we've talked about Cabinets. Cabinets still been a very high promotional category. Competitors, as well as ourselves, are having to run promotions to drive sales. We're seeing that those promotions had kind of a lingering effect, meaning that there's a lot more value at opening price points. So we're seeing consumers -- we're seeing a shift down there, not necessarily where consumers are moving off of high-end products, but they're just getting better value at lower prices. And we've got to respond to that with some different products, and we're in the midst of coming up with a response to, really, that changing marketplace. On the Plumbing side, we've really done a lot of good work in Plumbing. As a matter fact, I would say, our shares up on the wholesale channel as well as on the commercial side. Our high-end products are selling well. Our technology is resonating. Our Touch [Touch2O] faucets continue to do extremely well, and we'll be launching Touch into the lavatory faucets in April of this year where we think it may even be more of a compelling value proposition. Our DIAMOND Seal Technology has really been a real win for us in Plumbing. We have it in our single-handle faucets. We're moving it into our two-handle faucets. And DIAMOND Seal does a lot of things for us, but by converting that waterway from brass to PEX, it allows us to really change the dynamic related to the impact of some of the commodity costs. So we're looking at alternative materials that we can use in the construction of the faucet body that helps mitigate some of the effects. And so we feel really good. Probably the area in faucets that we've really worked hard is really at the opening price point. And then the opening price point, we've done a lot of work there to kind of retool the line. We did a lot of work back really in '07, '08, '09 to get our cost structure right, and we've been relaunching both the low-end Delta product and the Peerless product and had us a new launch just recently at Menards that we're pretty excited about. So doing a lot of good work across all the segments.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Pete, maybe a couple of other points. When you look at both Plumbing and Other Specialty, we talked a little bit about geographic expansion. We have incurred some costs in both of those segments in the fourth quarter. Plumbing, that's basically related to Hansgrohe. We've talked about that in the past. They continue to do just a very good job of moving into other geographies, if you will, and our Milgard Window business has done a very nice job of penetrating the Western Canadian markets, as well as in Texas. I think they've got about 68 dealers currently signed up in Texas. So we've incurred some costs in both those segments related to geographic expansion. And in the Cab [Cabinets] area, we had expense in the fourth quarter that last year was in the third quarter in terms of some major promotional activities, just relative to where the costs kind of fell. So hopefully that helps a little bit.
Operator: We'll go next to Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Just looking for some more help on the Cabinets segment. When I read your comments of getting back to double-digit margins in a 1.1 million, 1.3 million housing start environment and whether you use our forecast or consensus that some of that might not happen for five years. I realize that this is a business that did mid-teens. We're sort of waiting quite a while just to get back to double digits. And if I look at the business prior to the restructuring, it lost about $20 million over six quarters. The two quarters since restructuring where we've taken costs out, it lost over $70 million. So really just trying to get a handle on how we should really think about this business, if it's just a wait-for-volume approach and it's going to be multiple years until we can think about it as a normal run rate or if there's going to be dramatic changes that we're going to see ultimately flow through here in 2011.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, yes, the answer, Dennis, to that is that obviously, it's been a tough run. In terms of getting back to that double-digit margin, we mentioned that we think we can do that at 1.1 million to 1.3 million in terms of starts, and most forecasts have starts getting to 1 million in 2013, so obviously that's a ways off. But having said that, I don't think there's any question in our mind that we could see some significant improvement in terms of reducing the losses in 2011. Obviously, this is a business that is very sensitive to volume. We mentioned that we believe the breakeven is $1.6 million (sic) [$1.6 billion] in terms of sales and generally speaking, what probably makes the most sense is a contribution margin around 30% for this particular business. As we continue to push on the dealers side, we've mentioned this in the past. The dealer represents about 70% of the market. Donnie talked about some wins that we've had there that we're very encouraged by. Our three-brand strategy continues to resonate. The problem is we just haven't seen a lot of impact on the top line. Just to get your perspective, we estimate that the dealers that we've been able to penetrate with an additional brand -- as Donnie mentioned earlier, that represents about $50 million in annual revenue opportunity, again, and that's based on current market conditions. The other thing that we think can help differentiate us is the ProCision investment that we've made in the countertop solution, which we can marry up with the Cabinets. So we think as we continue to roll the strategy out, continue to focus on expanding our offerings at price points, as Donnie mentioned earlier, that we've got a chance to pick up share with the two leading brands in that particular category.
Donald Demarie: And Dennis, I'll add. The last thing we're doing is waiting for volume to fix this segment. We've already closed seven facilities, including West Jordan in the fourth quarter. We're removing $180 million in fixed costs. We integrated these businesses because we saw this coming and needed to have a different cost model on a going-forward basis. By integrating them allows our supply chain to be more flexible, our manufacturing to really be more nimble as far as responding to changes. Clearly, it's going to be a different market going forward. We see smaller home sizes. We see smaller kitchens. We've got to have the right product and portfolio to be able to address that and do so in a meaningful way. We're attacking the dealer. 70% of the sales here are to new construction. We really have to get after that larger dealer segment where we think our branding strategy gives us a huge advantage. So we're doing a lot of things we can. I want to make sure you realize the last thing we're doing is waiting for a rebound to improve performance in this category.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Dennis, at 1.1 million to 1.3 million, our estimate that is that this segment would be somewhere around $2.25 billion to $2.5 billion in terms of top line, just to give you some perspective. And the other thing I would point out, too, is that we often tend to focus more on North America, but we do have two operations in Europe. Both of them are having a pretty tough time. One of them is in the United Kingdom, and I think you're aware that, obviously, the economy there is still very slow. A lot of austerity measures relative to trying to manage their way through the deficit they have to deal with. Our business in Denmark has got some challenges around input costs in terms of particleboard, and incidentally both of those businesses have new leadership over the course of the last few months. Dennis, It's a tough category, but certainly one that we're very, very focused on and very actively monitoring in terms of progress.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: My only comment would be I would think that the incrementals would be better than historical given all the cost takeouts that you had, but I appreciate that volume is a big part of that.
Timothy Wadhams: I think, Dennis, we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. I would be surprised if we don't do better than the 30% on pure volume. But keep in mind in this business -- Donnie talked a little bit about promotional activities. There is more of that going on in this segment and as we continue to roll out our Dealer Advantage Program, again there'll be some ongoing costs related to that over time. So I think as we continue to grow aggressively and again, we think we can take some share definitely in this category. My sense is we'll probably be a little closer to 30% and maybe 35% or 40%, which might happen in a more accelerated kind of recovery.
Donald Demarie: Yes, and Tim, I'll add. In the fourth quarter, Dennis, we have about $10 million of expenses flowing through the P&L that's not captured in the rationalization charges related to the under-absorption of fixed and variable overhead in the wind down of our ready-to-assemble and in-stock assembled Cabinetry businesses.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: And then my second question is more of big picture I guess, but if you think across the entire company and the platforms that you have, how committed are you to the existing platforms? We've seen some smaller divestitures in the past. Could we see anything larger? Or are you pretty committed to the businesses that you own?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think the way to answer that question, Dennis, is that we obviously have two segments that are very, very challenging right now. That's Cabinets and that's Installation. And I guess from a big picture perspective given your question, there are probably three things to think about. One would be closure. One might be divestiture. The other might be trying to balance the short term and manage the short term as aggressively as you can and position the business for the future. From our perspective, we think there's a lot of value creation opportunity in both of these segments. Obviously, volume is very important to us in both of these segments. I mean, there's no question about that. These businesses were built for a much different environment. But having said that, our feeling is that continuing to manage aggressively, to do the best job we can on a near-term basis to limit the losses and negative cash flow -- but to continue to invest and position these businesses for the future makes a whole lot more sense to us from a shareholder perspective, just in terms of value creation. Weve got, we think, very good leadership teams in both businesses. We've got a lot of good things going on from an organizational standpoint, just in terms of the way the business is structured and managed. We should be much more nimble. We should be much more flexible going forward. And I think my sense is we'll be very, very efficient as we work our way into a more normalized environment. So we think there's a huge value creation opportunity here. I don't know, Donnie, if you want to mention a little bit about the OC [Owens Corning] [audio gap] to Install. It may be something that folks haven't focused on maybe as much as -- go ahead.
Donald Demarie: And let's not forget we believe we're the number one cabinet manufacturer in North America. We're the number one installation provider in North America. These are segment-leading businesses within their segments. We feel very, very good about the teams. Tim talked about what we've done to really improve our leadership teams and drive accountability and execution. Seeing the results of that in Installation, where we're moving from really restructuring to offensive positioning here in 2011, and like what we're seeing as far as early results. We certainly are seeing more bidding activity so far in 2011 than we saw at the end of 2010. We're encouraged by that. Now whether that turns into projects and work we'll see, but we're encouraged by the level of bidding activity. Tim mentioned the Owens Corning agreement, and we're excited about the relationship that we announced with Owens Corning. We see tremendous opportunity, with our new ERP system, around supply chain by giving them forward-looking visibility to our demand and how we might think about taking costs out. I think there's tremendous opportunities between Masco and Owens Corning. We are the leaders in Building Science. We've brought out the Environments For Living program. We have 140,000 homes built to that specification where we can guarantee energy costs, drive efficiencies, really improve our take per unit. Owens Corning is a leader in Building Science with some of their programs and we've started looking more from a solutions point of view, not a product and install point of view, What can we do together? We think it's pretty staggering. And then the work we can do on governmental affairs and really driving the right type of legislation and getting behind things that make sense for energy efficiency, greenhouse gases -- we just see a tremendous partnership here with Owens Corning. So we're really excited about where we're at in those two segments and we think there's a tremendous opportunity to create value, continue to take costs out. We're doing the right things and we're hoping that's going to pay off very shortly.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
William Wong: This is actually Will Wong on for Mike. I know you guys in the past have talked about a 750,000 to 800,000 start for a break-even goal for the Installation Services business. I was wondering: Is that number still relevant? Or have you guys adjusted that number in any way?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I'm thinking right now, Will, is that when weve talk about that in the past we said 750,000 to 800,000, probably closer to 800,000. At this point in time, our feeling would be that, that number is between 700,000 and 750,000, and probably a little closer to the 750,000. But we think we continue to make some incremental progress. Donnie talked about more feet on the street. That should help us from a top line perspective. You saw we talked a little bit some of the cost takeout last year. The guys did a great job offsetting volume declines, which incidentally reminds me that you should point out that across the company -- not just in Installation, but across the company -- we had about an 8% headcount reduction in 2010. So again, as part of driving efficiencies, productivity, some of the other restructurings that we've undertaken.
Donald Demarie: And Will, I'll add in addition to Tim's comments about really lowering the break-even point, yes, that's in spite of an aggressive pricing environment, smaller home sizes and the incremental spend that we had on WellHome, which was an incremental $12 million, $13 million last year versus 2009. So in spite of all those headwinds, we've continued to lower our break-even forecast for this segment. Just a tremendous amount of work done by the folks in our Installation segment, and we're real excited because we're moving now from, How do we restructure that segment? to How do we go out and win new business and deliver value to our customers?
William Wong: And just my second question is related to the Cabinets business. Just to circle back, I know you guys talked a little bit about promotional activities and under-absorption of fixed costs for this quarter. But in terms of what the drivers -- in terms of the major drivers for the sequential decline in operating margins, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about that as well.
Timothy Wadhams: John?
John Sznewajs: A couple of things that contributed to a sequential decline in the Cab [Cabinets] segment specifically, a large part of it was what Donnie mentioned earlier, was attributable to just the under-absorption overhead that we incurred. Also, and a little bit of raw material cost increases, that Tim mentioned earlier, particularly impacting our European businesses. So those are the two big chunks that impacted us overall.
William Wong: And do you expect that to continue into the next quarter?
John Sznewajs: We're working right now with our supply chain guys and looking to address the chipboard issue in Europe. I don't have that well onto rest at this point. That might be a Q2 issue and still, to Donnie's point, with the restructuring work we're doing in Cabinetry focusing on some of that under-absorption overhead.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we will continue into the first part of this year, as we wind down the products that we're exiting, to have some negative impact in terms of operating results from that. As John and I think Donnie mentioned it earlier, that hit us to the tune of about $10 million roughly incrementally in the fourth quarter. So that's a pretty good-sized number. And we also mentioned earlier that we did have an increase in promotional-related costs -- really more of a shift, if you will, from the third quarter '09, more incurred in the fourth quarter of 2010.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Wiggins with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Wiggins - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Just to revisit the Cabinets business a little bit and you discussed the need to kind of address the lower price point in this segment. I guess, I'm wondering when you look at kind of the foreclosure activity that we've seen, are you able to get any sense of it? The associated remodels on those foreclosures are kind of at that lower price point where maybe you're missing some opportunity there.
Donald Demarie: Yes, Chris, we certainly can tell, in markets where there's been higher foreclosure activity, that there has been higher spend on repair and retrofit. And as we look at the type of kitchen that's going into the foreclosures, that's really related to price point. As we know, if you look at the price point of the foreclosure and whether or not it's an investor or a homeowner that ultimately made the purchase, so a lot of variables there. I would tell you that when we [audio gap] we have a tremendous opening price-point product and that's our quality product. And that product was hampered by our initiative to go to account in chassis. That's behind us. So in December, we started shipping over 50% of line on the new chassis. We've seen dealers come back and we've been able to attack that market through our dealer network. The quality product is also made available to the builders, so we feel really good about where we're at with the builders and where we're at with the dealers of having the right product and then being able to trade people up into features, into Merillat. And for those people who really want that dream kitchen, we've got our KraftMaid brand. Where we really have been lagging is our ability to get to those lower price points in retail, and I don't want to give out any secrets yet, but we're really excited about what we're going to bring to our customers here in early 2011, to address some of those lower price points and then really talk about, How do we take those customers and provide opportunities for them to get better features? And we think some or a lot of that foreclosure business is running through our large home center customers. So we really need to work on being able to have the whole spectrum within those home centers.
Christopher Wiggins - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: On the product line exits at Cabinets, are we kind of at the full run rate there? Or is there a little bit more sequential headwind? And how should we think about costs for the WellHome business going forward?
John Sznewajs: To your first question in terms of headwind for the product exits, a little bit more of the sequential headwind in Q1 of 2011 that we'll be facing, but after that it should start to lighten up pretty significantly. In terms of incremental WellHome costs, relatively modest this year. Not anticipating a huge rollout like we had last year. As you may have recalled, I think we opened up 15 branches over the course of 2010 between Q1 and Q2, and then some satellite branches towards the tail end of the year in Q4. So those should lighten up pretty dramatically as we enter into 2011.
Donald Demarie: Yes, John. I would say WellHome spend in '11 will be flat with what we've had in '10 and certainly hoping to reduce those losses as those branches mature. We're currently serving out of our 17 locations and three satellites. We're servicing 26 of the top 100 MSAs, so we feel good about our penetration. And a lot of accountability. We're driving down a lot of accountability now related to performance before we do any further expansion. So we'll add that retrofits been a good market for us in 2010 and our retrofit sales within that segment were up north of 60% in '10 over 2009, so it's been a nice source for growth for us, and we think it positions that segment even stronger going forward. If we can continue to increase our mix of retrofit, add that to our new construction leadership position, we think we can be the leader in both retrofit and new construction coming out of this downturn.
Timothy Wadhams: And I would add that the two branches, the two initial branches -- one here in the Detroit area, one in New Hampshire -- in the fourth quarter as we suggested were slightly profitable in aggregate.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Oppenheim with Crdit Suisse.
Michael Dahl: This is actually Mike Dahl on for Dan. I had a follow-up question to Dennis' question earlier. I was a little surprised to hear your comments on narrowing the operating losses, $60 million to $80 million, in Cabinets and Installation. Given your comments on some of the costs and revenue actions, along with the sales outlook, would have thought that we would have seen a little bit more there in terms of operating improvement. Can you help us understand that a little better? Was that per segment? Or is that overall?
Timothy Wadhams: That's in aggregate and that's based on our view of what the economic environment could be, particularly with a pretty slow first half of the year. We, obviously, will shoot to do better than that, but we think we've got very good chance to deliver on the $60 million to $80 million.
Donald Demarie: And I'd add, Tim, I think a big influence to that is what Tim talked about -- is, we tend to operate -- remember both of these segments are highly related to new home construction and we tend to operate on a 90-day lag. So when you look at what's in the kitty now for the first quarter related to fourth quarter housing starts, and we think about getting to a level around blue-chip consensus of 670,000 units for the year, most of that has to happen now on a going-forward basis. And when we lag that 90 days, that moves that out into the second half of 2011 for us. So yes, I think they're pretty aggressive targets when you think about the activity ramping up in the second half of the year with the first half being a little bit more challenging.
Michael Dahl: On the paint side, can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of shares specifically on the paint and as it relates to the big boxes? And then, you have seen some weakness there and obviously, challenges on TiO2. What's the plan for pricing, understanding that you still got the Depot [Home Depot] and Lowe's that are very focused on value today?
Donald Demarie: Yes, let me talk a little bit about paint, and then I'll have Tim make some comments about the commodities. Related to paint, we're really excited. If you look at data related to share of paint on a gallon basis, we believe that Behr increased their share of both interior paint, exterior paint and exterior stains, so we feel really good about what Behr was able to accomplish. Also, we had a leading consumer magazine for the second year in a row rate all of our Behr Premium Plus Ultra Interior paint and primer-in-one paint number one across the three big sheens. So we feel really good about the product we have, the share that we gained in 2010 in paint and the trends and certainly, with the rollout of Kilz Pro-X, which allows ourselves and the Home Depot to really have the right product at the right price for the Pro painter. And we think there's a tremendous value prop with factory tinting, direct-to-job-site delivery, the availability of having the product, not only deliver direct-to-job site, but in-store. Certainly, the number of associates that we can really have promoting this product both in-store and out of store -- we feel really, really good about what Behr is able to accomplish in 2010. It was a great year for Behr.
Timothy Wadhams: And in terms of commodities, as we mentioned earlier, we estimate about $30 million to $40 million of headwind coming into the year. That's across the company. The toughest areas are definitely going to be Plumbing, as well as the paint side of things. And I think we've managed very well so far through that. As we mentioned earlier, we were able last year to offset a major portion of that. We did have negative price commodity impact to about $60 million on a full year basis. But we did have savings of about $100 million, $110 million, which substantially offset that and the volume drop. We continue to be confident going into 2011 that we'll be able to address the $30 million to $40 million of headwind, and one of the key issues for us is availability as it relates to paint. That's an area that has been challenging. We see resins in a little better position from an availability standpoint going into 2011. TiO2 continues to be probably a little bit more of a challenge. There's been some pretty significant cost increases in both of those areas. But given our relationships with our suppliers, the fact that we have shown some nice growth over the last few years and certainly anticipate growth going forward with our new Kilz Pro-X offering on the Pro side, we think we'll be able to get the amount of raw supply that we need and certainly be able to manage through that process. And with that, we'll wrap up the call. I appreciate you being with us today. If we didn't get to your question, we certainly will be available the rest of the day. And just check in with Maria, and we'll be happy to talk one-on-one. Thank you very much.
Operator: And once again, if we were unable to get to your question during this call we ask you to please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations office at (313) 792-5500. This does conclude today's Masco presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Donald Demarie - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. David MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Ivy Lynne Zelman
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2010 Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] If you have not received the press release and supplemental information, they are available on Mascos website, along with todays slide presentation, under the Investor Relations section at www.masco.com. Before we begin managements presentation, the company wants to direct your attention to the current slide and the note at the end of the earnings release, which are cautionary reminders about statements that reflect the companys views about its future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures. After a brief discussion by management, the call would be open for analyst questions. If we are unable to get to your question during this call, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations office at (313) 792-5500. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Clay, and thanks all of you for joining us today for Masco's Third Quarter Earnings Call. I'm joined by Donnie Demarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and John Sznewajs, our CFO. And if you would please flip to Slide #3. Third quarter was a tough quarter for Masco, particularly for our businesses related to new home construction, repair/remodel activity, specifically bigger-ticket items. Activity which really includes our Installation and Cabinet-related businesses primarily. Our sales were off 6% to $2 billion. We had unfavorable currency translation that have impacted about 2% of that. And again, major part of our sales decline was in Cabinets and Installation Services. On an as-reported basis, our loss per share was $0.02 in the quarter, which compares to $0.14 of income in the third quarter of 2009. Gross profit margins as reported decreased 200 basis points in the quarter, and we'll take a look at reconciled EPS and margins in just a second. Working capital as a percent of sales improved to 16.2% compared to 17.3% last year, and we ended the quarter with $1.5 billion of cash. If you would please flip to Slide #4. I mentioned gross margins as reported down 200 basis points. If we reconcile gross margins and operating margins for rationalization charges in both periods and a litigation charge in the third quarter of last year, both of those metrics, gross margins and operating margins were down 80 basis points to 26.9% for gross profit and 7.2% for operating margins. On a year-to-date basis, by the way, which the reconciliation is included in our appendix, both gross margins and operating margins on a year-to-date basis reconciled for the same items would have been up 110 basis points each. Looking at our results from a big picture standpoint, reconciled operating profit was off $25 million. Sales volume contributed approximately $30 million, $35 million to that decline. We also had unfavorable price commodity relationships of approximately $30 million, and those two items were partially offset by net savings in the quarter from rationalization activities, our focus on lean of approximately $40 million. If you flip to Slide #5, this shows the reconciliation of earnings per share. Again, on the same basis as we discussed, operating margins earlier a little earlier taking out rationalization charges and normalizing our tax rate. And in that process, we would have had $0.11 per share in the third quarter of 2010, compared to $0.18 last year in the third quarter. This year's EPS in the third quarter also included about $0.02 of additional other expense, $0.01 of that is interest and then there's some miscellaneous items that impact the other $0.01. If you flip to Slide #6, this presents some of the trends that we've been tracking on a quarterly basis. We already talked about sales, gross profit and operating loss and again, these are on an as-adjusted basis. The as-reported numbers are in the appendix. Key retail sales were off 4%, reflecting declines in both small ticket and big-ticket items, and that includes $23 million in terms of products that we have exited that changed year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter, if you will, in terms of Cabinets and we'll talk about that in a second or two. We did have a decremental margin in the quarter of 20%, and that compares favorably to our contribution margin of about 30% on a company-wide basis. If you flip to Slide #7. Both North America and International sales were off 6%. I would point out that International sales increased 4% in local currencies. And when you take a look at margins, margins from a segment perspective were down from 9.7% last year to 8.6% this year, and again, these are segment margins. And I would point out that internationally, we had a very strong quarter at a little bit over 12% in ROS, obviously down from the almost 14% last year but a very strong quarter in terms of International-related operations and operating profit. If we flip to Slide #8, we'll talk about our segments and I would point out that the segment numbers are as adjusted. We've included the rationalization charges in the footnote at the bottom of the slide, and we'll start with Cabinets. Tough quarter in both North America and internationally. Sales for Cabinets were down 18%. We also had an expansion in terms of operating loss. We lost $18 million on an incremental basis compared to last year's $9 million loss and ended with an operating loss margin of 7.6%. Our decremental margin for this segment was 23%. And if you flip to Slide #9, we thought it would be helpful to break the sales decline down in terms of North America and internationally. And if you go to our guidance for this particular segment, we estimated that our sales in 2009, about 75% of those sales relate to North America. And if you apply that to the third quarter's sales for last year in 2009 and then compare that to the drop in North America of $49 million, that represents about 15%. $23 million of that decline, that $49 million decline relates to products that we have exited. And that's the year-over-year comparative number, that represents about 7%. So in terms of market activity, the $26 million, we were down about 8% compared to where we were last year. Donnie's going to talk about Cabs in a couple of minutes and go through our strategy and where we are from an integration standpoint. If you flip to Slide #10, Plumbing Products, another very strong quarter for Plumbing driven by innovation and global expansion. Sales were up modestly, and we had a 14.6 margin compares which is exactly where we were last year. And again, very strong performance from a return on sales standpoint. If we flip to Slide #10, I mentioned that our sales performance continues to be driven by innovation and global expansion. And I think, as I think all of you know, we put a lot of emphasis on innovation across Masco and obviously at Delta. And we're really pleased with the retail end cap that you see here that really demonstrates some of our really neat innovation, innovative products that we brought out over the last couple of years. This is at the Home Depot. It displays our Touch2O Technology, the MagnaTite Docking System and our In2ition Shower System. And again, very, very proud of all those products. If you flip to Slide #12, another feature that we think is certainly very important is the fact that Delta has continued significant momentum in terms of strengthening and developing the brand. We've achieved a nine point gain in unaided brand awareness over the course of the last two years, and that's a pretty significant move in a very short period of time and we're very pleased with that. If you flip to Slide #13, in terms of Installation and Other Services. This segment, as you know, is very much tied to new home construction and obviously, that area continues to be challenging. We were down 12% in sales in this segment. But we did show an improvement in terms of our operating loss. So that declined by $7 million on a $40 million drop in sales. So we're very, very pleased with that. I would remind you that we do have some start up-related costs to our Masco Home Services WellHome launch that impact this segment. That loss incrementally in this quarter was about $3 million. So again, very pleased with our performance from an operating profit or operating loss standpoint, if you will. If you flip to Slide #14. One of the things, a couple of points on Installation. Historically, we've had a very strong correlation between our sales and starts. Housing starts lagged on a 90-day basis. That relationship hasn't really held this year on a quarterly basis. We believe that's influenced significantly by variability and cycle times. We think in the first half of the year, given the cash credit that I think expired in June 30, we saw some compression in terms of the building cycle. So we think it's probably a lot more appropriate to focus on the year-to-date relationship between our sales and lag starts, which show that lag starts are up 2%, with our sales down 9%. That's a gap, if you will, of about 11%. And again, we're talking about segment sales here. We believe that a big part of that explanation is that we have seen and experienced on a year-to-date basis lower revenue per job. That's been driven by price competition, smaller homes and homes that have a much simpler design, for example, with less vaulted ceilings, lower ceilings, maybe ceilings going from 10 feet to 8 feet, which require less installation. So our feeling when we look at our revenue per job, that's down on average about high single digit, which explains part of that 11% gap. We also believe that it's likely that we may have lost a little bit of share that could be maybe three, four points on a year-to-date basis. That makes a little bit of sense to us as we think about it, given that we have closed a number of branches. We've got less coverage in secondary branches, on our secondary markets, if you will. As you know, we've tried to maintain our presence in all the major metropolitan areas and they spent some unattractive work out there that quite frankly, we have passed on that didn't make a lot of sense. So from that standpoint, that's kind of the way we see the dynamic in those particular segment. Don't have a concern over that share issue on a long-term basis. We feel very strongly that we'll get that back. If you flip to Slide #15, our Decorative Architectural Products, sales in this segment were off 2%, and both paint and builders' hardware were off in terms of top line. Margins were down in the quarter but still a very strong 22.5%, and that reflects less favorable price commodity relationship as we highlighted at the end of the second quarter. I would point out that on a year-to-date basis in this segment, margins are 22.1% compared to 23% last year. Last quarter, we talked about the tight supply of both resins and TiO2. We mentioned that costs are up, but we also mentioned that we have been able to manage through that process just in terms of the challenge, and we think we're through the worst of that from a supply perspective but costs are still up. And as we indicated back in July, we expected to have some second-half margin pressure. Obviously, we do. But we still anticipated as we indicated that we'll have solid margins, and we did have solid margins in the third quarter and we anticipate that we will in the fourth quarter as well. If you flip to Slide #16, Other Specialty Products. Sales were down in this segment 4%. We saw margin decline from 9.6% to 6.9%, and that's driven by lower sales volume, a little bit of the unfavorable relationship between commodity costs and selling prices, and some increased promotional and marketing expenses related to both new window product introductions as well as fastening tools. And if you flip to Slide #17, this shows our product line that we recently launched. We call it the Arrow R.E.D. line. R.E.D. stands for Reliable. Ergonomic. and Durable. And you can see we've used the red color. [Audio Gap] That's receivables plus inventories less payables. If you flip to Slide 19. I'm going to turn the presentation over to Donnie, and Donnie's going to talk about our Cabinet-related business.
Donald Demarie: Okay, thank you, Tim. And as Tim mentioned, I'd like to take a few minutes to update you on our Cabinet strategy. Slide #20. The Cabinet industry in 2009 was estimated at $10.6 billion, down approximately 30% from 2006. However, the industry is expected to rebound and by 2014, get back to north of $15 billion. On Slide #21. The U.S. Residential Cabinet market is split into three channels. The dealer channel represents approximately 70% of the total opportunity, with direct to builders sales and sales by home improvement retailers making up the remaining 30%. In the direct to builder channel, we are number one in sales and increasing our share. At home improvement retailers, we are also number one in sales and believe that we are maintaining our share to being down 1% to 2%, primarily due to a reduction in sales from non-core products that we chose to access. At 70% of the market, the dealer channel represents a significant opportunity and even though we are number two in sales, we estimate our market share to be less than 10%. Slide #22. I'd like to take a moment to walk you now through our six key initiatives in our Cabinet strategy. Slide 23. First, we are focused on executing a seamless business integration. We have reduced our fixed cost by $140 million since 2006 while exiting non-core product lines. We are completing our ERP implementation and shipping Quality and Merillat from a common architectural platform. And just yesterday, we began moving people into our new consolidated headquarters located in Ann Arbor, Michigan. We have achieved some major milestones and we remain on track to deliver an additional $30 million in annualized integration savings by 2012 as we have previously communicated. Slide #24. We have launched the winning brand portfolio featuring Quality, Merillat and KraftMaid. Our brands cover all key price points and cover the top three purchase drivers of Cabinets. We are building these brands by generating demand on TV, print and the web. We are promoting and innovating. Our distinct brand positions and new organizational structure allow us to manage our messaging more effectively, while opening the door to further supply chain efficiencies. Slide #25. We believe the Cabinet industry is ripe for innovation, and we plan to reinvent the category with innovative solutions. We are working out process innovations such as our Virtual Selection Center and product innovation like our CoreGuard Sink Base. Our innovation pipeline is building, and we can't wait to our share our new products with you as they launch in the market. Slide #26. The countertop industry was estimated to be a $15 billion market in 2008, and we plan to establish countertops as a growth engine. Our ProCision System allows the countertops to be templated at the same day the Cabinets are measured, thus allowing the finished cabinet and custom countertops to be delivered and installed on the very same day. This reduces complexity for our builders and reduces cycle times, while guiding higher cabinet and countertop retention rates for Masco. By emphasizing the consumer, we plan to grow our leadership position at home improvement retailers. We're looking to deploy virtual technology to simplify the purchasing experience. We are promoting our brand, innovating and launching new styles and designs. Slide #27. We recently launched the largest new product introduction in the history of KraftMaid, 38 new door styles, 32 new finishes and six new bath collections. Slide #28. We have added more feet on the street to drive and accelerate dealer growth, where 1% increase in share is worth an approximate $80 million in top line sales. And we are adding new dealers through our Dealer Advantage Program, which is designed to drive foot traffic with higher conversion rates. Slide 29. Where we have dealers, we've added a brand. With 126 current customers adding another Masco brand. Where we're underpenetrated, we've added new dealers with 50 new dealers coming on board already. Together, 176 dealers have added the Masco brand, representing 241 showrooms, all the while, while not having lost a single customer due to the Cabinet integration. We are excited to share our Cabinet strategy with you today and look forward to updating you all on our progress. And with that, I'll turn the call back up over to Tim.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, thank you, Donnie. Just a couple of quick comments before we go to Q&A. Obviously, the macro environment continues to be challenging, and we anticipate that that's going to be achieved for the near term. Consumer confidence, unemployment and uncertainty, whether it's the political climate, foreclosures, home prices, continue to impact our markets. Having said that, we expect that during the near term, repair/remodel activity should be a little bit stronger than new home construction. And we continue to anticipate starts in 2010 to be in a range of 575,000 to 625,000. Having said that, we'll continue to focus on what we can control to improve our execution and strengthen our brands. That includes driving the Masco Business System across our enterprise, continuing to emphasize innovation and continuing to aggressively manage our fixed costs. We estimate by the end of this year, we will have taken out approximately $500 million of fixed cost going back to the start of the downturn. A lot of that has impacted our Installation and Cabinet business. We continue to manage those businesses very aggressively. I think Donnie did a great job of talking about some of the exciting things that are going on in Cabinets. But having said all that, we really need some additional volume in both of those segments, and we believe we're very well positioned when the economy picks up. We will continue to manage both of those segments aggressively. There's more that we can do and more that we will do. We continue to be very optimistic about the long-term fundamentals for our markets. We believe we can create significant value by continue to drive customer satisfaction, working to take market share and longer term, focusing on global expansion. And certainly, appreciate the efforts of the Masco team across our businesses for making all that happen. And with that, we'll open up the lines for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: First, in Cabinets. Now that you're deeper into this restructuring, just wanted to see what you looked at for 2011 in terms of reduced fixed overhead costs heading into the new year?
Timothy Wadhams: I think the Cabinet fixed cost reduction that we have achieved or will estimate by the end of this year would sound about $180 million. I think it was about $180 million, Keith, as of the end of this year. Now I don't think that includes the closure of the two plants that relate to our ready-to-assemble related business. So there'd be some additional related cost reductions there. I think that's about $20 million if I'm not mistaken.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: That's over several years, correct?
Donald Demarie: Since 2006.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that goes back, Keith, to the start of the downturn. This is really comparing our fixed cost structure at the end of 2006 to where we would estimate that we'd be at the end of 2010.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: So just roughly, if you look at the '11 fixed cost versus '10 fixed cost, how much will be down in '11?
Timothy Wadhams: 2011 versus 2010?
John Sznewajs: We'll have to look at the number, Keith.
Timothy Wadhams: I would guess though, it's at least probably 30 because you've got the two Cabinet playing.
John Sznewajs: Well, I think that the cost related to the two Cabinet facilities in this year are in the 180.
Timothy Wadhams: So that's in the $180 million. So yes, Keith, the number as of the end of 2010 is probably $160 million. There'd be another $20 million or so related to the closure of the two Cabinet plants that manufacture the ready-to-assemble and in-stock assembled. And my guess is as we continue to work our way through the integration, I would expect that we're going to find additional costs there. The cost related to the integration, John, if I'm remembering right, we're anticipating about $30 million of reduction and most of that's probably in the fixed cost side, isn't it?
John Sznewajs: That would be, yes, fixed cost side.
Timothy Wadhams: So that would add another $30 million to that $20 million. So that basically be about $50 million but then it would be more by 2012, Keith.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: The two plants, the two RTA plants when would they closed by?
Timothy Wadhams: Probably early second quarter.
Donald Demarie: Sometime in the second quarter next year, Keith.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: And then going to the press release, you had a comment in the outlook saying it appears a recovery in certain of your markets to be slower than previously anticipated. Could you just expound upon that? And is that a view you had three or four months ago and you're just reiterating it? Is it a new view? Just any detail on that would be great.
Timothy Wadhams: That's a good question and I think it really is a continuation of what we started to see in the end of the second quarter. And specifically, as I think most folks are aware, estimations or forecast for new home construction have continued to come down over the course of the last several months. And really, what we're referring to there is what looks like a slower period relative to new home construction. Obviously, we've got a lot of uncertainty around foreclosures and how that's going to play out and the timing of that. But basically, that would be what we're referring to at a point when house prices still have not stabilized, I think the repair/remodel activity probably is going to be deferred until that happens. And we start to see a pickup in consumer confidence. So I think if anything, it's probably from our perspective compared to where we were a couple of three months ago, looks like it's going to be a little further out.
Operator: We'll go next to Ivy Zelman with Zelman & Associates.
Ivy Lynne Zelman: This is after your forecast you showed in Slide 20 that showed the Cabinet industry getting back to $15 billion, which is pretty much equal with the peak of '06 at $15 billion and I kind of want to understand what expectation do you have was embedded in there for the new construction market. Do you assume that starts to get back to where we were in '06? And then understanding that, you've got significant cost reductions that you've had since '06, $180 million that you've outlined and more to come. What capacity are you basically leading in place in order to get to that $15 billion assumption with respect to -- I guess what I'm trying to ask is how many housing starts can you ultimately manufacture with your current footprint? And would it be possible that you're being too optimistic to get back to the levels that we were able to achieve back in '06? And that there could be significant more cost reductions? And then just to follow on that, the Paint business, you indicated that we saw weakness in paint, which we're wondering is that destocking as it relates to your large customer? Or is it more consumer-driven and recognizing that that's been one of the best performing areas, really, I want to understand what you're seeing there. So if you can start with the first then hopefully answer the latter.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I'll do well, I think, paint. That's more consumer-driven, we believe, Ivy, at this point and not related to destocking. That would be more of a consumer issue. I don't have any knowledge of any concerns around destocking. And in terms of the $15 billion that was projected for 2014, that's a Freedonia estimate in terms of -- they did a big market study that came out I think a couple of months ago. And that's their estimate in terms of what the market might look like in 2014. I think in response to your question about housing starts, at that point in time, I mean, we would again, we haven't made an estimate. But I guess just off the top of my head for 2014, I'd be real surprised if we're not back to a level of somewhere around 1.2 to 1.4 I would guess at that point in time, assuming that we get a little bit of traction going forward. You've obviously got some estimates out that I think go through 2013, if I'm not mistaken, that would suggest that, that trend might make a little bit of sense. And our sense is that that's something that would be achievable. But again, we've got to get some traction here in terms of new home. Donnie, do you want to take the capacity side of the Cabinet?
Donald Demarie: Yes, on the capacity side, we certainly aren't holding on capacity based upon a real growth outlook. As a matter fact, our capacity issues have been more supply chain related given the complexity that we had with the three brands and the fact that each of them had a separate supply chain, and even really a separate manufacturing philosophy. So we've worked hard to kind of drive that efficiency throughout the platform. That was really a key driver in our decision to bring the organization together. We think there's opportunity to continue to get at the fixed cost structure, but we're certainly not holding on the capacity for the hope that we're going to get back to where we once were and feel the need to serve it. So right now, where our heads are at is let's drive the efficiencies out, let's take the cost out and really be ready for the rebound. And to the extent that some point in the future, five, six years out, things are a bit better than we think they might be, then we'll jump for them at that time.
Timothy Wadhams: I think what Donnie's really saying there is we're going to manage a little bit more aggressively for the near term. We ought to be able to react on the upside to the extent that there is additional opportunity and things may be come back a little quicker than we think.
Ivy Lynne Zelman: Just one more follow-up on the question related to Cabinets. You mentioned that you had $23 million that was related to businesses that you exited. Can you give us an idea what percent the retail sales figure of 4% decline would have looked like had you not have those decisions to exit those $23 million of business?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that would represent about 1% theoretically about $2 billion of sales last year. So that would have been about 1%, Ivy.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Zener with KeyBanc.
Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I wonder if you could comment on the three to four points you estimated you lost in the Installation business. In the market side, you were an X for your closing sites. Can you talk about the logic? Was it really just pricing because I know you guys have commented that you got better purchasing on the let's say on the installations, so could you talk about kind of the logic and how that might be shifting?
Donald Demarie: Yes, Ken. This is Donnie. it's very, very hard for us to come up with a share loss in this segment because there's been extreme volatility in the cycle times. What we have done now is we've gone back and looked at the locations we've shut, and we had sales plans in place within those locations to maintain sales coverage but from facilities that would have been a little bit farther away. So we're really increasing our coverage ratio. We also took a significant reduction in our fixed cost by driving out cost to really spend the operating losses. As we go back today and really look at sales specifically by market, we think that we probably were too aggressive in taking some of these sales people out. And so we are now addressing some of those markets where we just don't feel that the coverage has been sufficient where we had plans to maybe keep it at a little bit higher level. So we're shifting gears a little bit and that's put in some feedback on the street. We want to make sure that any share loss we had there that we can recover. And to the other point of your question, we have seen pricing on jobs that is unattractive. So as the market has continued to be depressed for a longer period of time, we have seen competitors willing to work for wages and really chase work in areas that we just don't feel is attractive for us at any price.
Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And I guess just a follow-up on Windows. Can you talk about the strategy? I know you guys have talked about extending the product offering kind of from the higher into the more value-oriented. Can you talk about the success and challenges you've seen in there relative to competition?
Donald Demarie: Yes, on the Windows side, we actually have two new products. We launched Simplicity a little bit over probably about 18 months ago now and really, a less featured line for our new build customers. And that has grown in market share and we have seen a mixed change to Simplicity. We also just recently had launched our new wood fiberglass line, which is Essence, and that just launched in the showrooms in the third quarter. So we're excited about that opportunity. So we have seen a mixed change to more of the Simplicity product, primarily in the new home construction side. We haven't seen any change really the dealer market.
Timothy Wadhams: I think the other thing there, Ken, too is that since the downturn in new home, we've made a significant shift from new home construction to repair/remodel in terms of our Window business in North America.
Operator: We'll go next to David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Just a couple questions. First of all, going back about a year ago, you'd offer us kind of your assessment of the break even on the Installation business as being at about 750,000 starts. So I'm just wondering if it's possible to get an update on where you think that might be today, if it's changed at all?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, at this point, David, we would still see that number around 750,000 to 800,000 as we mentioned. We're continuing to work very hard to try to lower that. That's really a segment number though, and I think it's important to note that, that includes the launch related to Masco Home Services and our WellHome business. We've got a Framing business thing there as well as a Distribution business. So that's a segment-wide number. My sense is that we've got some opportunity going forward to bring that down a little bit more, and we'll be working hard to do that. But we're still looking at a number that's approximately in that same range.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Secondly on the Cabinet business. As you roll out your new brands under KraftMaid, is there more of a focus on home centers or dealers? I know you've talked a lot here in the presentation today about the importance of the dealer channel. And what do you think this might give you in terms of price opportunities just to address some of the inflation in that category?
Donald Demarie: Strategies really across all three channels, and we're doing a really nice job with our Merillat, Quality brands at the direct to builder. And on the home centers, we've done a nice job with KraftMaid, but we think there's some opportunity there to really focus on innovation and the purchasing experience and really drive sales through that channel. The dealer side for us is probably the one that represents the most opportunity. We're number two in dealers but have a relatively small share position. And we think that, that channel is one that we've been underrepresented in and we put more feet on the street to really go out and further penetrate that channel. So strategies really across all three channels. But if I was going to say the one that holds the most opportunity, certainly, it would be the dealer channel but we see huge opportunities really in all three channels.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And then just finally on the Paint category. It seems like you're anniversary-ing the premium plus Ultra now. You've got cost inflation in resins and titanium dioxide, which you talked about over the last couple of quarters. Your competitor on the other side of the aisle started to cut its prices at this point. I don't know if you responded with a price cut or not. My best understanding is you have not as of yet. But I guess I'm just trying to gauge the outlook for margins in that category, given that it looks like the cost inflation is likely to continue and price competition is starting to build. How should we think about that?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, as we mentioned earlier, that we expected a little bit of pressure in the second half, and we did experience that in the third quarter. We'll experience a little bit of that in the fourth quarter. But we'll continue to work with our suppliers, work on productivity and certainly work on pricing related to our products going forward. I would say that again, as you look at our margins historically in this category, they've been pretty consistent over time. Usually they'll move one direction or another on a temporary basis, maybe at quarterly basis. But we're very comfortable that we'll continue to have very good performance in this segment not going forward, and be able to work our way through some of the issues with supply and cost at this point in time.
Operator: We'll go next to Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research Company.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: You made a comment about managing the business more aggressively for the near term related to your comments about the outlook for housing being a little bit more protracted than perhaps you previously thought or hoped. Can you just explain a little bit better what you mean by managing more aggressively for the near term?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think we're going to keep doing the things that we've been doing, Eric, in both the Install and Cabinet business. I think one thing that's really important is we have very strong management teams in both of those businesses. Management teams that we have a very high level of confidence in. Obviously, things are difficult now, but Donnie did a very good job I think at talking about what we're doing from a Cabinet strategy standpoint. We think there's some huge opportunities and again, we've got to get things in place to take advantage of what we think will be a much more robust environment somewhere down the road. So when we think about those two businesses, we think about great leadership, we think about great products in terms of Cabinets, the innovation that we're doing. On the Install side, we've got a good team there as well that is getting after it every day. And again, we have managed aggressively. I think when you look at the costs that we've taken out of both of those businesses over the last couple three years, I think it's very significant. I think there's still opportunity to do that going forward, and we'll continue to do a lot of the same things we have done. We'll look at our footprint in terms of the Installation business. We'll look at the way we manage that business, look at different alternative ways to approach the markets. But again, there's a lot of focus there. We've had very good teams, and we feel very confident that we're going to create value going forward in both those segments.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: So I guess just to clarify, when I heard you say manage it more aggressively, I interpreted that to be managing costs out in light of a softer housing environment. What it looks like you're doing is you're putting more feet on the street in both Install and Cabinets. Is that to improve market share? Is the near-term focus to improve the market share performance? Is the near-term focus to manage down the cost structure?
Timothy Wadhams: I think it's both, Eric. I think as Donnie mentioned, I think we've recognized that we cut very deep on the Install side. We may have taken some folks off the street that could help the top line. You can't cost cut yourselves to success over the long term, and I think there are some opportunities for us to take share. And market share in this environment for companies that have a strong financial position I think is a great opportunity and a little bit more investment. We think we'll have a nice payback, both near term and longer term.
Donald Demarie: And I would add, Eric, we're adding feet on the street where we see a significant opportunity to grow share. On the Installation side, we think we cut too far from the secondary market and we've seen opportunities to bring some of those folks back. In the Cabinet side, the dealer market is just -- even though we're number two in sales, and it's really been a market where we've been underrepresented. So we see an opportunity to grow sales within that segment and it makes sense for us to invest to do so. Now on the supply chain side, we've really been focused on managing aggressively our cost structure but also building in flexibility so that on the way back up, we can serve whatever the recovery looks like. We do believe today that that's more protracted than we would have seen in that recovery at the beginning of this year, and we're planning to add back our cost given our outlook.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: On key retail sales or sales to key retailers that softened in 3Q, it look like kind of four points versus 2Q. Can you give any further perspective on to that, and to sell in relative to sell-through, perhaps trends in the quarter and kind of how things had started out in 4Q there?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think the issue there, Eric, is there's nothing remarkable in any of our product groups. I think we saw a slowness pretty across the board. Whether it's a smaller ticket item like paint or plumbing or big-ticket like cabinet. So there isn't any issue or concern relative to share. No concerns just outside of the macro environment. I think our feeling is the consumers have just sort of closed down to a certain extent. And we talked a little bit about that coming out of the second quarter. So I don't think there's any unique trends or anything else going on, Donnie, that I'm aware of.
Donald Demarie: No, and no issues with changes in inventory that would have impacted those numbers.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: And then the last question just on Cabinets. Year-to-date, do you think your market share is up, down, flat?
Donald Demarie: As we spoke to it, on the builder side, we clearly are gaining market share and our sales to our top 10 builders are up. So we're clearly gaining share on the builder direct sales. On the dealers, we're maintaining share but we really had a spot. We are shares through the customers that we've been able to add with new brands. And on the home improvement retailers, we believe we are maintaining share maybe have lost a point or two, primarily due to the product that we exited.
Timothy Wadhams: But still number one at both of the big box in terms of sales.
Donald Demarie: Yes, and one thing that impacts that segment especially in the third quarter on a big way is what's going on in Europe. We have a Cabinet business in the United Kingdom that's primarily new construction, and that market has been impacted every bit as dramatically, if not more, than what's going on here in the United States so we've had some significant underperformance in that business unit. And then our ready-to-assemble Furniture business in Denmark to go in Stenberg, really had a loss of some low margin business to one of their large customers that impacted the quarter pretty dramatically.
Operator: We'll go next to Budd Bugatch with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: It's Sam Darkatsh. I'm just taking you back on Eric's last question there, just wanted to be clear. I think you earlier said in the flip chart that your organic U.S. sales in Cabinets sell 8%, and then I guess organic be defined as excluding the RTA walkaway business.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that's correct.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: Was that better or worse than the cabinet industry in the U.S. in the third quarter, specifically? Was the cabinet industry down worse than 8%?
Timothy Wadhams: Sam, I don't have a sense of that. I don't know.
Donald Demarie: Yes, that's hard to estimate, Sam. We certainly believe that Cabinets in the second half tend to be trending in the down in the low to mid-single digits. So when we think about some of the business we exited that could result in a one- to two-point share loss at home improvement retailers, I think that's pretty consistent.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think Donnie's comments, Sam, just in terms of whether it's 8% or whatever that number might be, I think our sense is just in terms of share, Donnie talked about direct to builder where we are up on a year-to-date basis this year. We, on the dealer side, we're down about that same number. But our sense is that we've added a bunch of opportunities going forward. So it's kind of tough to gauge. But what we feel in terms of trends going forward are positive, both on a direct to builder as well as from the dealer perspective. And you can see the traction we're getting with the strategy in terms of the dealers we've added, the number of dealers that have picked up the Masco brand. And on the home center side, as Donnie mentioned, we could be down maybe a point there. But we're holding our own from a share standpoint across the board.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: Two more quick questions, if I might. One also in Cabinets. The $23 million worth of RTA walkaway, what are you taking for that impact over the next couple of quarters? And then the last question would be you mentioned the pricing net-net, price mix unfavorable at $30 million. Copper and zinc have reinflated recently. What are your thoughts there going forward near term?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, what we mentioned at the end of the last call, Sam, was that we anticipated we had headwinds of about $40 million in the second half of the year related to price commodity relationships. If anything, that's probably increased to say, $50 million, maybe $55 million from a full year perspective. And that would suggest that we've got about $20 million of headwind in the fourth quarter. Most of that is related to resins, inputs for Paint, Windows and Plumbing.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: And the RTA impact the next couple of quarters?
Timothy Wadhams: I would guess, I don't -- John, do you have a sense of that.
John Sznewajs: Well, the $200 million program that we're walking away from and if we ramp it up, Sam, by the end of, let's say, it's the end of Q2 by the time we wind down the program with our customers, there would be a $50 million or so impact per quarter just if you annualize the $200 million over the course of the year.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: So that goes to a more normalized $50 million run rate over the next few quarters because this one was about half that amount?
John Sznewajs: Yes.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First question, I was hoping just to go back to the Cabinets for a moment and I think it was one of the first questions you were asked about. Incremental cost being taken out of the business in 2011 versus 2010 and I think at first blush, you started talking about cost until '06. And then the two plants, which are coming out in the middle of 2011 I believe. So I'm just trying to get a sense of the actions taken in 2010 and perhaps earlier on in 2011. How are we to think about the costs take out in '11 versus '10?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think in big buckets, Mike, we've got plants related to the RTA business that will be closed in early second quarter of next year or second quarter of next year and I think that's about $20 million, isn't it, John? Roughly in terms of fixed cost. In addition to that, the integration that we announced earlier this year, as we've mentioned, as the savings run rate that we've identified at this point in time of roughly $30 million to $35 million will be at about a $5 million run rate by the end of this year. And we estimate that we'll get the entire $30 million to $35 million by the end of 2012. So I would suggest to you that my guess would be and again, I don't know if we have this documented or detailed, but we'll probably have another $15 million to $20 million out by the end of next year. So that would give you about $40 million of incremental fixed cost reduction in Cabinets by the end of next year, with another $10 million to $15 million to come in 2012 based on the integration. Now having said all that, as Donnie and I have both indicated in the past, as we continue to work on the integration, our sense is we'll continue to find some additional opportunities to take costs out. But that would frame what we think the numbers will look like.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So $40 million, but that's annualized by the end of '11. So portions of the $20 million will hit in '11 and then '12 and et cetera, if I understand you correctly.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that's right.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Also just on Cabinets, I believe you had said a $34 million of potential annualized sales from some of the new customers and dealer strategy that you're getting. I was just trying to understand is that based on just the fact that with the new brand or with the new customer looking at an average sales per customer, because obviously, getting the brand on their shelves and walking in on an initial basis, I would assume there's a ramp to that $34 million. So the potential is more just if the customers coming in on a full spend, more mature basis, am I thinking about that right? Or is that something where you could think about getting that $34 million potentially ramping up over a two-, three-year period or if you could just comment on that.
Donald Demarie: Yes. Michael, the estimates come our Masco Cabinetry group and what they do is they look at their sales plan for these customers. And so depending upon the size of the customer of the market they're in and the showrooms, based on who we've added so far, that's what they would see as a potential for annual sales.
Timothy Wadhams: And I think, Donnie, if I'm not mistaken, I think that's pretty much grounded in the current environment that we're in today. Not assuming any significant lift in terms of economics relative to starts might end or increase in repair/remodel activity from kind of where we are relative to current levels.
Donald Demarie: And I would add, Mike, we've just begun. I mean this is an effort that we're trying to give you an early feel for. But we're really just getting out of the gate here with our Dealer Advantage Program. We're still adding people and feet on the street to go after and drive some share in this category. We just see it as a huge opportunity for us though.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just on installation, I believe in the last couple of quarters, you mentioned $4 million of start up cost per WellHome in the first and $5 million in the second. I was wondering if that run rate is continuing? And now with the maybe adding some sales people back in the near term, going to see some incremental fixed cost or a higher cost base and the future of WellHome in terms of those start-up costs and how are we to think about the next couple of quarters with initiatives such as WellHome and perhaps, some additional feet on the street?
Donald Demarie: Well, adding feet, certainly, Mike, will increase some cost. But our sense is that that's going to pay for itself and should have a good return on that investment. The WellHome incremental loss was $3 million in the quarter, and as you know, we ramped that up late last year. We did indicate that we expect to have two branches, the two initial branches. One I think that's in New Hampshire and one that's in the Detroit area here, to a break even or better by the end of this year and we still believe that we're tracking that. But I would anticipate that next year, we'll continue to have some launch-related or operating losses generated by that particular segment. But again, don't have that quantified at this point in time.
John Sznewajs: I would add that the cost in the quarter, didn't gave the incremental cost but cost in the quarter have not ramped up. So we don't anticipate, Mike, that the train or the overhead associated with that initiative will be any higher than what we're currently in.
Operator: We'll go next to Joshua Pollard with Goldman Sachs.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: My question is you made a comment that things have gotten incrementally just a bit worse on your outlook on the new side. You didn't make specific comments with respect to the retail side. I'd love to hear those. And also, if you look over the last three months, can you talk a bit about and I'd love if you could quantify your ability to pass on price? We continue to hear through that channel that pushing prices to the home center has gotten incrementally more difficult, and I was wondering if you could comment on that.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think the repair/remodel-related activity. Yes, I think if anything, you can kind of see that in our sales to RT retail customers. We were positive in the first quarter this year. We were flat in the second quarter. We're down a little bit in the third quarter. So if anything, our experience is that even lower-ticket items we're seeing a little bit of slowness. Now again, is that temporary? It's kind of funny. We stared out very slow, March and April were pretty strong. And since that point in time, things have tended to slow up a bit. Still not seeing a lot of traction for larger ticket repair/remodel activity. I think there's maybe been a little bit more traffic, a little bit more in terms of people looking or considering, but not necessarily willing to pull the trigger. In terms of price commodity over the last three months or your specific question is about price, I don't know that I would say that things are any more difficult than they normally are. That's always a tough conversation. And I think will continue to have a tough conversation, but I don't know that it's any more difficult. We continue to manage price commodity very aggressively and I don't know, Donnie, if you've got anything you want to add to that?
Donald Demarie: The price starts has always been hard and certainly, innovation is key at being able to maintain your margins and you have to have strong leadership brands. And we've got a lot of work to really position our brands in a leadership position to really drive foot traffic. Delta has just done a tremendous job with innovation and driving foot traffic. And the brand is here on Plumbing you'll have Delta. And we feel the same way in the Paint aisle with what they've been able to accomplish and all the innovative things that there has changed. And really that industry from color match to paint primary on, to nano guard. And then if you look at the cabinet industry, we think we're into the same thing. We think that's been a market that, cabinets for the most part, there's been some new styles and designs and maybe colors and finishes. But it's right for innovation, and we think we have some disruptive innovation in our pipeline that we're real excited to bring to market and we think we're the only one really with the scale to be able to do it in a way that needs to be done. So we look at brands in the cabinet industry, we have the number one brand in KraftMaid for retail, we have the number one brand for builder with Merillat. So where you have strong brands and you continue to innovate and bringing value to both the consumer and your customer, price will always be challenging but it's a little bit easier.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: You made on your comments on paint that you felt like the worst of the commodity pressure was over. I wasn't sure if that was with respect to TiO2 or with resins. I was wondering if you could give some anecdotal evidence of that because we continue to hear that things are equally as tight, if not more tight today than they were just a quarter ago so I'd love a comment there. And then last question on your Cabinet business. With the new launches, I was wondering if there were any special cost in your Cabinet business that were not rationalization charges, especially that we should be thinking about negative 26 from a profit loss as a new run rate, awful wish to improve off of or is there something sort of more specialized in there that we should be thinking about back and now as we look forward.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, the drop in the profit was pretty much in line with the drop in sales in that particular segment. I would say sequentially, we did have some additional costs from the second quarter to the third quarter. To your point, I think about $5 million, $6 million of promotional related expenses. And again, that is pretty consistent with the fact that we had the new launch for KraftMaid. In terms of your question related to resins and TiO2, our folks have been able to navigate through that issue. It is still tight, but our feeling is that the worse is behind us. But that could be in part as I mentioned on the second quarter call, that when you're growing your business as we have been over time and you've got very good relationships with suppliers, that tends to be beneficial. And I'm sure we're not the only company in that position, but we've had a very good relationship, a very good track record. And our feeling is that in terms of supply based on what we know today, it's still going to be tight but still should be very manageable on our part. And that concludes the call for today. I'd like to thank all of you for joining us. And that we look forward to talking with you at the end of the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wadhams - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Donald Demarie - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG Susan Maklari - UBS Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co Megan McGrath - Lehman Brothers Joshua Chan Ivan Marcuse - Northcoast Research Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Budd Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates Ivy Lynne Zelman
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2010 Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] If you have not received the press release and supplemental information, they are available on Mascos website along with todays slide presentation under the Investor Relations section at www.masco.com.  Before we begin managements presentation, the company wants you to direct your attention to the current slides and the note at the end of the earnings release, which are cautionary reminders about statements that reflect the companys views about the future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures. After a brief discussion by management, the call will be open for analyst questions. If we are unable to get to your questions during the call, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations office at (313) 792-5500. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Cindy. And thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. I'm joined today by Donnie Demarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and John Sznewajs, our CFO. And if you would please flip to Slide #3. Net sales in the second quarter of 2010 increased 2% compared to last year's second quarter. Income from continuing operations was $0.01 per share compared to $0.19 per share on an as-reported basis. I should point out that foreign currency did cost us about 1% in terms of the sales change. And I want to talk about earnings per share and margins on a reconciled basis and will do that in just a couple of seconds.  We did execute a new credit agreement in the second quarter, a line of $1.25 billion. We also retired $59 million of debt. And we ended the quarter in a very strong cash position, with $1.4 billion of cash at June 30, 2010.  If you'd please flip to Slide #4. I want to take a look at margins without some of the restructuring charges that occurred in this year's second quarter as well as last year's. And looking at gross profit, on an as-reported basis, our gross profit margin was 26.7%, down 30 basis from 27% in the second quarter of last year. However, if we adjust those gross profit margins for rationalization charges, and obviously, we've got a much more significant rationalization charge this year given some of the things we're doing with our Cabinet business, gross margins would have been on an adjusted basis for both years 28.4% versus 27.4%.  In addition, at the bottom of the slide, in terms of operating profit, if we add back rationalization charges in both years, and again, these are the total rationalization charges, the rationalization charges that were reconciled for gross margin are those charges that affected cost of sales. And also add back one-time charges from the second quarter of 2009. Our operating margins on a comparative basis would've been 8.3% versus 7.3%. Again, with both on an adjusted basis, both gross margin and operating margin up 100 basis points. If you flip to Slide #5, in terms of earnings per share. In addition to rationalization charges in the quarter, we also had impairment charges for financial assets, and that would be true in 2009 as well. And if we add those back and normalize our tax rate at 36%, our comparative earnings would've been $0.16 in the second quarter of 2010 compared to $0.17 last year.  In addition, and I think this is an important point for investors, this year's earnings are reduced by $0.02 related to incremental interest expense from the bond issue we had earlier this year. And we also had a swing in terms of currency translation impact. Last year, we had gains of $11 million. This year, we had a loss of $5 million. That swing is about $0.03. So our $0.16 includes an additional $0.05 of interest expense and change in currency loss. If you please flip to Slide #6. Taking a look at some of the trends that we've been tracking over the course of the last couple of quarters, and again, these are on an as-adjusted basis. We've included the as-reported numbers in the appendix. We've talked about margins. You can see the key retailer sales were flat in the quarter. I think many of you know we have announced the exit of certain products related to Cabinets. And if we were to exclude Cabinets in both quarters, our key retail sales would have been up 3% in the second quarter. As it relates to Cabinets at retail, we do have a significant launch that will take place for KraftMaid in the fall of this year. Incremental margins were again very strong in the quarter. We had incremental sales of $35 million with incremental profit of $24 million with an incremental margin of 69%. If you please would flip to Slide #7. The 2% sales gain was driven primarily by Plumbing, both in North America and internationally, as well as sales of windows and paints and stains. In addition, we did have unfavorable currency impact of $17 million. And you can see here, these next set of slides are presented on a segment basis. They exclude general corp-related expenses as well as rationalization charges. But in terms of profitability, you can see a nice increase here from 8.6% to 9.6%., again, driven by both volume as well as cost reductions, which offset a less favorable relationship between price and commodity. If you flip to Slide #8. North American sales were also up 2%, again, driven by Plumbing and paints and stains, and we show a nice margin improvement in North America: 8.7% increasing to 9.6% in the second quarter of 2010. If you flip to Slide #9 please. Our International operations also were up 2%, driven by Plumbing Products and window sales, which offset lower sales volumes of Cabinets. Importantly, our International operations were up 8% in local currencies. That's the second straight quarter that those businesses have been up 8%. And we did have unfavorable currency from our International operations of $24 million. And you can see here that we had, again, some very nice profit improvement for our International businesses. And this, I think, is the third straight quarter that we've shown some very nice margins in those operations. If you move to Slide #10 for Cabinets. Our Cabinet sales were down 5% in the quarter. If we were to exclude the impact of foreign currency as well as some of the products that we're exiting, sales in this segment would have been flat. And on that same basis, our North American sales for assembled Cabinets would have been up 2%. We had some nice improvement in this segment from a profit standpoint, notwithstanding the fact that our sales were down. We did have a profit improvement, again, on a reconciled basis without restructuring charges, and continued to do a very good job in this segment in terms of cost reduction. Now if you flip to Slide #11. Our Plumbing-related Products had another very strong quarter. Sales were up 8%, and we had very good results in both North America as well as from our International operations, and we had very nice margin improvement, as you can see, from 12.4% to 13.5%. So a very, very good performance by our Plumbing business. If you flip to Slide #12. In terms of Installation and Other Services, sales in this segment were down 1%. And when we look at starts on a lag basis, lag 90 days, starts were up 14.5%. Based on the small number of starts, we took a look at our top line on a first half basis to see if those comparisons made a little more sense to us. In the first half, on a lag basis, 90 days, housing starts were down 3.7% and our segment sales were up 7.5%. When we factor in the significant price reductions that have impacted our business from a competitive standpoint, that more than explains the difference between starts being down 3.7% and our sales being down 7.5% and suggests to us that we continue to take share.  A major highlight in this particular segment is the profit improvement that we saw. Even with sales off a little bit, we did have a decrease in our loss from $27 million to $21 million. And I would point out that the $21 million includes $5 million of P&L impact related to our launch of Masco Home Services, the WellHome-related operation. So we're really pleased with the cost reductions and the work that's been done in this segment. If you flip to Slide #13. Decorative Architectural Products had another very solid quarter. Sales were flat year-over-year as increased sales of paints and stains were offset by declines in builder hardware. Margins were down slightly in the quarter, reflecting less favorable price-commodity relationships.  As we've done in the past, if we look at our first six months in this particular segment, margins are pretty comparable to last year, down I think just a little bit from 21.9% to 21.4%. We've had some challenges in this segment relative to commodities, both in terms of resins and TiO2. We believe that the worst is behind us, but supply is tight and, talking with our suppliers, some of our major suppliers, could remain tight for some time. Costs in this segment are up. And because of our excellent relationship with suppliers, we've been able to get the supply that we need and anticipate being able to do that going forward. Obviously, it helps when you're growing.  We're 100% committed to satisfying our customers and the end consumer. As you know, or I think you know, we've enjoyed 99.9% fill rates. That's very important to us, maintaining lead times, fill rates and stock positions. And both The Home Depot, our major customer for paint, and Behr continued to take share, and both had a very strong second quarter.  We anticipate some margin pressure in the second half of 2010, given the situation with price-commodity relationships. However, we still expect to have solid margins. We'll continue to work with our suppliers and continue to work on productivity within our facilities and operations and with our customer. We're very committed to productivity and lean, as I think all of you are aware. And we'll also continue to work to expand our business. We continue to innovate, have had a great deal of success with our paint and primer in one, both for interior and exterior applications, and continue to do a good job pursuing the Pro paint initiative. If you flip to Slide #14. Other Specialty Products showed increase of 4%, driven by increased sales volume of windows. And we also had a nice performance in this segment from a profit standpoint with margins up from 5.5% to 7.2%. If you flip to Slide #15, working capital. We had another very, very good performance. Donnie, John, our operations folks across the company continue to do a very good job of managing working capital. Working capital as a percent of sales, and here we're talking about receivables plus inventories less payables, in terms of dollars, declined from 17.8% last year to 16.1% this year. We saw some nice movement in both receivables and payables days. Inventory days are up slightly versus last year's second quarter. We look at that as a temporary situation, driven in part by sales falling off a little bit late in the quarter and the buy-ahead in certain areas for certain products. But I'm very confident that those inventory days will be worked down by the end of the year. If you flip to Slide #16. I want to take a quick look at our thoughts about the macro economic environment. So far in 2010, our sales have been very uneven. We started January, February modestly down in comparison with the prior year. March and April, as we mentioned on the call last time around, were up high-single digits. May, we saw up just modestly versus 2009. And in June, we were down in terms of our sales low-single digit. And the trends in June that we experienced have continued into July. Looking ahead, it's a pretty tough read in terms of the overall market. The tax credit did not seem to drive a lot of activity from a housing starts standpoint. And accordingly, our feeling right now is that starts will be in a range of 575,000 to 625,000, and that compares with our range of 600,000 to 700,000. I think the Blue Chip consensus right now is 660,000. And I think, as most of you know that follow that, that has continued to drop virtually every month over the course of the last six, eight months. From a macro standpoint, we still think that repair/remodel activity, International business will show some modest improvement year-over-year. And again, that's on a macro basis. And having said all that, we think the second half from a top line standpoint looks to be a bit challenging. And again, that's not Masco-specific, but that's a macro comment. Our attitude is we'll continue to focus on the things that we can control. And with that, I'd like to turn the presentation over to Donnie, who's going to talk a little bit about some of the things that we're doing in the Installation segment as well as the Cabinet segment.
Donald Demarie: Okay, thank you, Tim. If we can, let's turn to Slide #18. The Masco Business System, or MBS, is our common operating platform to drive results to our individual operating companies. We turn to Slide 19. Through MBS, our focus is then on improving gross profit and lowering our fixed costs to create maximum operating leverage. We have aligned part of our incentive compensation targets around improving our working capital while using lean principles to reduce costs and create the currency to reinvest in our business. Earlier, Tim had commented on some of the favorable trends. On Slide #20. I'd like to spend some time updating you on the progress in Installation and Other Services as well as Cabinets. First, we'll take a look at Installation and Other Services on Slide 21. We have continued to optimize our infrastructure and since 2006, we're down approximately 30% in branch locations, 50% in vehicles and 60% in headcount. Included in these numbers are significant reductions we have continued to make in 2010. Slide #22. We will win in Installation Services by continuing to reduce our fixed costs, improve our productivity and focusing on the profitable sales of insulation and select diversified products. We are continuing to open new distribution locations for service partners and now have 17 WellHome locations servicing new markets and expanding channels. On Slide #23. As things improve, we are the largest provider of installed insulation in the United States, and we have already reduced our fixed costs by approximately $180 million since 2006. Our ERP system will be creating scale and customer service advantage, and our WellHome locations will position us as the leader in retrofit applications, leveraging energy efficiency and building science. Competitive pricing will always be important, but scale, performance and dependability will drive true competitive advantage in a more normal market. Slide 24. If we move on to Cabinets, really on Slide 25, we have mothballed or closed eight facilities again since 2006 and have lowered our headcount in this segment by 45% Slide #26. We will win at Masco Cabinetry by exiting non-strategic product lines and focusing on our core assembled products. We will lead the industry in innovation, design, manufacturing and service. Our three leading brands, KraftMaid, Merillat and Quality address all significant consumer segments and price points, and we will expand our presence in the dealer channel. Since we have announced the merger, we have had over 50 dealers add an additional Masco brand to their current Cabinet offerings.  Slide #27. Going forward, we have already reduced our fixed costs by approximately $140 million, again, since 2006. And our portfolio of leading brands will drive higher penetration and enable greater customer insight and customer value. We are leveraging our existing customers to drive coordinated countertop and innovative solutions to both cooking and storage needs. Longer-term, we see further opportunities to optimize our production, sales and distribution systems to further improve earnings and asset utilization. And with that, Tim?
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Donnie. And with that, Cindy will open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Budd Bugatch at Raymond James.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates: Just one thing that struck me is that you said windows actually drove some improvement, yet we still see some deterioration or it looks like deterioration in Installation Services and your new housing activity forecast still much more conservative. Can you kind of give us a flavor of what happened there? And what caused that?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, windows, Budd, we have seen a pretty significant shift in terms of moving from new construction to repair/remodel activity. And as you know, there's been some tax incentives in place which have encouraged window replacement. We've also seen some pretty good activity in the United Kingdom relative to windows. And again, most of that is on a replacement side as well. So that would be a little bit of the difference there.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates: And in the United Kingdom, is that also Milgard?
Timothy Wadhams: No, not in the U.K. That our U.K. Window Group.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates: I see. Okay. And can you talk a little bit about where you are now in the Cabinet integration? How close are you to being done? And when will you finally, or are you totally exited now out of RTA?
Timothy Wadhams: No, but the RTA exit is really -- the timing is due to some customer-related issues as we work through kind of exit plans and the possible sale of that business. So we anticipate that will occur sometime around the end of this year or the first quarter of next that we'll be completely out of the RTA. On the integration side, things have gone well. May 1 was really our first day operating as Masco Cabinetry. We'll be moving into our new combined headquarters in Ann Arbor somewhere around October 1. And the integration appears to be going very well.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And the exit of RTA, is that domestic and International?
Donald Demarie: No, it's just domestic, Budd.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ivy Zelman with Zelman & Associates.
Ivy Lynne Zelman: You've shown some pretty good improvement on the profitability side. And obviously, you guys are working hard and doing tough things, headcounts, et cetera and taking out fixed costs. What concerns me, Tim, on the first glance is looking at what had been a good quarter for new construction in terms of completions, you mentioned 14% increase; I'd like to understand the reconciliation that you gave us because I didn't follow you on why we wouldn't have seen growth in the best quarter probably for 2010 in Installation Services, and that business from a top line perspective. Unless you can break out volume for us versus price, I think a lot of us are probably going to be pretty confused on that and recognizing that the back half of the year is going to be much more challenging. So that's the first question, just understanding that reconciliation. And then if you can break out Cabinets as well, you mentioned that if it wasn't for your exit of RTA product within the home centers, you would have been up, which was helpful. But understanding the difference between repair and remodel, because in your outlook comments, you mentioned that big ticket items you expect to slow. So I don't think that a lot of people were expecting big ticket items to actually increase. Can you kind of break apart what you're actually seeing at point of sale given that you commented July is trending down, June was trending down. June was still a good completion month for new construction, so I think we need some more help here.
Timothy Wadhams: I'll take the Cab side of that question, Ivy. What we have seen is on the builder side, and the dealer side for Cabinets was relatively strong, if you will, in the second quarter, basically offsetting some declines at retail. We continued at retail to see some certainly slowness with big ticket-related items. Obviously, retail is the area where we have exited certain product groups. But we had, basically, just in terms of comparing the two sides of that, if we look at the builder side and a little bit stronger dealer opportunity in the second quarter, that would've offset the retail side. And I'll let Donnie answer the question on the housing.
Donald Demarie: Yes, Ivy, when we looked at the housing starts in the quarter, really a lot of small numbers moving around very quickly and some swings between multifamily and single-family, and took a look at really the full year of 2010 versus the full year same period of 2009 and then lag 90 days on starts. And what we saw was a decrease of 3.7% versus segment decline of 7.5%. And we haven't given out the specific selling price deterioration in the segment. But more than offsetting or explaining the difference was what we had been selling price and feel confident that on the first half of the year, on a lag start basis, that we are actually gaining share. And when we look at completions, I guess our information might be a little bit different than maybe what you're looking at because we actually had second quarter of 2010 completions down about 4% to 5% from second quarter of '09. And if we look at the first half of 2010 completions versus the first half of 2009 completions, we actually show completions down 12.5%. So unless we're looking at maybe some different information, we actually saw completions down during the same period.
Timothy Wadhams: Ivy, you mentioned 14.5%. That would've been the increase in starts in the second quarter from the information that we have.
Ivy Lynne Zelman: Right. I guess that makes sense. If you think about it year-over-year, what you're saying is that completions were down year-over-year. And sequentially, we saw an increase in completions. And so wondering the benefit of the strength of the tax credit when builders saw an improvement in starts and we started seeing growth in starts, are you suggesting that there might be some benefit in the third or fourth quarter from the completions that you didn't get in the 2Q because of the lag effect?
Donald Demarie: Yes, Ivy, we're looking at, I mean obviously, we now lagged -- we actually have the second quarter housing starts that will lag, which really will impact our third quarter. And they came in, I believe, around 170,000, which are up about 20% to 30% over the lag first quarter. So we're going to be tracking that very closely. Tim mentioned the trend that we're seeing in July. And so far, early in the month, we're not seeing that. So that's something that we're going to have to track very, very closely. I will say also on housing starts, as we looked at this closely, on a sequential basis, Q2 of 2010 versus Q1 of 2010, they were up 9% and our segment sales were up 13%. So we feel really good that we're performing in line and in sequence with the market. Probably our biggest concern will be there should be a significant increase going into the second half of the year, and early in the quarter, we're not seeing that.
Ivy Lynne Zelman: Your completion number that you're referring to, we were thinking single-family completions were up 15% year-over-year in second quarter. So you're taking total completions down 5% [ph](38:03).
Donald Demarie: We're talking total. Yes, we've always looked at total.
Ivy Lynne Zelman: So at this point, you're not sure why July would be tracking down because it should be up based on completions that you have yet to benefit from. So is that potentially a share issue?
Donald Demarie: Well, we don't think so. As we said, we've really dived into both the second quarter as well as the half year. And in both periods, we believe we've gained share. So nothing indicates to us -- now we have to remember it's early in July. This business does not report point of sale, so it's hard to get good reads on it during mid-month. But early on -- and you also have a holiday at the beginning of the month which impacts services more than it does the other businesses. So yes, it's hard to say at this point, Ivy. We're just trying to give you the trend that we're seeing early.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Pete Lisnic at Robert W. Baird.
Joshua Chan: This is Josh Chan filling in for Pete. I was just wondering how much price cost unfavorability did you experience during the quarter, if you are willing to quantify that?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we had about $20 million, Josh, of unfavorable price-commodity relationship in the quarter. And that would've been impacting the Installation segment, as well as the Decorative Architectural segment, and to a lesser degree, our Plumbing segment. And I would point out that we had cost savings of approximately $20 million on a net basis which offset that negative price-commodity relationship.
Joshua Chan: Okay. And then I was just wondering, is higher commodity cost or lower pricing, which one is a bigger factor?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, basically, it's both. But we don't really break out price specifically. We deal with a lot of very large suppliers, a lot of very large customers and don't get into specific discussions about price and/or cost related to vendors.
Joshua Chan: Okay, I understand that. The on your outlook for Decorative Architectural, you said the worst is behind you in terms of cost pressure.
Timothy Wadhams: In terms of ability. We were talking, Josh, just in terms of availability of resins and TiO2. Costs continue to be a challenge in that segment.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Rehaut at JP Morgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just wanted to clarify when you were walking through some of the math with the Installation Services and the housing market backdrop, are you looking at completions or starts? And is it also part of the issue, because I'm doing the math here at home or in the office rather, and is it seasonally or unseasonally adjusted?
Donald Demarie: Yes, we primarily use, Michael, housing starts. And we use the unadjusted quarterly -- we use the actual quarterly numbers, and then we lag it one quarter.
Timothy Wadhams: Heard [ph](41:15) Mike, talking about both starts and completions in the previous conversation.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Right, but you're purely looking at this against starts.
Donald Demarie: We've looked at it a bunch of different ways because, obviously, as we look at starts, you have really small numbers and you have a lot of change occurring in the start number, especially when you consider the swings between multifamily and single-family. So we're trying to come up with a way that make more sense of the small sampling.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Right. Second question, just on the Cabinets. You'd mentioned that you added 50 dealers. And I guess when initially we were thinking about the combination of the Builder Group and the Retail Group, it seemed to be more of a back-end opportunity. And I was wondering if -- what is changing fundamentally? Or how you're going to market that? You're adding dealers and what you think the revenue opportunity, I mean, this [ph](42:19) facility I just thought that you still had kind of a couple of brands going this way and a couple brands going this way. But is there new crossover opportunities that you're cross-selling one brand that you had gone into big box -- into the builder channel or vice versa? And what do you think the opportunity is longer term?
Donald Demarie: Actually, the combination has really always been focused on top line; that we saw tremendous opportunity to drive top line growth where we had mutually exclusive dealers between KraftMaid and Merillat, for the most part. We felt that we could meet more of the price point needs of our customers. And when we looked at our lineup with Quality really in the value price segment and Merillat really in that middle with storage and functionality and really setting that brand to really drive all-around ergonomics, and then KraftMaid being the brand to really aspire to that we felt we could meet the majority of the consumer segmentation and that needed to really sell those brands as a package. So as we looked at this, we thought we had a compelling offering to keep more of that business in-house and get a bigger share of the wallet, as well as provide better customer service through being able to rep the products in the similar way, look at the supply chain as far as taking variability and costs out, and just felt it was more compelling for a dealer to keep that business with Masco, especially considering some of the things we're doing with coordinating hardware and countertops as well. So we always saw this as a big top line opportunity. I will make one clarification to your question. Whem we talked about 50 dealers adding a brand, those weren't meant to be all new dealers. I don't have the breakdown between how many of those were new versus existing dealers who carried one of our brands who added another brand. But we see this as a big top line opportunity, and that was really the driving force behind the merger.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Mike, and I think if you think about it, obviously Cabinets have declined pretty significantly. I think, if I'm remembering right, some information I saw suggested that in 2006, that was about a $15 billion market, and I think currently, it's running $9 billion or $10 billion. So as things improve, I don't know that we get back to $15 billion because, obviously, some of that was being driven by equity extraction back in the day. But we will get back to something north of where we are today, and we think that the strategy puts us in a really good position to take some share on the way back up. In addition, countertops are about a $15 billion market, and we did add a countertop business that we've talked about, DeNova. And as you know, one of the strategies for this business is to package Cabinets and countertops. So we think there's some upside opportunity there. Be kind of tough right now to quantify what we think is possible there. But we certainly feel very good about our opportunities given these really strong brands and the countertop acquisition, which we certainly think will make the purchase experience that much better.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Nishu Sood at Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG: Not to beat a dead horse here, but I just wanted to revisit the subject of the starts relationship with Installation Service. I think one of the confusions for investors is the multifamily versus single-family differentiation that Ivy and Mike were both alluding to. But so my question is this: Historically, as you look at the revenue split of the Installation Services businesses, would it roughly match the split of starts the way that the census kind of looks at single- and multifamily? So historically, how has that looked? And how has that looked recently? Because obviously there's been a lot of fluctuations, Donnie, like you were saying in small numbers.
Donald Demarie: Yes, the numbers are moving around a lot. I'm not sure I completely understand the question, Nishu. But I think what's important to understand is that Installation and Other Services has always had a strong position both with home building and multifamily. So we've always serviced both segments equally well. I don't believe we have -- the share is hard on the multifamily because, again, it moves around. I will say that the multifamily unit composition versus a single-family unit obviously is smaller, but there is again been a number of changes as multifamily went from small apartments to more of mid-to-high-rise dwellings. Those units actually increased in value because the applications were different. So instead of being residential products, there was some commercial products in place. So that relationship has been a tough one for us to model. If I was going to give you in rough estimates, a multifamily unit is worth a half to 2/3 of what a single-family units is worth to us on a take-per-unit basis in Installation Services.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank AG: Got it. That's perfect; that's exactly what I was looking for. Second, I just wanted to get some color on some of the changes in your specific line item guidance like rationalization charges up by $50 million, D&A went up by $60 million, CapEx declined and corporate expense was down as well. I was just was wondering if you could walk us through some of the drivers of those differences versus last time?
John Sznewajs: Sure, Nishu. It's John. In terms of CapEx, you're going down from the $190 million to the $170 million. It's just a couple projects that we thought would take place this year getting likely to push out into next year. In terms of the rationalization charge that you mentioned, I think that's just more of a refinement. I don't think we really changed it very significantly from the end of the first quarter number that we give you when we talked about the closure of the RTA business down in Waverly. In terms of general corporate expense, again, just some cost containment here. Stock comp expense gets to us a little bit with the stock trading down from where it was at the end of Q2. That makes that a little bit more favorable. So a variety of things go in there. But there is some favorability there. D&A up largely due to the fact that we had some accelerated depreciation as a result of some of the closures or the anticipated closure that the value product group activity that we've got going down in Ohio. So I think those -- and the interest expense, obviously, is up as Tim, I think, mentioned in his prepared remarks because of the $500 million issue that we did in March.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, and the issue on the rationalization charges, we did announce when we talked about the exit of the RTA-related businesses, $115 million of charges. Previous to that, related to the integration of the two Cabinet businesses, we announced a $40 million restructuring charge. I don't know if that's helpful just in terms of parsing that a little bit. The other thing we'd point out too is that in terms of rationalization, our headcount is down, just as a data point, second quarter of last year to this year by about 8%.
John Sznewajs: Yes. And, Nishu, one thing that could change with the rationalization charges, if we are fortunate enough to sell the VPG bit unit to a buyer, there could be a change in that as we have to accelerate some of the charges at the time of the sale. So we're not in a position to comment whether -- it's probably too premature to comment as to whether we can sell the business at this point in time.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ivan Marcuse at Northcoast Research.
Ivan Marcuse - Northcoast Research: What is the total of the 17 branches that you've put out in WellHome, what's the total cost savings there [ph](50:20) from the P&L?
Timothy Wadhams: So far this year, we've incurred about $9 million of cost: About $4 million in the first quarter and about $5 million in the second quarter.
Ivan Marcuse - Northcoast Research: Okay. And then with the reduced outlook, does this program sort of -- do you slow it down a little bit? Or are you going to continue to keep what your planned pace is at the beginning of the year?
Timothy Wadhams: At this point, we've announced I think, what, 17...
Donald Demarie: We have 17 locations opened. The original plan was to go to 22 depending upon, we thought we would accelerate that or pull off that depending upon what happens with Home Star. Right now, our plan is to operate the 17, optimize them, we're learning new things. We are primarily early in the launch in cold weather climates. As we have gotten into some of the southern markets and really looked at some of the hot humid and then dry heat markets, we're finding different attributes in the selling process as well as different take-per-units. So right now, we will stick with the 17. We haven't made a decision whether to roll out five more. That was the original plan. We're going to wait and see how the 17 do and make an assessment probably later in the quarter.
Timothy Wadhams: I think, Donnie, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think we anticipate that at least a couple of those branches should be in a breakeven or better mode, profitability mode by the fourth quarter of this year.
Donald Demarie: Yes, the early prototypes are tracking right on plan, which work to be profitable by year end.
Ivan Marcuse - Northcoast Research: Your profitability was great in the second quarter. Can you maintain that going forward? Or what makes it go higher or lower going forward that you see out there?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I appreciate the comment. W think we've done a pretty good job in the first half in terms of incremental margins, cost containment, et cetera. Little tough to predict margins in this environment. We do expect, going forward, that we'll have some headwinds from a price-commodity standpoint of about $40 million. Having said that, we anticipate additional cost savings. We've realized about $45 million net of cost savings in the first half of the year and would anticipate a number that would probably approximate that or maybe be even a little bit stronger in the second half. The big, big issue for us is obviously volume just in terms of thinking about future profitability. We've got very high contribution margins, tend to average about 30% across the company. Obviously, we're doing a little better than that given some of the cost reduction activity that we've undertaken, so I think it's -- I feel very comfortable and very confident that if we get a meaningful lift in volume, that we ought to convert that at a very attractive rate going forward. But again, we need that lift.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Megan McGrath at Barclays Capital.
Megan McGrath - Lehman Brothers: Just a follow-up on that last comment, actually. Given how well you've done on improving margins so far, do you still think that you need to get above a million starts for the U.S. to reach that 10% operating margin goal that you gave us last year at your Analyst Day?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think we used 1.1 million at that point, Megan, if I recall. And also that assumed a list of about 15% in repair/remodel-related activity, as I remember. And again, we have not gone back and look at that. I would say that we've taken some additional fixed cost out and continue, obviously, to work very hard on supply chain, on lean, on innovation, et cetera. So my guess is that, that number would probably come down a little bit. I think we equated the 15% increase in R&R and the 1.1 million starts to about a $10.5 billion sales number. But my guess is that at this point in time, that would have come down a little bit, but we haven't really put a pencil to paper on that.
Megan McGrath - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Just a quick follow-up on your comments around the paint business and the margin pressure you're expecting to see in the second half. Is that entirely commodities related? Or are you seeing any down mix shift or pricing pressure in that segment?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we talk about pricing-commodity in combination. So we do see some pressure from a price-commodity standpoint. Mix probably doesn't help us that much in the second half. We'd launched Premium Plus Ultra Interior, the paint and primer in one, in the early second quarter of last year in 2009. So that's kind of anniversaried for the most part. We did have a little bit of favorable mix in the second quarter. But I would guess that mix may help us a little bit in that segment going forward. But at this point, I don't know that I would say that, that would be as dramatic as it's been, obviously, since we launched the product over a year ago.
Donald Demarie: Yes, and, Megan, I would add, as Tim pointed out, with commodities in that segment remaining tight, supply versus demand, that we anticipate that we're going to continue to see -- we have seen and will continue to see higher cost.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Goldberg at UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS: It's actually Susan for David. Can you talk a little bit about, given the fact that you did lower the start space for this year, how do you think that we sort of see a ramp up going in future years? Does it change your expectations a lot?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I would guess, if anything, given that we're going slower this year, and when you think about some of the homes that are destroyed each year in terms of teardowns, you think about household formations, population growth growing forward, that I guess, ironically, or I guess how you look at it is the lower we are, the quicker we ought to come back. We continue to think that household formations in the decade 2010 to 2020 should approximate somewhere between 12  million and 15 million. And obviously, that's driven by demographics, immigration, et cetera. But those folks are going to have to have a place to live. And there's some discussion now that there could be maybe a little more shift from home ownership to rental. So there's a lot of dynamics at play there. But I think, if anything, the slower things are, the faster the pace of the recovery when it does start to get some traction.
Susan Maklari - UBS: So it really doesn't change your sort of medium- to longer-term kind of thoughts on where things ultimately trend or...
Timothy Wadhams: No, I don't think so. I think that we'll get back to that 1.4 million, 1.5 million kind of start environment at some point in time here down the road. And obviously we've got some macro challenges at this point in time and consumer confidence is not where you'd like to see it, unemployment levels are still very high, but we're going to continue to focus on the things that we can control from a Masco perspective, implement the Masco Business System, continue to innovate, continue to drive lean, continue to become more knowledgeable about customer-buying habits and preferences and those types of things. So we're going to keep pushing the same kinds of things that we've been pushing. And we think that'll pay off in the long run.
Susan Maklari - UBS: Okay. In terms of your cash flow, and I don't think you gave us a cash flow from ops number, but can you just talk maybe a little bit about how it came in relative to your expectations? And whether it was stronger or weaker? And how that maybe impacts your thoughts around future cash uses for the rest of the year? Any sort of changes there?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I would say that when you look at the working capital comparison that we gave, where receivables inventories less payables represented 16.1% of sales down from 17.8% last year, I think that's certainly indicative of some very strong management on the working capital side. In addition, we did reduce the estimate for capital expenditures, as I think Nishu pointed out a little bit earlier, from $190 million to approximately $170 million. So I think, if anything, we ought to have a pretty solid year from a cash flow standpoint. Did mention that inventory was up a little bit. I think we'll get that back in the second half. So given the operating environment, and I'm sure we'll do a good job, from a cash flow generation standpoint, as we have historically. And I think as things pick up, as folks, I think, probably remember in that period from 2003 through '07, that five-year period, we generated about $5 billion of free cash flow, averaged $1 billion a year during that five-year time frame. And that's after $1.5 billion of capital expenditures and another $300 million of investment in displays. So we'll get back to, on a relative basis, that kind of performance. I'm very comfortable with that as time moves forward. In terms of allocation, from a capital standpoint, continue to focus primarily on investing in the business, supporting our businesses. We've obviously launched a couple businesses. We're driving innovation. We'll continue to invest in the business. We'll certainly would like to see, over time, see our balance sheet improve a little bit in terms of debt to total cap. We've talked about the fact that with the $300 million that was due in March of this year and the $850 million that's due in 2012, what we've told investors is that we would expect a net debt reduction of probably somewhere between $200 million and $300 million. And I think our feeling right now is that, on a near-term basis, given some of the global concerns that have surfaced with Greece, et cetera, having a nice, strong cash balance is more of a plus in terms of a negative. So from a near-term standpoint, I think you'll see us continue to carry a pretty substantial cash balance.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Joshua Pollard with Goldman Sachs.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I have a quick question in paint. You guys have sequentially, quarter-over-quarter, seen a margin improvement in that paint business for each of the last three or four years. And that's even been on a sequentially lower sales pace. With the cost, the sort of price-commodity headwinds that you guys are expecting, can we put that into the question? Or should we not expect that type of improvement quarter-on-quarter for you all?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, first of all, I don't think that we've seen margin expansion quarter-over-quarter for the last four years. We were, I think, in that segment down in 2008 I think around 18% for the full year, which was below the historical margins that we've tended to enjoy at around 21%, if you go back and look at the last four or five years or so. So having said that, that's where the segment has come in. And just in terms of looking forward, I think Donnie talked about it, I talked about it a little bit earlier, but we are seeing certainly some pressure from commodities. The availability is tight in terms of resin and TiO2, and the costs have gone up over the quarters both on a year-over-year and on a year-to-date basis. So that's going to put a little bit of pressure on margins going forward. We don't typically like to predict margins by segment. We certainly anticipate we'll have a strong year in that particular segment, and I would point out that later in the year, we've got, on the builders' hardware side, we've got some program-related costs, some new opportunities that will impact the segment as well. But I think that addresses your question.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: My other question is on your overall price-commodity or commodity headwinds. What are you guys looking for, for the second half of the year? And I assume a good portion of that is coming out of paint, but could you outline the next one or two segments where you feel like the majority of that commodity headwind is coming?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, what I mentioned earlier, Josh, was that we would expect about $40 million of headwinds related to price-commodity relationships in the second half of this year. We're basically pretty much neutral in the first half. Going forward, again, on a company-wide basis, going forward, the impact there would probably be in three segments. Installation would certainly be one of those segments where we've seen a lot of price-related competition and, more recently, have seen an increase in material costs. Decorative Architectural would be a segment, and then Plumbing, to a little lesser degree, would be the third segment. And maybe a little bit, I guess, with windows as well in terms of resins. Cindy, I think we have time for maybe one more question.
Operator: Our last question today will come from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research Company.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: On the Install business, you talked about price competition. Can you just give us a little bit of perspective on the price competition in that business? What it's been in the past? What you're seeing now? And how you expect that to behave going forward?
Donald Demarie: It's Donnie. Couple of things going on in Installation. I think you have to really go back to look at, since we're talking year-over-year comparison, we are seeing competitive pricing impact that segment. And it's been a competitive price environment for a period of time. I will tell you also that it's compounded by the fact that material costs have really come down pretty dramatically within that segment as well. There's been some commodities such as aluminum and lumber that have had minimal impact when you consider that the majority of that segment is really based around insulation sales. So you had your materials decreasing, you had a more competitive pricing environment, so it leads to a lower take per unit when you look at a year-over-year type comparison. On a going-forward basis, what we have seen is pricings remain competitive, but there is a significant price increase that was announced for July 1 and that has gone in place, which appears to be firm. We are pursuing the increase in the marketplace, and we're hopeful that, that will bring some stability to a pretty tough pricing environment.
Timothy Wadhams: One thing, Eric, that I think is worth noting: Right now, given the small number of starts, often, you're competing for maybe one or two homes and going head-to-head with local guys that are very small. And it's really all about price. As time goes on and as we get back to more normal operating levels, our scale and size will become much more important. I think Donnie mentioned this on the slide as we went through the presentation, but when you're going after a subdivision or a much larger quantity of work, dependability, reliability, quality of work, standing behind the work becomes much, much more important. Keep in mind, insulation continues to be a relatively small part of the entire cost of a home. Obviously, builders are very focused on every nickel and dime at this point. But down the road, our scale should give us a lot more advantage in terms of serving the marketplace.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: In terms of this July insulation increase, I guess I'm just curious, do you think that you can hold onto margin, knowing that pricing has been competitive in front of this? Why does a higher insulation cost not create more margin pressure in this businesses in the back half?
Donald Demarie: Well, it certainly does if you can't pass it on. And we are -- it's a large increase and it's an area that we're not going to be able to absorb it, and we're working with our customers and suppliers to pass the additional costs on. We think it's an industry that is operating at very low pricing, possibly historically low pricing. And it's a situation that in a tough environment, we've got to work with both our suppliers and customers to pass that on. But we're not willing to continue to work at low prices and absorb the increase. It's just not something we can do.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: In terms of Cabinets, in looking at your results relative to the industry, I'm curious in terms of when you think or what your thoughts are in terms of stabilizing and improving market share? What you're working on or what you need to do in order to make progress in that area?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think that Donnie talked about that a little bit earlier, Eric, relative to the strategy of integrating the Cabinet businesses, offering the three brands at the different consumer points, value, functionality as well as style and design; working our way up, respectively, Quality, Merillat and KraftMaid. So as we continue to integrate those businesses, Donnie talked a little bit about the dealers adding certain brands. So we certainly think that as things start to pick up, that we ought to be able to perform very well in an improving environment. Obviously, the environment we're in right now, we've had some nice wins in a few areas on the builders side more recently. And again, it's a tough environment. But as things pick up, we certainly believe that strategy's going to pay big dividends, both on the top line and on the bottom line. And that concludes the conference call. I'd like to thank all of you again for joining us. All of the markets for building and home improvement products appear to be slowing. We're very pleased with our first half operating performance. Sales for both the first and second quarter of 2010 were up versus the 2009 quarters, the first positive comparisons on a quarterly basis in several years. And we continue to achieve improved margins. While we expect top line revenues to be challenging in the second half of 2010, we continue to believe that the long-term fundamentals for our markets are positive, and we're very excited about Masco's future opportunities. We'll continue to focus on the aspects of our business that we can control, and we very much appreciate the efforts of the Masco Team across the globe as we implement the Masco Business System to further strengthen our leadership brands and improve our execution. Thank you.
Operator: Again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wadhams  President and CEO Donny DeMarie  EVP and COO
Analysts: Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates Michael Rehaut  JP Morgan Budd Bugatch  Raymond James Joshua Pollard  Goldman Sachs Peter Lisnic  Robert W. Baird David Goldberg  UBS David MacGregor  Longbow Research Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities Matt Lamden [ph]  Barclays Capital Keith Hughes  Sun Trust
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2010 first quarter conference call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and simultaneously webcast. If you not have not received the press release and supplemental information, they are available on Masco's website along with today's slide presentation under the Investor Relations section at www.masco.com. Before we begin management's presentation, the company wants to direct your attention to the current slide and the note at the end of the earnings release, which are cautionary reminders about statements that reflect the company's views about its future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures. After a brief discussion by management, the call will be open for analysts' questions. If we are unable to get to your question during this call, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations office at 313-792-5500. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Lauren and I thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's first quarter 2010 earnings call. I'm joined by Donny DeMarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and John Sznewajs, our CFO. And if you would please move to slide number three. We're very pleased that we had a positive sales comp in the first quarter of 2010. It's been a long run. It's been probably about three years since we've had a positive comp. And we're very, very happy with that and obviously our sales were up 3%. We started the quarter a little slow but as weather improved, March and then into April, business has picked up. Certainly, a tough environment for new home construction but again, certainly pleased to have a positive comp. We did lose $0.02 a share in the first quarter, that compares with $0.24 a share loss in the first quarter of 2009. We also issued $500 million of 10-year notes and retired $300 million of notes that were due in March. We also ended the quarter in a strong cash position with $1.4 billion of cash at March 31. If you would move to slide number four, we show our segment results here and again, we had some very good performance from a segment standpoint. Four of our five segments were up in sales and improved in terms of operating profit. The one exception to that was our installation business which as I think all of you know is pretty much 100% new home construction and that continued to be challenging. If you exclude the installation segment, our sales would have been up a pretty strong 7%. So we're very pleased with that. If you could move to slide number five, first quarter 2010 continued some of the positive trends that we experienced in 2009. Our gross profit was up 360 basis points to 26.6% and our sales to key retailers increased for the second quarter. They were up 2%. And as I mentioned earlier, January and February, you started a little slow for us from a companywide perspective. As the weather improved, March and April both showed high single digit sales increases. Obviously April's not closed yet but our best read right now is that we ought to be up high single digits. So we're pleased with that from an overall company standpoint and certainly pleased that we had a second straight quarter of positive comps in terms of sales to key retail customers. Our incremental margin was strong in the quarter. We were up in sales $55 million and up in operating profit $80 million and if you would please flip to slide number six. I mentioned EPS. A loss of $0.02 compared to a loss of $0.24 cents last year. We had $14 million of rationalization charges in the first quarter of 2010. That compares to $24 million last year. And we also in both quarters had an unusual relationship between pre-tax income and tax expense. The first quarter of 2010 included $9 million of tax expense that's related to adjustments of previously established accruals for uncertain tax positions. And in the first quarter of 2009, although we had a pretax loss of $61 million, we had $17 million of tax expense. Now that $17 million relates  correlates to about $0.05 of earnings per share, and the $9 million that we talked about for the first quarter of 2010 or that we incurred in the first quarter of 2010 represents about $0.03 a share. Excluding the $9 million, our full-year tax rate was to be approximately 40%. We did have a subsequent event that we announced in terms of the cabinet restructuring that may have some implications to the tax rate on a full-year basis but we'll communicate that as that develops. And I would remind folks that as we get back to more normal operating environment and performance that our ongoing tax rate for modeling purpose would be around 36%. If you move to slide number seven, I mentioned that our sales were up 3%. We did benefit from currency, foreign currency translation contributed about $36 million. We saw some nice improvement in terms of margin and I would point out that this slide and the slides that follow from an operating profit standpoint exclude rationalization charges. We have included the GAAP financial numbers for operating profit for the company and the various segments in the box at the lower right-hand corner of the slides going forward, but we thought for comparative purposes, it would be better to show operating profit without the restructuring charges and you can see here that we had a very nice increase in terms of margin from just over 1% to 5% on that basis. If you move to slide number eight, our North American operations were essentially flat in terms of sales. We have a little bit of benefit from currency. We also showed very nice margin improvement in North America. Both our operating profit dollars and our operating profit percent as a percent of sales almost doubled during the  in the comparative quarter. Our rationalization charges in the first quarter of 2010 were $12 million compared to $20 million last year for North America. If we move to slide number nine, our international operations, very strong quarter. We were up 16%, had a $28 million benefit in terms of currency translation but very importantly we were up 9% in local currencies. So a very strong quarter for our international-related businesses and also the third straight quarter that we've had double digit or better margins in terms of operating profit, so again, real nice performance, real nice contributions from our international operations. If you move to slide number 10 in terms of working capital, we continue to emphasize working capital management, we continue to perform well there. We did have a little bit of a blip up in inventory days from 50 to 53. We would consider that to be more of a temporary nature. That was offset in terms of payable days which were also up three days but again, a lot of good work continues to go on, managing our working capital. If we move to slide number 11, I want to talk a little bit about our segments and start with cabinets. Cabinet sales were relatively flat, excluding the benefit of currency. We did show some nice improvements in terms of operating profit performance. We had a loss of $19 million last year first quarter, this year $4 million and we benefited from cost reductions in this particular segment. Rationalization charges this year were $11 million compared to $9 million in the first quarter of 2009. If you move to slide number 12, now we did disclose in our press release a subsequent event and that relates to the  we announced the combination of our North American cabinet businesses, our retail cabinet group and our builder cabinet group a couple of months ago. Donny will take about that but we did in our press release include a subsequent event note that we will discontinue certain cabinet lines that includes ready-to-assemble cabinets as well as non-core in-stock assemble cabinets. Those products we estimate contributed about $200 million of sales in 2009 and because these are integrated into the various other products that we produce, we can estimate in terms of operating profit an approximate breakeven for these businesses and again, there's  they're integrated into the rest of the operating structure. So it's a little hard to get exact numbers but we estimate about our breakeven contribution from an operating standpoint in 2009. We will incur an additional $115 million of charges related to the discontinuance of these product lines. We estimate that about $90 million of that will be non-cash. And I would point out that this is incremental to what we have previously communicated. And if you remember back at the  for the fourth quarter conference call in February, we mentioned at that point in time on a full-year basis, we anticipated about $70 million of restructuring charges. If you move to slide number 13, our plumbing businesses had another strong quarter. We were up 14%. Plumbing benefited from favorable currency translation, about $27 million and we had another strong performance from an operating profit standpoint, went from 6.5% last year at this point to 12.8%, benefiting from cost reductions as well as improvement in price commodity relationships but more importantly in terms of increased volume. If you move to slide number 14, installation and other services. We mentioned earlier, continues to be a very, very tough environment. We tend to look at this business on a 90-day lag basis in terms of housing starts. On that basis, housing starts were down 20% compared to the first quarter of 2009, again, on a lag basis. Our sales were up 14% and our profitability pretty much reflects the decline in volume in this particular segment. This year we had $2 million of rationalization charges in the first quarter and last year we had $8 million. If you move to slide number 15, decorative architectural products, sales were up slightly for the quarter. We did have some nice improvement in terms of profitability, again, another strong performance here, benefiting from favorable product mix, as well as improved relationship between selling prices and commodities. If you flip to slide number 16, other specialty products, sales here were up 8%. We saw some increased volume in both North America as well as the United Kingdom in terms of windows and we've seen some improvements in volume related to fastening tools. Loss for the quarter was comparable to last year, as you can see. And rationalization charges were fairly minor in both quarters, $1 million this year versus zero last year. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Donny DeMarie, our Chief Operating Officer. And Donny's going to give us an update on some of the operational initiatives that we've shared with you in the past. Donny.
Donny DeMarie: Thank you, Tim. I thought I would open by reminding everyone that the Masco business system is our management framework to deliver consistent and reliable performance. On slide number 18, the Masco business system is built on excelling at five core capabilities, customer focus, a deep understanding of the need and wants of our customers, quality as measured as both a cost and as a level of customer satisfaction, innovation, which is what we view as our key differentiator, lean, a structure discipline to reduce waste and complexity in everything that we do and underpinning the system is our integrated approach to talent management and succession planning. Slide number 19. I would like to update you on our cabinet integration as well as how we are continuing to invest by pursuing new business opportunities such as WellHome, exploring new channels for Behr through the Home Depot and celebrating our brands and innovation at the recent Kitchen & Bath show in Chicago. Slide number 20. On our last quarter call, we announced the merger of our two cabinet platforms, the retail cabinet group and the builder cabinet group to form a new, single company, Masco Cabinetry. We have the number-one brand in retail KraftMaid and the number-one brand in Merillat with our kitchen at a time five-day delivery model. Our quality brand is positioned at value price point and provides our customers with tremendous value. Slide number 21, the combination of Masco cabinetry has a portfolio of leading brands, scale advantage to fund innovation and brand building and the ability to serve the unique needs of each channel. The combined organization will eliminate redundancy, improve productivity and aggressively target additional cost savings. Slide number 22. But make no mistake, this integration was about generating additional topline growth and our three brands address the top three consumer purchase drivers and key industry price points. This integration is on plan and the team had done a nice job of merging the two cultures and really creating an inspiring vision. Slide number 23. WellHome is our new comfort and home performance operating company. WellHome provides comprehensive home assessments and home improvement services for existing homes and is able to actually guarantee the energy reduction. Masco has advantage in this space by leveraging its environment for living program, where over 100,000 new homes have been built and guaranteed. To aid in its rollout, WellHome is leveraging the capabilities of Masco contractor services, the largest installation contractor in North America. Slide number 24. We have seven existing locations and we're adding five more in May of 2010 for a total of 12 locations. We project to have 25 locations by year-end. There are over 80 million existing homes built before moderate energy code and we hope to improve all of them. Although our services can be justified through reduced energy consumption and improved comfort, local state and utility company rebates can provide an incentive for consumers. With this in mind, the pending Home Star bill would create a significant opportunity for Masco and consumers while creating much-needed jobs in this tough economy. Slide number 25. This is a map of our current locations in blue and our future WellHome locations opening next month in green. Slide number 26. Behr is the leading do-it-yourself consumer brand and had committed to growing the pro-penetration with the Home Depot. Although the economic downturn has been tough on the pro market, we believe the pending economic recovery will provide us with an excellent opportunity. Slide 27. We launched our direct to pro initiative in 2009, offering professionals a one-stop shopping experience, tiered pricing and direct job site delivery. Slide number 28. We have connected with thousands of Pro painters and by year-end every U.S. Home Depot will offer Behr Pro services. Our Premium Plus Ultra line both interior and exterior paints, which feature our paint and primer in one has resonated with the pro as it has already been recognized by the consumer for saving time, reducing labor and ultimately saving money. Slide 29. Our Masco team displays new product, innovation and celebrated our leading brand at the recent Kitchen & Bath Show in Chicago where attendance was up significantly from last year. Slide 30. Delta was the hit of the show. Architects, consumers and design professionals were lined up to try our new Touch2O faucet and new line of faucet featuring our proximity sensing technology. With proximity, there is no infrared sensor required. It uses your body's own electromagnetic field to turn the faucet on when you are within three to six inches of the faucet. Slide 31. Brizo, our North American premium plumbing line introduced new styles and designs as well as a new merchandising campaign to capture the essence of its brand. Slide number 32. Hansgrohe, which is our leading international faucet company, was also on display and they featured their new PuraVida line. Slide 33. In Masco Cabinetry and its own coming out party, displaying our new three-brand strategy as well as great new innovative product such as virtual design center, our core card sink bath and our new approach to corner cabinets. We left the show confident and energized. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Donny. If you please move to slide number 34. In terms of the  our view of the macroeconomic environment, that hasn't changed since we were together back in February. We continue to believe that in North America housing starts will be in a range of 6 to 700,000 units. We continue to believe that repair/remodel activity in North America will show modest improvement. And we also continue to believe that European economies will show modest improvement. When we were together back in February, we talked a little bit about our view of price and commodity-related impacts on our business. And if we go back a little bit, I think all of us remember that we experienced a fair amount of commodity-related pressure in 2008. That continued through the first quarter of 2009. And starting the second quarter of 2009, continuing through the first quarter of this year, we've been experiencing improvements in the relationship between price commodity. Last year, 2009, our decremental margin was 14%, which compares to our contribution margin of 30%. And in addition to the price commodity benefit we also had some very strong impacts from cost reductions. Back in February, we mentioned that heading into 2010 that we estimated that we had headwinds of $80 to $100 million related to price commodity relationships, principally related to metals, impacting plumbing, builders hardware, as well as petroleum derivatives for paint and windows. Obviously the environment had been pretty fluid, recently wood fuel costs have moved up a little bit, as well. We continue to work very hard to offset the impact of price and commodities, working with our suppliers, working with customers on price and on productivity to offset not just commodities but other inflationary impacts that our business and all other businesses are experiencing, healthcare for example, wages, et cetera. Having said that, we currently estimate that price commodity relationships represent a headwind and again, this is our estimate of about $60 to $70 million in 2010. Again, we're confident that we'll be able to address those one way or another and offset them. I think we've demonstrated that in the past. As we've mentioned a couple of times, there can be a lag here or there in terms of impact. But we do feel very comfortable that we'll be able to work our way through that headwind throughout the rest of the year. And with that, Lauren, we'll open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Wadhams. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ivy Zelman with Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: Good morning. Gentlemen, it was a great quarter in terms of improvement with the exception of the installation services. And I know it's probably one where you're frustrated. Can you help us understand with the loss being sequentially greater, knowing that starts obviously were weak sequentially where the long-term, I guess, goal is of getting back to breakeven? And then just on a very positive note, you mentioned, Tim that sales in April were up in the high single digits. Is that across segments? Can you give us a little breakdown between segments especially within paint because in North America maybe weather is part why sales weren't as strong and maybe you've seen a rebound there? So thanks and congratulations on the quarter.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Ivy. Yeah, I'll take on the second part of the question in terms of April. Obviously, we haven't closed the month yet. But generally speaking, sales were pretty good across the board. The one exception would continue to be the installation-related business. But other than that we had some pretty good improvements in just about every segment. And with that, I'll ask Donny to address your question on the installation business.
Donny DeMarie: Yeah. Good morning, Ivy. As we look at installation, obviously we have the 90-day lag, so we knew coming into the first quarter its going to be pretty challenge based upon the housing starts that we would have available to work on. And we also had that impact compounded with weather. So we're really seeing almost kind of the perfect storm here. We had bad weather. We had low starts to begin with. There's been pricing pressure in this segment, probably greater than any of our other segments. And I'm not sure year-over-year but we still see the builder's de-contenting on the home sizes, would appear to us from a mixed basis to be smaller, so a lot of negatives in this segment. Now we would expect some of that to reverse on the way back out but it's going to be some pretty tough sledding. You know, with that in mind, we did reduce in the first quarter of 2010 approximately 300 people from this segment. We also have continued to reduce our headcounts in April. And so we're taking pretty aggressive whacks at trying to reduce our costs. But it's going to be challenging for us. We've said earlier that we see our breakeven point between 750 and 800,000 housing starts. That hasn't changed much because although weve continue to adjust our cost position, margins have been impacted by some lower selling prices. So, we're still in that neighborhood and we're going to continue to get after it. But we feel it's important strategically to maintain our footprint to be able to perform on the way back up.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: Great. Thanks, guys.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Rehaut  JP Morgan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Timothy Wadhams: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Rehaut  JP Morgan: A couple questions on the cabinet actions. First, I was wondering and maybe I didn't hear this. But did you review any expected savings from the different actions of combining the companies or divisions and taking out some of the manufacturing capacity?
Timothy Wadhams: No. We didn't give an update on that at this point, Mike. But there's no question there will be some fixed cost reduction. Basically as we work our way through that. Now, there's an outside chance and we will try all that business if we can. We'd like to be able to make that happen if that's possible, obviously for the employees. If it's not, we're probably looking at a couple of plant closures and my guess is therell be some pretty significant savings from a fixed cost standpoint, but at this point, don't have an estimate for you.
Michael Rehaut  JP Morgan: Okay. And I appreciate that that was my other questions, if you did consider selling it. But and I apologize, I did get off the call earlier. But just a question on the thought process, looking on slide 20 and talking about, the rational for combining. Earlier when you kind of created these two divisions, I believe, I recall the rational was more that, there were different end markets, different customer segments and different go-to-market strategies. So, what's changed and do you think that in combining some of the core functions you change, actually have, given that there are still different end markets and different customer sets, how do you manage that?
Donny DeMarie: Yeah. Mike, I'll take that. Really as we looked at RTA and in-stock assembled, we really felt it was not core to our long-term strategy. It was an unbranded category with very little differentiation. And really it was a distraction which was pulling attention and assets from our value price products i.e. our branded products with KraftMaid and Merillat and Quality. And as our team looked at really Kraft being a strategy both for the retail dealer and new construction segmentation, that we felt, that we were really creating a strategy where we were advantaged to win. It was really around our three strong brands. And that this in-stock, unbranded or store-branded category was just not contributing anything from a profitability point of view. So tough action to take but the reality is we needed to have our focus where we were really felt we had an advantage to win. And so really, it's not any different than when we put this group together. These were actions that are consistent with  they've begun to formulate their strategy on a going forward basis. You know, they just believe these were a distraction more than a value to them going forward.
Michael Rehaut  JP Morgan: Okay. And one last question if I could. The plumbing products margins continued to be very strong. How do you see that going forward in terms of, incremental leverage to sales? Is that something where you view it as a 30% incremental margin? I think as you view the entire business or, are there company or I'm sorry, unit specific or division-specific differences either or raw material cost challenges, I mean, what could we expect there over the next year or two?
Timothy Wadhams: Mike, I would suggest to you that from an incremental standpoint, I think we can do a little bit north of 30% and one of the reasons for that is we've come out with a lot of innovative new products and some of those are at some very attractive price points. They are a really great value for consumers and I think as we continue to drive innovation; Delta is doing a great job in that segment. Hansgrohe continues to perform very well. We're doing things with the Delta brand on shower enclosures. So our feeling would be that as we continue to gain share, continue to introduce new products that I would hope that we would be able to convert at a little bit north of that 30% level.
Michael Rehaut  JP Morgan: Then that's above the corporate average you're saying?
Timothy Wadhams: Yeah. That would be a little bit above the corporate average, yes.
Michael Rehaut  JP Morgan: Thank you.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay. Thank you, Mike.
Donny DeMarie: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Budd Bugatch with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: Good morning, Tim. Good morning, Donny.
Timothy Wadhams: Good morning, Budd.
Donny DeMarie: Good morning, Budd.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: Couple of questions. One on the $55 million worth of carryover savings, how much did you, say, to realize in the first quarter and what's lasted for the year?
Timothy Wadhams: That would depend, Budd, again, what we're talking about here is the savings from restructuring-related actions and expenses that we incurred in prior years. The impact on 2010, we estimate it at $50 million to $60 million. And our estimate in the first quarter would have been that that would be $20 million to $25 million and a big piece of that, Budd, would have been in cabinets. And then we would have had some improvement in installation and plumbing and a little bit in the other two segments as well but most of it would have been in cabinets.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: Okay. And you talked about the price commodity relationship now being $60 million to $70 million. Is that the balance of 2010 or how much
Timothy Wadhams: That would be the rest of the year, Budd.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: Thats the rest of the year.
Timothy Wadhams: Right.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: It is 70. Okay. A couple of other quick questions that occurred, on the RTA, you were justifying, I think, Donny was justifying the exit of RTA based upon the distraction factor, not on the economics of the savings factor but just on the effectiveness of the rest of the group. Is that what I understand?
Donny DeMarie: Yeah, Budd. As we looked at it and looked at where we thought we could win and where we had advantage position to win in the marketplace we really saw that on a value product.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: Is that only on the domestic RTA side and not the international
Donny DeMarie: Yes. As you know, that's a product that has been declining over the course of the last several years.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: But the $200 million kind of surprised me. I thought  do I remember that at the peak that was like $700 million to $800 million
Donny DeMarie: Yeah. I believe if you went back several years, you would have been looking at a number like that. But that predates, I think all of us.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: Well, that predate us.
Donny DeMarie: I mean in terms of our current responsibilities.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: Yes, sir. But that was the Mills product segment, right?
Donny DeMarie: Yeah, Mills probably would have been the RTA piece of that, yes.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: Okay. Just one other quick one on  on plumbing. Terrific job. $5million of incremental operating margin sequentially despite an $8 million sequential decline in the face of some inflation in the segment, so kind of help us through what was driving that. Is that all savings and restructuring-related stuff or is it mix? Can you kind of segment some of that for us?
Donny DeMarie: No. I think there's certainly some cost savings in there. We're a lot more efficient and effective in  in a lot of our operating businesses. But again, I think it gets back to a lot of new products that we've introduced recently. When you look at Hansgrohe and the job they're doing with product introductions and some of the project work they've been able to win, they're just doing a phenomenal job. Delta we talked about, Donny talked about the Touch20, some of the Brizo products. Its really about the brand strengthening that we've done. We've invested in promotion as you know but really I think it's more about the innovation.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: But I think normalized, it looks like the characteristic margin just challenged about 60% of that segment for the quarter.
Donny DeMarie: No. I think you're looking at the incremental margin. Yeah, it was very strong in the quarter but again we had little bit of benefit in terms of price commodity as well in that segment.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: And that's going to go against us in the next three quarters?
Donny DeMarie: Well, there is a headwind for the next three quarters. And you know, we are working very hard to address that.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: Any  any comment as to how you're addressing it? Was it with pricing or with ?
Donny DeMarie: We kind of bucket that in three different places. We work with our suppliers, we mentioned I think a while back that we did add a supply chain executive to our team, just about four, five months ago. So we're getting after the supply chain, we're also certainly working with customers on price and working on productivity. So I would - and I feel really good about the progress we're making in all those areas.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: Okay. Thank you very much.
Donny DeMarie: Thank you, Budd.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Pollard with Goldman Sachs.
Joshua Pollard  Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning. Thanks.
Donny DeMarie: Hey, Josh.
Joshua Pollard  Goldman Sachs: Can you talk just for a moment about WellHome and importantly, can you talk about, sort of, what percent of home inspections are turning it to installation work. What percent of that installation work is going to empty as versus competitors and give us a sense of what the growth platform is for that business. I was a little surprised to see California not on your immediate plans.
Donny DeMarie: Yeah, Josh. I'll take that. We we have not given out conversion rates and with the two beta sites and the five new locations which really just started in March, I think it would be really too early to start talking about conversion rates. I will tell you that the majority of the people who have an assessment do ultimately, you know, convert to work. And I think it's too early to tell what type of trend we'll have. Hopefully, we'll get the additional locations that we're launching next month into the pipe here. We'll get a little better data that we'll feel comfortable sharing. So we feel really confident with that. California was not on the list initially. Most of the locations we went to were evaluated on a whole bunch of criteria but number-one criteria was age of housing stock. And then number two was the availability of local and state and utility company rebates. So as we looked at those criteria, we really developed a list of markets to attack in a sequential order and the California markets, you know, will be attacked, but just not in the first half.
Joshua Pollard  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. And then the follow-up as a two parter. Within installation, housing starts in the first quarter, up 17%, all in up 46% on a single family basis. Are you seeing that as you guys look out into  into the second quarter? And then on cabinets, I think someone asked the question earlier, what was the ultimate cost saving on your subsequent event actions. But I think one of the other ways to look at it is, what were the losses on that $200 million at sales that you guys are looking to shed? Thank you.
Timothy Wadhams: I'll take that last part and Donny can take the first part. But what we mentioned, Josh, on the $200 million is that our estimate is that we were around breakeven. So, you know, again, don't have any more definitive data than that. You know, from a product line standpoint. We'll peel that back in terms of cost savings as we work our way through that. But as I mentioned maybe  maybe didn't hear the question with Budd or one of the previous questions, maybe it was with Mike. Our hope would be that we can sell that business if there's an opportunity. We certainly will want to entertain that. If not, we will be looking at the closure of a couple of facilities and my sense is that there will be some, obviously some fixed cost savings there but again to give you perspective, our estimate is that is at about breakeven in 2009.
Joshua Pollard  Goldman Sachs: Yeah. And on the housing start question, Josh, you know, we're  our second quarter is really the housing starts on the first quarter of 2010 which will just show a modest improvement over the fourth quarter of 2009. So the bigger increase for us is really projected to occur in the third and fourth quarter in that segment. I will tell you that what we're seeing is spotty. The south and the mid-Atlantic tends to  are tending to be stronger than what we're seeing in the Midwest and west. There are some oil-producing states which have tended to have some pretty good activity in Oklahoma and Texas. And we're seeing some signs of life in Arizona and southern California. So starting to  to see things get into the pipeline, starting to see things come back, but very, very spotty at this point and very modest. You know, hopefully at the end of the second quarter, we can give you a little bit better update on what we're seeing, but we're not expecting any type of significant lift for another quarter or two.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Lisnic with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Lisnic  Robert W. Baird: Good morning, everyone.
Timothy Wadhams: Good morning, Pete.
Donny DeMarie: Good morning, Pete.
Peter Lisnic  Robert W. Baird: I guess, I may have missed that, Tim. But if you could maybe just run through what the pricing dynamics look like among the businesses from a competitive standpoint more than from a commodity cost basis.
Timothy Wadhams: Sure. Well, pricing is very competitive, always is very competitive. I would say right now pretty acute in terms of the installation business as well as the window business in North America. Pricing is, you know, very competitive in those two areas. Cabinets, we're probably seeing both price and promotional activities and on the plumbing side, obviously we've  we've come out with some new products there which give us an opportunity to price our products, you know, competitively but certainly give us some opportunity with some of the new features. Again, those have been well received, the Touch20, for example but pricing is always competitive in that segment both here and internationally. And I would say as you work your way through the decorative architectural segment, I'm not aware that price, I dont know, Donny, if you've any have perspective there in terms of price.
Donny DeMarie: We've got significant pricing pressure there with our acrylic resins, really going up.
Timothy Wadhams: He was more concerned on the competitive side as opposed to the commodities.
Donny DeMarie: Yeah, I think on the competitive side it's nothing unusual
Timothy Wadhams: About the same, yeah.
Peter Lisnic  Robert W. Baird: Okay.
Timothy Wadhams: Probably, Pete, the two areas for us that are the most acute would be installation and windows.
Peter Lisnic  Robert W. Baird: Quick follow-up on that. Are you effectively then having to walk away from any businesses in either of those two segments and then as you look forward, I think one of the things that you try to do is maybe go after some of the broader price value spectrum, if you will. Can you, may be, talk about success on that front or is that where maybe on the lower, mid-end, is that where you're seeing more of this competitive price pressure?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, there certainly has been a move to value products in terms of pricing. We've seen that in  and have talked about that from a mix perspective. That's affected us in cabinets and windows for sure. So in addition to price pressure or competitive price environment, you know, the mix has shifted to a certain degree. Donny also talked a little bit on the install side, smaller homes, less square feet, you're seeing less cabinets. For example, if a home  more of a hypothetical, but certainly directional. If a home had 21 or 22 boxes in it from a cabinet standpoint, you know, we're seeing that decrease to maybe 17, 18. So are you see something downsizing, as well.
Peter Lisnic  Robert W. Baird: Okay. That is very helpful. Thank you very much.
Timothy Wadhams: Thanks, Pete.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Goldberg with UBS. Please go ahead.
David Goldberg  UBS: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Timothy Wadhams: Good morning, David.
David Goldberg  UBS: First question, I kind, I wanted to jump back on WellHome a little bit and maybe ask the question a little bit differently. What I'm trying to figure out is for the new branches that you guys are opening, how much traffic or how many clients do you think you need to pull in kind of on a per branch basis to cover the cost of expanding the business and just trying to get an idea of incrementally how that business builds up a bit?
Donny DeMarie: Yeah, Dave, again, hopefully we can give you a little more color as we move forward. We have budgeted conversion rates. We have budgeted takes, we have modeled builds but I think it's too early to comment on that until we get a little bit more experience. We've only had the two locations that have  have their opening months and two additional months that really base that out and then the five we just added. So, I think it's just too early to get into a lot of detail here.
David Goldberg  UBS: Okay. Fair enough. Just a follow-up question, last couple of quarters you guys have given some free cash flow information in the appendix. I noticed it wasn't in the appendix this time around. Is there any change, kind of, in the free cash flow estimates as you look at 2010?
Timothy Wadhams: No. I think the information is in the appendix that we provided last time, David or it certainly is supposed to be. And there really  I think the only change is probably to interest, Don?
Donny DeMarie: Only change is really interest expense given the $500 million that we issued in March of this year. So interest expense probably up, I think $25 million to $30 million from the last number that we gave you in February.
David Goldberg  UBS: Okay. Great.
Timothy Wadhams: Yeah, we did  I'm looking at it right now, David. General had not changed but there is  slide number 38 has that information. And to John's point, I think the only change would be in the interest expense. But I would remind you on the rationalization charges, this slide is not updated for the subsequent event information that we shared with you earlier.
David Goldberg  UBS: Got it. Thanks.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Good morning, everyone.
Timothy Wadhams: Good morning, David.
Donny DeMarie: Good morning.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: On the cabinet business  and I may have missed this earlier and I'm speaking with respect to the combination of retail and builder as opposed to the exit from the RTA business. But you had originally provided some savings guidance of about $30 million, $10million of which I think you were expecting in 2010. Have you updated that number?
Timothy Wadhams: No. That number would still be applicable and again, that's before the discontinuance of the product lines.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Right.
Timothy Wadhams: But that number's still  that was basically us, $40 million of charges and $30 million of savings with 10 of that in the latter part of this year.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Okay. And then I guess with respect to the product offering, I know we've talked about this before. But is there any progress in terms of developing an opening price point presence on the retail side? You bring the quality brand as part of this three-brand positioning strategy over to retail and try and pick up some share there?
Donny DeMarie: Yes. The group has  is working through that with our retail customers and certainly one of the main drivers for combining the organization is we felt both the quality and the Merillat brands had a place at retail. Both Merillat and the ability to, you know, quick ship I would call it, but to have a five to seven-day delivery off a special order and the quality brand from being able to address those opening price points. So that is a right in the bull's eye of what the group's working on and they're working with our retail partners now to talk about the right assortment of products in the various channels.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks. And just quick question on the plumbing side, can you just talk about the channel mix home centers versus independence and plumbing supply houses. Thank you.
Timothy Wadhams: No real change in terms of distribution, Donny, that I'm aware of. I think we obviously go through all those channels.
Donny DeMarie: Right.
Timothy Wadhams: All those customers, but I don't know of any change.
Donny DeMarie: No. No. It's pretty much the same.
Timothy Wadhams: Yeah.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: So Channel shares are fairly stable there?
Timothy Wadhams: Yeah.
Donny DeMarie: Yeah.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you.
Donny DeMarie: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen East with Ticonderoga Securities. Please go ahead.
Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities: Good morning, guys.
Timothy Wadhams: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities: If we look at installation really quickly, Donny, down  sales down 14%, could you split that out between volume and price. And then whether you expect the dynamic between those two to change as you go through the year?
Timothy Wadhams: Steve, price has been an issue there. There's no question. I think if you look at the fact that starts are down 20% on a lag basis, we're only down 14%. So that would suggest to you that we're doing a pretty good job on share and we continue to believe although it is a little bit difficult in the environment that we're in that we're gaining some share. And we have particularly focused on installation  installation. But pricing has been a negative issue, wouldn't necessarily want to try to quantify that at this point.
Donny DeMarie: And we haven't seen that change, Steve. It's been tough and continues to be tough.
Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities: And then just a cluster of questions around the home centers and Home Depot. On the home centers in general, one, are you seeing them rebuild inventories and then on the Home Depot side related to paint, are you seeing a shelf space change with the Martha Stewart brand being rolled out? And then are you seeing contractor business pick up yet in that channel?
Timothy Wadhams: In terms of inventory build at the home centers, as we've mentioned in the past, that doesn't necessarily impact us that much. You know, cabinets are shipped direct to the end consumer. We've got 99% plus fill rates with paint and we manage that category, you know, in terms of our sales force with the Home Depot associates. So we're very actively involved in that but generally speaking, you know, if a home center reduces or increases inventory levels, the implications to us aren't what they are with  with other folks. We may have a little bit of impact quarter to quarter, but generally speaking it's not  doesn't move the needle much. In terms of the paint display with Martha Stewart there, we have not lost any shelf space, obviously, the color center is very predominant part of the paint offering. And so no, I don't think there's any significant change to us, Donny, that I'm aware of.
Donny DeMarie: No. There's been no impact on our shelf space or share at this point, and we think anything that drives traffic for Home Depot into the paint aisle is a good thing for Behr and we'll do a nice job of converting those into sales for Behr. So we think that's good. On the pro side down, we have continued to gain traction with the pro business. So we continue to see those sales increase at a very nice rate and so we continue to add outside sales reps and continue to pursue it very aggressively.
Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities: And the actual contractor business itself pick up or just market share gain for you all?
Timothy Wadhams: I think it's a little bit of both. As we look at it, you know, there does appear to be more going on. I think as weather improved, you start seeing a lift in the exterior business as well as the interior business. And so there  there appears to be both. We definitely have gained share because we didn't have any in this segment a little over a year and a half ago but and every week we seem to do a little better than the week before. So everything's going well there.
Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities: Okay. If I could sneak in just one last question on your cabinet business, you've had a lot of restructurings there. That seems to be the most problematic as you've gone through this downturn. Do you think you're done there and, if so, you know, sort of what gives you the confidence that you are?
Timothy Wadhams: Stephen, I would say  and we've been really consistent with this from our investor conference last year that I know you attended, but we have said all along that we were going to continue to attack this segment until we felt we had the right product offerings, the right branded strategy and the right supply chain to serve it efficiently. And I would say that, that we're certainly  we have done a nice job so far. We believe there's more we can do and we're going to aggressively attack it from a cost point of view to continue to drive costs out so that we can compete successfully in the future as we have in the past.
Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities: Yeah, thanks.
Timothy Wadhams: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Megan McGrath with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Matt Lamden  Barclays Capital: Hey, it's actually Matt Lamden [ph] on for Megan. Good morning.
Timothy Wadhams: Hey, Matt.
Matt Lamden  Barclays Capital: I was hoping we could dig a little deeper into the international business which is clearly a big driver of top line growth this quarter. Could you walk us through various opportunities you're seeing there and whether or not you see this sort of growth rate at least in a 9% and local currency being sustainable in future quarters.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, wouldn't necessarily want to predict growth rates going forward. Obviously, the economies in Europe are still fairly challenged but we're really pleased pretty much across the board. We saw some  some nice improvements in plumbing, both in Hansgrohe as well as Bristan located in the United Kingdom. Our plumbing business continues to do well. Our window business continues to take share. They've done a nice job and again, that's a United Kingdom-based business. So it's really, we've been successful pretty much across the board. You know, Hansgrohe has done a nice job as we said in the past with global expansion moving into additional countries. And also pursuing project work in the Middle East and the Far East and they've been successful there. So any of those new product developments that have helped. So pretty much across the board, we've seen improvement. A lot of that has been driven by efficiencies in productivity. We have some restructuring charges in Europe that were fairly significant I think in the fourth quarter of 2008 and about mid-year last year, we started to see a lot of the benefit from some of those cost-out actions. So we've got some good leadership in Europe. Both at the group level, the business unit level, and, you know, wouldn't necessarily say there's anything overly unique or remarkable, if you will and a lot of singles and doubles and a lot of blocking and tackling going on.
Donny DeMarie: The only thing I would add is that we are seeing the economies outside of central Europe beginning to recover. And they have recovered a little bit faster than we have or have begun to recover here in the states. So we're seeing that project business come back. We're seeing our sales into some of the emerging markets have really come back nicely as well as the project work.
Matt Lamden  Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. And then just getting back to paint a little bit. You mentioned that the strong operating margins in that segment were driven by favorable product mix of paints and stains. I'm assuming that's mainly the new product introduction such as Behr Premium Pros Ultra, Behr Direct Pro Business and I was wondering what percentage of sales in that segment are coming from Behr Pro, what kind of margins you are getting specifically with that business and if you have a target in mind in terms of Propanes proportional shares sales going forward?
Timothy Wadhams: We don't break that, that information, Matt.
Matt Lamden  Barclays Capital: Okay.
Timothy Wadhams: In terms of parceling it that way. But as Donny mentioned earlier, we've got some really good traction on the pro side and that business continues to grow on a weekly basis, monthly basis. And we've got a lot of focus on it at this point in time. So we think we can continue to gain share there but wouldn't want to necessarily comment on where we see margins vis-a-vis the rest of the segment.
Matt Lamden  Barclays Capital: Thought, I'd give it a shot. Thanks a lot.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay. Lauren, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our final question comes from Keith Hughes with Sun Trust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes  Sun Trust: Yeah. Just make this real quick. The $60 million, $70 million commodity headwinds for the rest of the year, if we put in what happened in the first quarter, will that get us back to $80 million to $100 million for the full year 2010?
Timothy Wadhams: Yeah. I would say, Keith, if anything if we rolled the tape back, you know, with lumber, wood up a little bit, with fuel up a little bit, that $80 million to $100 million was probably more 120ish, 110, 120ish kind of number. I think you also have to consider acrylics, really of just skyrocketed honestly related to paint, and copper continues to go up, too. I would say if we were going to give that number that we gave in the first quarter again today it would probably be up significantly.
Keith Hughes  Sun Trust: And the inflation for the rest of the year, are you taking prices where they are right now and making assumption or inflation or deflation from here?
Timothy Wadhams: We're assuming that  it's different. It's different by commodity, Keith. I would tell you that we're trying to look at each commodity, you know, it's hard to predict the metals market. But we think they probably still have a little bit to run left in them. Acrylic, given the shortages and the reduction in capacity, we think that that situation is going to continue to get worse. As a matter of fact, you know, there are discussions about allocation. We're not on allocation and we've been given our scale and our ability to work with our vendors and we'll be able to get our engineered resins. We've got to be careful here that we also are working with them to offset some of their cost pressures. And on the lumber side, you know, I think  lumber's had a nice run here. There clearly is some more to go on the lumber side. So I would say overall each of these are  we have commodity teams which are really focused on each of these areas of our business. But I would say overall that we're expecting things to run up a little bit. And we've included that in our guidance that we've given today.
Keith Hughes  Sun Trust: All right. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session today. At this time, Mr. Wadhams, I'll turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks, sir.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay. Thank you very much, Lauren and thank you all of you again for joining us today. And special thanks to the worldwide Masco team. We're off to a good start in 2010 and we're pleased with our first quarter results. Our comparative quarterly sales were up for the first time in almost three years and we continue to achieve improvements in profitability. The discipline of the Masco business system continues to drive improved execution across Masco as we implement lean principles and quality initiatives in all aspects of our business. Our focus on our customers, innovation and talent were on display at the recent Kitchen & Bath show in Chicago. The display of many of our leadership brand and the energy and passion of our team impressed our customers and was a source of pride for our employees and shareholders. It's great to be part of a winning team. Masco was the buzz of the show. We ended 2009 on a high note, generated solid results in the first quarter and entered the second quarter of 2010 with momentum with both March and April sales up high single digits. We continually expect business conditions in 2010 to be modestly improved over 2009. Longer term, we continue to believe that the fundamentals for our markets are positive and we're very excited about Masco's future opportunities. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wadhams - President & Chief Executive Officer Donny DeMarie - Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer John Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer Richard Manoogian - Chairman
Analysts: Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird Budd Bugatch - Raymond James Mike Dolan - Credit Suisse Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Megan McGrath - Barclays Capital Ken Zener - Macquarie Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates David Goldberg - UBS
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2009 third quarter conference call. As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded and simultaneously webcast. If you have not received a press release and the supplemental information, they are available on Mascos website, along with todays slide presentation under the Investor Relations section at www.masco.com. Before we begin managements presentation, the company wants to direct your attention to the current slide and the note at the end of the earnings release, which are cautionary reminders about statements that reflect the companys views about its future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures.  After a brief discussion by management, the call will be open for analysts questions. If we are unable to get to your question during this call, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations office at 313-792-5500. I would now like to turn the call over to Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Mandy and thank all of you for joining us today for Mascos third quarter 2009 earnings call. Joining me today are Donny DeMarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and John Sznewajs, our Chief Financial Officer; and Richard Manoogian, our Chairman. If you would please move to slide number three, third quarter was another difficult quarter for Masco with sales off 17%, but having said that both our top line and our earnings came in somewhat better than we anticipated when we talked back in late July. Sales were impacted by volume declines in new home construction and home improvement markets both in North America and internationally. We also have the negative impact of currency translation, which represented about 1.5% of the 17% sales decline or $38 million. Income from continuing operations was $0.14 per common share, compared with $0.09 in the third quarter of last year and well talk more about EPS in just a second. We did have a nice improvement in growth margins in the quarter. They were up 140 basis points to 27.2% and thats pretty good performance. We think the sales off over $400 million, thats a second straight quarter that weve had gross margins in the 27% or better category and we have to go all way back to the third quarter of 2007. In terms of gross margins at that level, and again that reflects some of the work were doing from a cost stand point as well the improvement in the relation and price, and commodities. Working capital continued to improve in the quarter. We improved 30 basis points in terms of receivables inventory plus payables compared to last 12 months sales and we ended the quarter in a very strong cash position with $1.2 billion in cash at September 30, 2009. If you flip to slide number four, I mentioned EPS as reported $0.14 to this quarter, compared with $0.09 last year. I would point out that we did have rationalization charges in the quarter of $21 million this year, $15 million last year, thats $0.04 and $0.03 respectively. We also have a less than normal tax rate in this quarter as well as last year. If we were to apply a 30% tax rate to both quarters, our earnings would have been $0.12, approximately $0.12 this year, compared to $0.21 last year. Last year we had an inflated tax rate for the full year of approximately 60% and that reflected the repatriation of earnings from foreign businesses. John mentioned and I mentioned 30%. I meant to mention 36% in terms of the normalized tax rate if I misspoke there. If you flip to slide number five, I mentioned that sales were down 17%, $417 million and one point I would make is that our sales to key retailers were off only 4% in this quarter, that compares with 7% last quarter and in previous quarters you probably remember we had double digit declines in sales to key retail customers. So again, we saw a little bit of improvement there, but again the comp is a little bit easier. Profits were down from 7.7% to 6.6% in terms of return on sales, thats a decline of $56 million in absolute dollars. Our detrimental margin in the quarter was 13%. The decline an operating profits reflect the lower sales volume that I mentioned earlier in the related under absorption of fixed cost and again we partially were able to offset that with the improvement in the relationship between pricing commodity as well as benefits associated with some of the cost reduction actions that weve taken. I would point out in the decremental margin event we seen improvement every quarter this year. Last year our decremental margin on sales decline of $1.9 billion was approximately 34% in the first quarter of this year that was 27% on our sales decline in the second quarter was 17% and this quarter down to 13%, as I mentioned, for a year-to-date number of 20%. Again, were pleased with that and pleased with our ability to offset some of the volume decline. You flip to slide number six, this shows our North American operations. They were down 17% in the quarter, $345 million in terms of sales, profit was down $70 million and our margins went from 9.8% to 7.5%. If you flip to slide number seven, our international operations and here up obviously a very positive output their impact in terms of the quarter. Sales were down 13% or $72 million and about 7% of that relates to decline in local currencies and even with that sales decline, our return on sales improved from 7.8% to 12.5%. So we had a really good performance by our international operations. A lot of that relates to some of the cost reduction activities that have been undertaken over the course of the last several quarters. You might remember late last year in the fourth quarter, I think about $40 million of rationalization related charges and a fair amount of those related to our European operation. Our major faucet operation in Europe Hansgrohe, continue to have a very excellent performance in difficult environment and had a very good quarter. I also want to point out that we did dispose of one small international business in our Plumbing segment. We received fairly modest proceeds of approximately $2 million US. This business was in a loss position it had lost from an operating profit standpoint about $4 million in each of the first and second quarters of this year. We did move this business from continuing operations to discontinued operations and that a positive impact on earnings per share from continuing operations. As a result, we have restated the first and second quarter of this year and obviously have restated prior period quarters to reflect this disposition, which is now part of discontinued ops and that did add $0.02 to the first half earnings. Theres the schedule in the analyst package everything information that we sent you earlier that gives you a reconciliation and really kind of restates the first and second quarter and hopefully that will be helpful in terms of some of your modeling. If you flip to slide number eight, shows our working capital and again, a very strong performance in the quarter and Id like to take a minute to just really compliment that the management team across the company for continuing to do a great job from a working capital management standpoint. Weve continued to be at 50 days in receivables. We improved our inventory days by two and improved our accounts payable days by eight so, that improvement of 10 days and again I think indicative of a lot of the good work thats going on you across our business units. If you flip to slide number nine, Id like to make a couple quick comments about our operating segments. Well start with cabinets, sales in cabinets were down 26% or $150 million and we went from a little bit of a profit last year to a modest loss this year, profits down $39 million. Our detrimental margin was 26%, which is pretty comparable to where we were in the second quarter. I would point out last year; I think our detrimental margin in the cabinet segment was pretty close to 50% so weve seen a lot of improvement over the last several quarters. Sales were impacted by volume declines in new home construction and home improvement markets and we did have a negative foreign currency translation impact of $9 million in this particular segment. If you flip to slide number 10, plumbing related products, sales were down 13% or $100 million in this segment and that reflects about $22 million impact from currency translation, but we did have an outstanding performance here from operating profit standpoint. As you can see, we were up slightly $1 million year-over-year, but importantly our margin improved from 11.7% to 13.5% and obviously, very, very pleased with the performance in this particular segment almost all of our business units pretty much across the board showed a quarter-to-quarter improvement, compared to the third quarter of last year. Again, Hansgrohe contributed very strongly as did some of our European plumbing related businesses and these margins I think, are the highest weve had in the plumbing sector from a quarterly perspective in some time, so again, a very, very solid performance in terms of forming. If you flip to slide number 11, Installation and Other Services, sales in this segment were down 33%, about $160 million, but I would point out that and remind investors that this business is pretty much 100% new home construction. We do operate on about a one quarter lag related to housing starts and if you look at the housing starts from the fourth quarter of last year through the third quarter of this year, I think theyre down about 47, 46%. So we continue to believe that, were gaining some share, particularly from an installation standpoint. Profits were down $44 million in the quarter. Thats a detrimental margin of about 28%, but we did have an increase in terms of implementation related costs for our ERP system of about $6 million in the quarter and without that the detrimental margin would have been closer to 24%, which is pretty consistent with what weve been experiencing over the last couple of quarters. If you flip to slide 12, Decorative Architectural Products, this segment was up 6% in terms of sales and we benefited from the increased sales of paints and stains which were very positive in the quarter. We did have lower sales at retail of builders hardware. Sales of paints and stains benefited from new product introductions as well as advertising, and promotional related activities. We also had a very nice increase in terms of operating margin in the quarter, improving from 21.1% last year to 25.7% this year. Again, as I did last quarter, Id like to remind investors that, basically this segment is essentially just getting back to historical performance in terms of margin. This year on a year-to-date basis for 2009, the segments ahead about 23%. That compares to 19.9% for the nine month year-to-date numbers last year, but its pretty comparable to where we were in 2007 and 2006 at the end of nine months at 22.7 and 22.3% respectively. So, again, a very outstanding performance, but performance that really is getting us closer to where we historically have been in this particular segment and again, very pleased with the outcome. If you flip to slide number 13, Other Specialty Products, these segment sales were down 17% or $35 million, and that reflects lower sales volumes of windows in the Western United States, thats our Milgard operation. Lower sales related to staple gun tackers and fastening tools. Currency was negative here by $6 million, but we had a nice increase in our U.K. Window Group in Europe from a positive perspective. They continue to take share as some smaller competitors fall by the wayside so we had a pretty good performance there. We had a very good performance from our profit perspective as you can see profits were flat year-over-year at $16 million, but that results a nice margin improvement from 8% to 9.6% in this particular segment. So all in all, the fact that we were down 17% obviously continues to be a difficult operating environment, but for the most part, very pleased with the fact that we exceeded expectations both on the top line and in terms of profitability. I now want to turn the call over to our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Donny DeMarie, who is going to give you a quick update on some of the operational activities that are occurring in terms of some of the new products weve launched, in addition, some of the actions were taking to reposition some of our businesses. Donny.
Donny DeMarie: Thank you, Tim. We should be on slide 14 and this is a slide we shared with you previously about what were doing to operate within the current environment to really drive results, if I could get you to flip to slide 15, we shared the Masco Business System or MBS with you at our Investors conference and MBS emphasizes five core organizational capabilities, customer focus, lean, innovation, talent, and quality. Id like to share with you some new innovative products, which are driving our performance while building our brands and meeting the needs of our customers. Next slide, the Delta slide; at Delta, our DIAMOND Seal Technology or DST is the big hit with consumers. DST combines a durable timing coated sales with an InnoFlex water way and PEX-C tubing for no leaks and a longer life. Once inside the faucets, water is not in contact with potential metal contaminants. Sales of like-for-like DST SKUs versus our existing brass SKUs are up double digits at retail. Clearly, the consumer is recognizing the value. Also at Delta, our Touch20 Technology is launched with a bang. This intuitive technology enables the user to start or stop the flow of water with a simple tap anywhere on the handle or spout. In support of this product introduction, Delta Faucets, Messy Hands ad campaign was rated the most effective ad of Q3 2009 based on persuasiveness and watchability by Ace metrics and Intelligence Company for the advertising industry. Delta is investing in its brand and has achieved a significant increase in consumers unaided brand awareness. Next slide, Milgard is doing an outstanding job bringing innovation to its customers to meet the unique challenges of the current environment. Our most energy efficient window or we have positioned it in the market 3D MAX combined high energy glass, energy efficient spacers and argon gas to drive improved thermal efficiencies. Consumers who purchase most of our 3D MAX product qualify for the stimulus packages consumer tax credit. Our energy package offerings are driving new demand and a favorable product mix. Also at Milgard, were going to introduce our Simplicity line by Milgard. This opening price endorsed product allows us to work with our existing building customers as a fine way to value engineer their homes to meet the competition of lower price foreclosures. Sales of Simplicity have been largely incremental, while protecting favorable margins on our Milgard branded products. Next slide, Behr Premium Plus Ultra Interior or PPUI is our new paint and primer in one. PPUI had a successful launch in both the United States and Canada. A launch of PPUI was supported by an aggressive advertising campaign. Sales of PPUI have exceeded our own expectations, driving higher sales and a more favorable product mix. In addition, our direct to pro initiatives has continued to gain momentum throughout the quarter. Behr continues to gain market share with the DIY consumer while making in roads with the pro painter. Next slide, Hansgrohe; Hansgrohe is our German luxury faucet manufacturer, where innovation is just who they are. Recognition for the performance in innovative power of Hansgrohe came in the form of 22 designs in innovation awards in 2008. It therefore came as no surprise that the show faucet fitting and shower specialist achieved the number one spot in the sanitation industry section of the international forum designs corporate ranking published for the first time in 2008, further consolidating the companys reputation as a driving force and trend setter for the industry. Id like to update you on a couple of segments that weve updated you on previously. On Installation and Other Services, we entered the recession as a leader in Installation Services and excess the leader as we are increasing our market share of our core installation products. While we have taken the necessary steps to get our costs inline, we have maintained our national footprint and still serve all of the top 50 MSAs. Looking at the core products of just Masco contractor services, six product families constitute in excess of 80% of our total sales. We will focus on growing our core products by leveraging our scale to drive attractive return. Through Masco home services, well leverage our leadership position and energy efficiency to drive new growth opportunities in retrofit applications for existing homes. We have launched our two pilot locations in the third quarter. With housing starts at $1.5 million, segment profit margin should return to the low double digits. We are also pleased to report that Masco Corporation was recognized by Newsweek in their 2009 green ranking as one of the top 100 Greenest Big Companies in America. Next slide, Cabinets, before we go through this slide, I did want to mention, that we had a small fire last week at our Kraftmaid facility in Ohio. Fortunately, no one was hurt. This will delay some deliveries of orders already in production by approximately seven days to 10 days. However, we do not expect any extended impact on incoming orders or future deliveries. At our investor conference we announced the plant closure of a cabinet facility in Europe and indicated that there was more we could do to reduce our fixed costs, rationalize our SKUs and streamline or supply chain. To that then we announced last Friday the planned closure of our Cedar Hill manufacturing facility as well as a workforce rationalization, which will affect approximately 12% of our salaried workforce in the Builder Cabinet Group. This recent announcement will eventually result in an additional $10 million approximate reduction in our fixed costs above what we just shared with you last month at our investor conference. Our move toward common architecture has enabled us reduce plant capacity, realize fixed cost saving, as well as enhance the flexibility of our supply chain. In addition to reducing costs, we are working to improve our quality. Kraftmaid recently won the J.D. Power award for customer satisfaction. With housing starts at $1.5 million and a normalized repair, remodel environment, segment profit margins should return to the low to mid-teens. Before I turn the call back over to Tim, I did want to make one overall comment. Our cash generation continues to be outstanding, primarily driven by reduction in working capital and capital expenditures. While maintaining this discipline, we continue to spend the capital necessary to invest in our leadership brands and drive innovative new products to market. With that, Ill turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Donny. If you would please flip to slide number 22, well take a quick peek at guidance and then well open up the lines for Q-and-A. I would remind all of us that forecasting continues to be challenging in the environment that were in. Having said that, we continue to estimate that our sales will decline this year pretty substantially, we have improved that guidance from 18% to 22% to 18% to 20% and if you go to the midpoint, that represents a 1% improvement which correlates to about $100 million compared to last years revenue. Housing starts, we believe will approximate 550,000 units and again, I mentioned earlier that the important metric here for us is really lag housing starts, which should be about 580,000 I believe if you go back to the fourth quarter of last year through the first three quarters of this year. We currently anticipate that our earnings per share will be in a range of a loss of $0.05 per share to income of $0.05 per share and that compares with our previous guidance of a loss of $0.05 to a loss of $0.25 per common share. EPS includes rationalization charges which have our estimated that those will be about $92 million or $0.17 a share up from $85 million or $0.15 a share in our previous guidance. In addition, I would mention to you that our previous guidance included an estimate of tax expense. Tax expense of a nickel per share, tax expense when youre around breakeven is very difficult to forecast. If you look at our nine month numbers, we have about a Dime of tax expense. We currently think that that number for the full year will be around $0.09. Again, very difficult to forecast at the operating levels that were at. We did mention earlier that weve increased our guidance for free cash flow. Free cash flow, before dividends we currently estimate that well be around $450 million. I think weve got a chance to do a little better than that. That increase is from our previous guidance of $360 million. The impact is on the top line, if you will, in terms of the improvement in our earnings outlook, as well as the thought that we think well be a little better in working capital than we anticipated a few months ago and the fact that CapEx will be a little bit lower. There is a detailed schedule in the package of information that we sent out to you that shows the components of working capital or excuse me of cash flow and where we think those will end up for the full year. So, with that, well open up the lines for Q-and-A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird. 
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird: I guess the first question I have is on cabinets. It looks like sequentially the margin or the operating income actually got worse, but the top line grew so was wondering, if maybe you could talk about the mix that may be causing that or just the promotional environment, is there something going on with share or pressure thats leading to that margin pressure?
Donny DeMarie: Its been a difficult pricing environment, both at Retail and at the Builder and we have seen some mix change within price points. So where weve seen within a premium price point, were seeing people tend to buy at the lower end of those price points. Were seeing the same thing at the entry price point. So everything tends to be shifting down within segments of the price point, which creates a little bit of an issue for us with less favorable product mix.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird: Is that something that you can get out in front of as you implement your restructuring actions or is this just you need to live through the competitive landscape for now?
Donny DeMarie: I think its a little bit of both, Pete. What were working on is really understanding what drives value from a consumers point of view and making sure we dont have costs in the product thats unnecessary and a lot of our lean activity is focused on that. We also are doing more within the Cabinet Group to really coordinate amongst brands. So a lot of work between both the Retail Cabinet Group and the Builder Cabinet Group to understand how does Merillat, Quality and KraftMaid all really work together in the marketplace with the customer segmentation and focus and Ive seen a lot of good work. Some of that will bear fruit here in the near future.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird: Do you think youre further along in one versus the other, i.e. Retail versus Builder, on those initiatives?
Donny DeMarie: Id say, the Builder is further along peak. Weve talked about the common architecture and were starting now to see with really the announcement last week some of the potential benefits of that as we work towards a common chassis at both the quality at Merillat with the end game being able to produce any brand in any plant. So were about halfway through that process, thats going well. So I think were a little bit further along on the builder side. We really got pushed there a little bit sooner to think about how we look at our cost structure and our manufacturing footprint. So were a little further along on the builder side than we are on the retail side.
Operator: Your next question comes from Budd Bugatch - Raymond James.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Couple of questions, one: I think last quarter you gave us an update on the pricing commodity mix. I think it was $220 million for the year. Is there any update on that?
Timothy Wadhams: We currently think that number is probably going to be closer to $250 million. We mentioned on previous calls that the first quarter probably benefited somewhere between $20 million and $30 million and again, Im talking price commodity as well as cost reduction, $20 million to $30 million. It appears to us that based on what we know right now, that the second and third quarters would have been somewhere in the $70 million to $80 million category. We think that the fourth quarter will be pretty comparable to where we were in the second and third quarter. So were looking at roughly $250 million. I would say that the last time we talked about this we had $120 million of price commodity anticipation in terms of improvement and $100 million anticipated in terms of cost reduction. The increase here would be basically cost reduction and if anything, the price commodity at $120 million might back off a little bit with a little more of the mix towards the cost side.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Yes, because were seeing a little bit of deflation, I think in some of the copper and zinc. Is that impacting you?
Timothy Wadhams: They certainly do impact us, yes and in fact, copper, zinc are up, so, yes there is some increase relative to that particular commodity.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Youre seeing more cost improvement?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, the guys are doing a great job, Budd, across the company. We did introduce obviously the Masco business system at the Investor Conference, what, five, six weeks ago. As we mentioned, theyre one of the major tenants of that is the focus on lean principles and our guys have really embraced that concept and continue to really drive process improvement and take cost out. So we continue to see some very positive actions there.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Was there something, Tim, going on in general corporate to cause that to go up $4 million year-over-year with all the cost take out youve done?
John Sznewajs: Basically, Budd, weve had at a couple times previously, we had some accrual adjustments that impacted the third quarter. We think well end the year probably somewhere between $125 million and $130 million in terms of General Corp. expense that would compared to $144 million last year, $181 million the year before and $200 million the year before that, 203, I believe and so weve made and continue to make some very good progress, even though we did have a little bit of an adjustment in that particular quarter.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: So then the last question would be the persistence of the cost reductions, what can we look for going forward as being permanent and how should we think about next year margins and that kind of?
John Sznewajs: We mentioned at the conference, Budd, that if you thing about our fixed cost structure, what we indicated there, that if you go back to end of 2006, that we estimated that our cost structure from a fixed standpoint will have been reduced by about $400 million on a growth basis. We think the net number is around $300 million. Now, the actions that Donny just talked about would take that number up probably about $10 million, plus or minus, but I think if you were think about us going into next year with $300 million of fixed cost reduction over that period of time, that would be probably the way I would think about that with probably and Im not sure if we parted that out by year, but more of that would be taking place in the current environment as opposed to say, 07 and 08.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: In the current environment being 09?
John Sznewajs: Current year.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Current year being 09?
John Sznewajs: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Dolan - Credit Suisse.
Mike Dolan - Credit Suisse: This is actually Mike Dolan for Dan. Just wanted to start out by just asking about if we think about your comments on the installation business getting back to breakeven, around 700 to 800,000 starts, when youre doing your five year forecast, what are you thinking about in terms of years like when do we get the 700 to 800,000 and then when do we get back to a more normalized number like $1.5 million or so?
John Sznewajs: Mike, its a little bit early or premature for us to sort of predict when we get back to those kind of levels. I mean, when we get to February and our fourth quarter earnings call, well give you some update in terms of what we think the market dynamics look like next year. We did mention at the conference that we do expect housing starts to be up next year. We havent necessarily finalized our thoughts around what that number might be, but we do think it will be a little bit stronger, but we would be getting ahead of ourselves. I think if we tried to predict the strength of the housing recovery in terms of trying to nail the starts number.
Mike Dolan - Credit Suisse: Then just thinking about you guys have certainly done a very good job driving cash flow and improving working capital. Whats the potential for further improvements, just based on reducing inventory levels further here? Is it only possible with lower sales volume or is there still some more improvement that you can get?
John Sznewajs: No, I think that that will be an area that we will be looking at from a continuous improvement opportunity. No matter how good youre doing, you can always do a little bit better and I think weve demonstrated that over the course of the year. We did mention at the beginning of the year, we would put particular emphasis on inventory as well as accounts payable. Weve made good progress there. I certainly think there are things that we can do to improve our processes across the company in terms of how we manage receivables and certainly payables from just an administrative standpoint and I think theres continued opportunities that we can certainly improve in inventory, but having said that, it will be more of an incremental nature. If you go back, weve made substantial progress over the course of the last four or five years. Our working capital as a percent of sales, for example was in the 22% to 24% range back in well above four or five years ago, and we brought that down into an approximate 15% kind of range, but theres no question, we can continue to improve going forward, but again, I would call it more incremental than dramatic if you will.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan:  First question, just on Decorative Architectural and the results theyre continue to be a huge benefits to you guys and now at I guess excluding a million of charges, youre near 26%. I mean that actually is as far as I can tell a record for that segment. I was wondering if you could just kind of give a sense of on the slide you mentioned that there was some benefit from the price commodity mix and also to the extent that any favorable products also the new perhaps PPUI benefited from that, and what type of level I mean, are we looking at a couple hundred basis points higher now or whats the feature hold for that segment?
Timothy Wadhams: We dont typically predict margins going forward, Mike, but I think in our commentary basically we described the fact that even though that was a very strong quarter, its still, when you put it in perspective relative to year-to-date, it just basically gets us back to historical levels. So again, the contribution from higher volume is very important in that particular segment. Obviously, weve introduced new products and as weve commented in the past, sometimes that gives you a little bit of a pricing opportunity. Those products have been very well received at retail. So, theres a lot going on there thats been very positive. Theres been a lot of emphasis on promotional activity and advertising so again, it really wraps around a lot of different factors that go into making that a very positive outcome.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: If we could just also kind of focus on plumbing products, maybe to kind of breakdown a little bit, how youre seeing that improvement there. I mean, you mentioned more favorable product mix and also price versus commodity costs and perhaps also if you give us a sense of which were the bigger drivers there as well as you mentioned the international Hansgrohe being a big contributor, maybe to give us a sense of how much the North American margins improved as well as and again, mix versus price commodity, how big were the levers there as well.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, price commodity is a big player in that particular segment. If you go back, Mike, to the first quarter, we mentioned when we talked about price commodity as well as cost, that we thought that plumbing would be the one sector I think we estimated about 35% to 40% of then $200 million would relate to plumbing and that has pretty much held true.  Weve seen a lot of benefit, both from the price commodity as well as the cost reduction side. So, there has been a lot of help from that standpoint, but when we look at the quarter, virtually every business that we have and weve got some small businesses, weve got some large businesses, but almost every business we have in that particular segment did well. Ill let Donny talk about mix in just a second, but just to give you an example, we had a pretty good quarter from a hot tubs standpoint, which is a large discretionary purchase, but weve seen a lot of smaller competitors fall by the wayside and weve been able to pick up significant share and showed a lot of really solid improvement quarter-over-quarter. So, again, I wouldnt isolate to any one particular area. You asked about international versus domestic. We dont break margins down, but you did see the international margins in total and again, plumbings a pretty big part of our international related operations, but Ill let Donny comment a little bit on the mix related issues you asked about.
Donny DeMarie: Really as Tim mentioned, were seeing strength across the board in plumbing. We mentioned Hansgrohe had an outstanding month, but so did Delta or outstanding quarter. Really, the hot tub business had a fantastic quarter Masco bath really had gained share with some of their introduction in the tub in business. So really it was across the board that we saw some significant market share gain. We also I had some good product launches here where we had the Hansgrohe introduced the privateer product Deltas CSC which I comment and on in the tough to all so, really was a good quarter across the board.
Operator: Your next question comes from Megan McGrath - Barclays Capital.
Megan McGrath - Barclays Capital: Wanted to follow-up on the first question that was asked, get a little bit more detail. In your answer around the manufacturing changes in cabinets, realizing that its a bit of a work-in-progress and youre responding to the market as you go along, but can you give us an overall sense of where you think you are inning-wise or percentage-wise in terms of the changes youre making overall in your cabinet manufacturing?
Donny DeMarie: On the cabinet side, again, were talking about adopting the common architecture on the builders side of our Cabinet Group, which is our Quality and Merillat brands and as weve stated previously, we expect to have that done around the end of the first quarter next year, beginning for end of first quarter, maybe middle of next year, where we would have the common architecture throughout the facility, take a little bit longer to really on the finished order component of that, but well have the common architecture at the facilities by then. So you can put your own inning on it, but were pretty far along.
Megan McGrath - Barclays Capital: Then just to follow-up on balance sheet and cash flow. Obviously, your cash generations been pretty strong. Youve got the $300 million due in the first quarter, but could you give us a sense of how comfortable you would feel now in putting some of that cash to work and your thoughts around the $850 million due in 2012, why not take advantage of the debt markets now and potentially term that out or what are your thoughts around that?
Timothy Wadhams: We do have significant cash on the balance sheet. We expect to end the year in a very strong cash position as well, Megan. Currently weve got the $300 million due in March. Our anticipation is right now that if we could refinance that, we would certainly consider that, but we want to have enough fire power to be able to pay that down in terms of cash on the balance sheet, if in fact we need to do that. Having said that, well consider different alternatives to address the $850 million thats due in 2012, we dont generally get into speculation on whether we would do a financing or issue some bonds, but thats certainly among the possibilities that we would consider, but we feel really fortunate that were in a very strong cash position right now and certainly expect to be in a very strong cash position at the end of the year as well.
Megan McGrath - Barclays Capital: Just one really quick modeling follow-up, realizing you probably dont want to give actual guidance, but any sort of early thoughts on this 2010 pricing versus commodities relationship?
Timothy Wadhams: No, I dont think that we would want to get into that discussion at this point in time. Obviously, things are continuing to develop there. We did talk a little earlier about the fact that both copper and zinc, which are components of brass have increased substantially, but I think we demonstrated overtime that, although commodities at least over the last couple of three years, although commodities may impact us from time to time in a quarter. Weve done a pretty good job of offsetting commodity cost with either pricing or productivity or working with our suppliers. So we feel pretty confident that even though there may be an occasional blip here and there relative to performance that well be able to offset those going forward to a large degree.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zener - Macquarie.
Ken Zener - Macquarie: Wonder if you could talk about international, which fell 7% year-over-year versus 17% in 2Q. Could you just kind of highlight perhaps their regional demands youre seeing, U.K., Germany, and how much of that is really related to market share versus end market?
Timothy Wadhams: I think we mentioned in the United Kingdom, our Window business is doing quite well. We had a very nice performance there. Sales were up in the quarter, even though that economy continues to be pretty difficult. So those would be essentially share gains. We also had pretty good performance in our plumbing related business in the United Kingdom. From a continent standpoint, we had very good strength in Germany, Austria, which were very strong in the quarter. Were starting to see a little bit of a pickup in terms of project work related to Hansgrohe, which has been a real plus for us over the last couple of years. So I think, its fairly broad-based and again, a lot of that, Ken, as I mentioned earlier, we could cut a fair number of charges last year to improve and drive some of the operating improvement into our international related businesses. I think were starting to see the benefit of some of the cost structure reductions coming through in this particular quarter, but it was really nice performance even though the top line was off.
Ken Zener - Macquarie: So a bit more share gains in the U.K. as opposed to actual stabilization or a little better demand?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Id say theres probably more emphasis on share gains than necessarily stabilization and more emphasis on internal improvement in terms of execution.
Ken Zener - Macquarie: Then my second question is given how strong paint and plumbing work. If you focus on select segments, do you think those businesses can be better and higher return versus the past because youve taken cost out and what would kind of be the offsets there? Do you think its just competition will keep margins in a historical range or can you actually do better than you did in the past?
Timothy Wadhams: I think that in paint, I would suggest to you there that from a paint standpoint, getting back to the historical performance that weve enjoyed overtime at that 22%, 23% range that I talked about in terms of the nine month number. I mean obviously thats pretty darn good and so I dont know that I would necessarily see us improving the return on sales. I do think we have some very nice top line opportunities, though in that particular category as we continue to bring out new products, as we continue to penetrate on the pro side. So I think from a top line perspective, which would drive some pretty nice incremental margins. I think weve got some really nice opportunity, thats a great partnership that we have on the paint side with Home Depot and our other customers. Having said that, I think from a plumbing perspective, there maybe some continued opportunity for us to see improvement there. We dont want to get ahead of ourselves, but thats an area where weve had a lot of change in leadership over the course of the last couple of years. Weve done some things to improve process in those businesses. A lot of emphasis on cost reduction, lean, quality, new product introductions. Again, dont want to get ahead of ourselves and dont necessarily want to get into predicting margins, but I think we certainly have the opportunity there to continue to take share, continue to perform on the top line. Hansgrohe as done a really good job of global expansion and I think those opportunities, they continue to penetrate new locations. In fact, we just opened up in South Africa, I think three or four months ago. So I think theres opportunity to continue to drive the top line there and potential for margin expansion.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: You guys are a really good read on whats going on with the consumer as well as really whats happening in the home building business. So really just my question thinking about first on the builder side, on the installation services, kind of curious how many customers youve seen go out of business? If you have any numbers would suggest that, its a very tough environment for private home builder? Although, you said that you are gaining share in that segment, just in absolute terms how challenging it is for your customers on the private side and do you see a lot more blood coming in 2010 with capital not available to them. Then just secondly, Tim, the cabinet business, you talked about the mix issues. Are people spending less money, but is there $25,000 on average for a kitchen today versus what used to be $50,000 just kind of sort of understanding. Its funny to hear you talk about the Jacuzzi business, hot tubs, I mean doing well. Understanding that a lot of the unemployment concerns and just consumers discretionary spending has been so weak? So just kind of help shape us on, what consumers actually doing out there? Are they moving down price point and that kind of commentary will be very helpful, I think.
Timothy Wadhams: Ill take a quick comment on the cabinet side. Donny can talk a little bit about the MCS side. We certainly continue to see slowness for big ticket items. I dont think theres any question about that, consumer confidence, job loss, those kinds of things continue to play in. We see more focus on entry level homes with generally maybe going from; say 18 cabinets to 17 or 16, which obviously has some impact. So, I would say from a consumer perspective, we dont necessarily see robust consumer spending, but at lower ticket items, that has been relatively strong. As you can see from our paint sales having said that, I think one of the biggest issues out there continues to be access to credit, hopefully we see that loosen up a little bit going forward. Our hope would be that for bigger ticket items there might be some pent-up demand, but at this point that continues to be a fairly large purchase and to your comment on hot tubs, we were surprised as well. I think there for us really, even though industry volumes are way down, I think weve got a very good product, very good product line, if you will at different price points, very well run business and with other competitors falling by the wayside, its really given us an opportunity to pick up some nice share. So I wouldnt necessarily want to imply that industry demand is up for hot tubs, but I think were just doing better because of our financial strength, the scale that weve got and the position that weve got in the market and Donny, maybe you could address the MCS side or the installation side of the question.
Donny DeMarie: On the installation side, were seeing probably what you would anticipate. Were seeing a very difficult operating environment for both the big builder and the small builder. The private builders are really struggling to find financing. We have seen a number of them just see to operate where they complete their last job and just not be able to really finance the next one. So, weve seen a lot of that market consolidate and really see a lot of the small fragmented builders just leave the industry in total. Were not seeing any signs of life there. Its really about the same as it was, havent seen any real change. There was a little bit of pickup I think related to the home buyer tax credit that were hoping gets extended and hopefully expanded. I think that brought some buyers forward, certainly some entry level buyers and think that will probably be beneficial if they could extend that and maybe increase it, but right now, its kind of the same, Ivy. Were seeing a very, very difficult environment at about the same levels weve seen over the past 90, 120 days.
Timothy Wadhams: One thing I would add to that is, one thing thats somewhat encouraging for us is that we havent really seen a significant tick up in any collection or bad debt related issues and in fact, I think we might come in a little bit better than we anticipated earlier this year from a bad debt standpoint. So, again that has not been an issue, again, its a problem, but its not a big issue.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: Just on the windows, when does the tax credit for windows go away that Milgards been benefiting from?
Timothy Wadhams: 2010.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: Do you know when in 2010?
Donny DeMarie:  I think its the end of 2010.
Timothy Wadhams: I think its the end, yes.
Operator: Your final question comes from David Goldberg - UBS
David Goldberg - UBS: First question, I know you dont want to talk about a starts forecast and necessarily talk about when we could ramp up starts, but you did mention that you thought starts were going to be up year-over-year and I would imagine you positioned the business to kind of have growing starts as we look into 2010. I am just trying to get an idea of what kind of ramp you might be assuming in how youre positioning the business and what kind of costs might be there to take out still if the ramp in starts is slower than what you guys have forecasted?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, again, David we mentioned well talk about our view on starts when we get to our February call for the fourth quarter, I would point out, if you look at the blue chip consensus, I think that number is close to 750,000 to 800,000 in terms of starts. Might be a little bit optimistic, but again, well give you a better feel when we get to February as to what we think the reality is and again, we would remind you that typically starts impact us on a one quarter lag. So if things get robust later in the year next year, we wont necessarily benefit from that but well certainly benefit from it going forward. In addition, the other part of your question was on the cost side and while we will continue to get after cost irrespective of how quickly we ramp up or you how slowly we ramp up, as we continue to focus on quality, lean principles, there is certainly are opportunities for us to improve process. Weve talked about rationalizing products, so definitely that will be an ongoing focus for us and certainly something that will be part of the culture going forward.
David Goldberg - UBS: Then just a quick follow-up question, I guess this is a little bit of follow-up to Ivys question. In terms of the tax credit, the credit expiring for Windows, Im wondering how you thing about whether demand will pull forward in that business. If so, how you kind of look out assuming its credit expires and dont we get renewed it from point the window perspective, energy efficiency perspective. What that would do to margins and if you have any way to kind of think about how to quantify if demand was pulled forward, how you would think about that?
Donny DeMarie: On the Windows side of the business, weve not seen demand; we dont believe weve seen a significant amount of demand pulled forward. What weve seen is the customer trade up. So where weve had people in the market to replace their windows, which may have gone with one of our mid price points replacement windows. Theyre willing to trade up to take advantage of that tax credit to get a more efficient window. So were seeing more of a trade up than necessarily a pull forward, because its still a relatively large purchase and were talking a credit that would offset the amount of the trade up, but certainly not offset the expense to replace the windows.
Timothy Wadhams: Again, Id like to thank all of you for joining us today. I also want to thank those investors who were able to either attend our Investor Conference in September or who visited the website. We very much appreciate your participation and the feedback that youve provided us. At the conference, we enjoyed the opportunity to share with you the way we are approaching the management of our business through the Masco business system, actions that we are taking to reposition certain of our businesses and some of our exciting new products. In addition, the conference gave many of you a chance to meet and interact with other members of our management team and we thought that was a major plus. Its been a difficult couple of years and were very proud of the worldwide Masco team as they have stepped up to address the challenges of the marketplace while at the same time implementing those actions that will help position Masco to win in the future. We had a good quarter and you are gaining market share across many of our business units and Im especially pleased with our global performance in paint, plumbing and our window businesses. We continue to believe that the long term fundamentals for our business are positive, and look forward to driving value for our shareholders as we continue to strengthen our leadership brands and improve our execution through the Masco business system. Thank you again.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Donald J. DeMarie, Jr. - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, VP and Treasurer Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman of the Board
Analysts: Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Stephen East  Pali Research Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates  Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey [Unidentified Analyst] - J.P. Morgan David Goldberg - UBS
Operator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2009 second quarter conference call.  As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and simultaneously webcast. If you have not received a press release and the supplemental information, they are available on Masco's website, along with today's slide presentation under the Investor Relations section at www.Masco.com. Before we begin management's presentation the company wants to direct your attention to the current slide and the note at the end of the earnings release, which are cautionary measures about statements that reflect the company's views about its future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures.  After a brief discussion by management, the call will be open for analyst's questions. If we are unable to get to your question during this call, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations office at 313-792-5500. I'd now like to turn the call over to Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, [Michelle], and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's 2009 second quarter earnings call. I'm joined today by Richard Manoogian, our Chairman, Donny DeMarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and John Sznewajs, our Chief Financial Officer.  And if you would please move to Slide 3, well, second quarter was a tough quarter, obviously, with sales off 23%. Both our top line and our earnings were a little better than we anticipated.  We continued to see volume declines in new home construction and home improvement markets in both North America and Europe.  We had the negative impact of currency translation of approximately $80 million in the quarter.  From an income perspective we reported $0.15 per common share of income for the second quarter of 2009. That compares with $0.20 in the prior second quarter of 2008, and we'll talk about EPS in a second.  We continue to do a good job of working capital management, balance sheet management; working capital as a percent of sales and trailing 12 months continued to improve. And we're really pleased that gross margins in the quarter increased. They were up, benefiting from both the positive impact of price commodity relationship as well as cost reductions that we've been pursuing. In addition, from a free cash flow standpoint we've increased our estimate for the year from $300 million to $360 million and, very importantly, we ended the quarter with $900 million of cash on the balance sheet.  If you'd please flip to Slide 4, I mentioned EPS of $0.15 versus $0.20 on a reported basis for the quarter. In the second quarter of 2009 we had $22 million of rationalization-related charges; that's about $0.04 a share. That compares to $15 million and $0.03 in the prior year quarter. We also had a little bit of impairment related to financial investments, some accelerated share-based compensation. Each of those cost us about $0.01 in the quarter and they were offset by currency transaction gains. So those essentially netted out. As we mentioned earlier this year, tax for the year is going to be somewhat unusual in terms of relationship. We had $63 million of pre-tax earnings in the quarter and only $1 million of tax. Had we had a more normalized 30% tax rate for the quarter we would have reported about $0.09 of earnings.  At the same time, last year's second quarter, we had an inflated tax rate. You might remember that we had an increased tax rate last year for the full year and during the quarters of the year that related to the repatriation of foreign earnings. Last year's tax rate was 47% and if that had been normalized we'd have been about $0.25 of EPS last year. So, really, if we had normalized tax rates, $0.09 and $0.25 in terms of comparative EPS.  If you flip to Slide 5, I mentioned our sales were down 23%. That's about $600 million. Again, volume declines in both new home construction and the home improvement markets. We talked about the negative impact of currency translation. I would also mention that our sales to key retailers were down 7% in the quarter and, for those of you who have followed the company over the last several quarters, you know that our sales to key retailers have been down low double digits during that timeframe, so we saw some pretty good improvement relative to that metric. Our margins were down from 8.1% in 2008 second quarter to 5.5%. That's a decremental margin of 17% in the quarter. And, again, the under absorption of fixed cost because of the significant volume declines, as we mentioned earlier, were offset by the positive relationship between selling price and commodity as well as benefits from our cost rationalization. I want to point out that the decremental margin, we're very pleased with the 17% in the quarter. You might remember last year the decremental margin in 2008 was about 34% and we had several of our operating segments that were in a 40%, 50%, 60% decremental relationship, if you will, relative to the decline in sales and the decline in operating profit. And those segments have improved, as I'm sure you saw from the detail that we provided.  In the first half of this year, for example, our decremental margin's about 22%. I mentioned it was 17% in the second quarter. Cabinets have improved from 50% last year from a full year basis down to 27% for the first half of this year, and that's with increased rationalizing charges. Our Decorative Architectural segment, which was 60% down last year from a decremental margin standpoint, is actually up very nicely incrementally this year and we'll talk about that in a few minutes. And our Other Specialty Products, which last year was down about 40% from a decremental standpoint, has improved in the first half of this year to 21%, just to give you a little bit of perspective. The commentary that you heard relative to the consolidated numbers on this slide really is certainly appropriate for subsequent slides and segment slides. I don't want to repeat that, so we'll just kind of skim over it. It is on the slides as we get to them. If you flip to Slide 6, just taking a real quick look at North America, our sales were down in North America 21%, with margins down from 9.7% to 7.3%. Internationally our sales were down 30% - that's 18% in local currency. And as I mentioned, we did have about $80 million of negative impact from currency translation. Margins in Europe declined from 8.7% to 6.9%. If you flip to Slide 7, Working Capital, again, this gives you a look at the components as well as the percentage of receivables plus inventories less payables to last 12 months' sales. And as you can see, we've made some nice improvement in inventory as well as payables and really want to compliment John and Donny; our finance guys, our operating guys continue to do a really good job of managing the balance sheet and we're very pleased with this outcome. And obviously that's an area that we put a lot of emphasis on. If you flip to Slide 8, take a look at our segment results for the quarter. And I want to start with Cabinets; Cabinets were down 31% in the quarter. That's about $190 million. Profits declined from income last year of $37 million to a loss of about $12 million this year. In this segment we had a negative impact of currency translation of $16 million and we also had increased severance and plant closure-related costs from $3 million in the second quarter of 2008 and had about $10 million in the quarter for this year. If you flip to the Plumbing segment on Slide 9, sales were down 24%. And, again, in this segment we have negative currency translation of $53 million in the quarter. Our profits from an operating standpoint were down from 12.5% to 10.7%, and we did have a slight increase in severance and rationalization-related costs from $2 million to $4 million in the quarter. If you flip to Slide 10, our Installation-related business - and Donny will talk a little bit about this in a few minutes - sales here were down 39% and we continue to do better than the decline in housing starts, which are down about 40% and maybe 45%-ish on a lag basis. In addition, we had a modest profit last year and, with the significant volume decline this year, we have a loss of $34 million in this particular segment. We have increased system implementation cost of up to $7 million from $4 million in the second quarter of 2008.  If you flip to Slide 11, our Decorative Architectural segment, we were up 6% in this segment. And, again, this was a bright spot in the first quarter; it's obviously a bright spot in the second quarter. We benefited from new product introductions, promotional activities and had a nice increase in the sale of paint and stains. That was partially offset by a pretty significant decline in sales of builder hardware. Our margins in the segment increased from 18.7% last year to 23% this year and really benefited from the increase in sales.  And, significantly, we had a really nice increase in terms of lower program costs related to builder's hardware. You might remember last year in the second quarter we had some significant program costs related to resets for builder's hardware, so we have a significant improvement in margin in the builder's hardware part of this particular segment given the sales decline and a profit improvement.  Just to give you a little bit of perspective in terms of margins for this particular segment, if we look at the first half of the year margins for our Decorative Architectural products were 21.7%. That compares to 19.2% last year. And, as you might recall, we had some sales declines as well as some commodity cost increase last year. That had some impact on that margin as well as the builder's hardware program-related costs that I mentioned. Just to give you a perspective, the 21.7% margin in the first half this year, in 2007 our first half margin was 21.8%; in 2006 our margin was 21.9%. So basically the 21.7% in the first half gets us back to where we have been pretty much from a historical standpoint. So I thought that might be helpful for you to understand the margins in this particular segment. If you flip to Slide 12, Other Specialty Products, our sales were down 25% in this segment and we had reduced sales of windows in both North America, the Western United States, our Milgard operation as well as the United Kingdom. In addition, we've had lower sales volume of staple gun tackers as well as fastening tools, and we did have a negative impact of currency translation in this segment of about $10 million. Profits were down from 6.7% to 4.8% and we had very minimal charges or rationalization charges in this quarter. I think we had $1 million this year versus zero last year.  If you flip to Slide 13, Donny's going to spend a little bit of time going over a couple of the elements we talked about during the first quarter conference call in terms of how we're operating in the current business environment with a focus on Cabinets and our Contracting Service business. With that, I'll turn it over to Donny and when Donny finished up I'll come back and talk about guidance before we take some questions.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Good morning and thank you, Tim. We continue to really focus on our efforts on operating in the current environment with really the goal of preparing for the future by doing the things we need to do today to drive long-term growth. If you'll flip to Slide 14, within the Masco builder cabinet group, I wanted to update you on a few key initiatives that we started and have spoken to you about before. Our common base architecture, where we can make any brand in any plant, is on schedule and we'll complete that in early 2010. Our ERP system implementation is also on schedule and will complete about the same time. And I want to remind you that within the builder cabinet group, it's really a world-class lean organization.  But within this segment there's really more we can do. Our retail cabinet group has launched a major initiative, a major lean initiative, to continue to take costs out of the organization and we're pleased with the early results of those efforts. On the Installation and Other Services, sales being down 39%, housing starts were down 40%, but on a lag basis - a 90-day lag basis, which really translates more to our sales - housing starts were down in excess of 45%. So we continue to take share within this segment.  At this level of housing starts it would be extremely difficult if not impossible for us to be able to show an operating profit; however, we're focused on maximizing our cash generation and continuing to do the things we can do to improve results. Some of those things are product rationalization, where we are eliminating those products that are not accretive to our operating profit; we continue to look at our hub-and-spoke business model, that's where we can take costs out of our back office by consolidating locations and leaving our work force local so we continue to serve all of the markets that have a significant number of housing starts; and our ERP system implementation, which has been a heavy drag on earnings in 2008 and 2009, will complete in 2010. Flipping to Slide 15, I'll talk to you about some key innovations that we've launched and really the impact they've had on our organization. I'd like to start with Delta, our diamond seal technology which we launched late in 2008. This is the technology where water does not come into contact with any metal once it enters the faucet. This uses a patented diamond-embedded ceramic disc to eliminate the need for any lubricant. It has a longer life and virtually is a leak-free products.  Within this initiative we really promoted our brand. The DST launch was one of the largest advertising campaigns in Delta's history and we continue to invest heavily in the Delta brand. We've had broad customer acceptance of the product and sales of DST are significantly higher than predecessor SKUs without DST. We've seen a dramatic improvement in quality and really a nice effective innovation to really drive performance. On the Milgard side of our business, our window business in the Western United States, we really spent a lot of time understanding our voice of customer. And when we did the work through voice of customer, we were market share leader out West. We had a significant presence on the mid to highpoint of the window business, but our customer, as the housing market had turned, had found a more value-driven customer and we needed to induce an opening price point product that still was within the Milgard family. We brought out Simplicity to really meet the needs of our customer. It's an opening price point product. It's also a Milgard-branded product and allows our customers to stay within the Milgard family.  And also at Milgard we've launched an energy package. And those windows within our energy package meet the criteria to qualify for the stimulus money that's available, and those sales have gone extremely well. And on the Behr side, really at Behr we've launched our Premium Plus Ultra Interior Paint and Primer in One. Sales have exceeded our own internal forecast for the product and a real example where key innovation will still drive sales and excitement in the aisle. And we really wanted to give you a feel on this slide where we continue to invest heavily in innovation and even though we're in the middle of a tough economic period we think it's important to do the things we need to do to win going forward. And with that, Tim, I'll turn it back over to you.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay. Thank you, Donny. If you would flip to Slide 16 just to take a quick look at guidance before we move to Q&A. And I would remind everybody that forecasting, looking forward in this environment, continues to be extremely challenging. Having said that, we currently anticipate that our sales will decline in a range of 18% to 22%. That compares to our previous guidance, where we had a sales decline in the 20% to 25% range. We continue to believe that housing starts will approximate about 550,000 units in 2009 and, having said that, we currently anticipate that our loss per common share from continuing operations will be in a range of $0.05 loss to $0.25. That compares to a range previously of $0.15 to $0.35 and obviously the midpoint of the range has come down from negative $0.25 to negative $0.15. I mentioned free cash flow. We estimate currently that our free cash flow will increase to approximately $360 million from $300 million that we estimated three months ago, and that really reflects the midpoint of the guidance range, which reduces our loss in terms of net income, and also a slight decline in capital expenditures primarily. There's some other ups and downs, if you will. EPS includes rationalization charges of $0.15 per common share, our EPS range. That's an increase from $70 million to $85 million or approximately $0.13 a share to $0.15 a share.  And we also continue to anticipate that pension costs compared to last year's expense will be up about $0.05 incrementally this year, including the curtailment charge that we had in the first quarter.  We talked a little bit about tax earlier. We continue to estimate that tax will probably cost us about $0.04 to $0.06 a share this year. As I mentioned in the first half, I think we've got about $0.025 rounded to $0.03 in terms of tax. On a $3 million pre-tax loss we have a $9 million tax estimate. Obviously when you get around breakeven estimating tax is very challenging. The main issue for us is that we have losses in certain jurisdictions or municipalities that are not deductible against income in other areas. But, again, that's no different than it was before. So with that, [Michelle], we'll open up the lines for Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank: The first question I wanted to ask was about your guidance. You've improved the guidance by about $0.10. You mentioned, obviously, sales being the principal driver of that, but you obviously had a pretty nice performance in your margins as well. Even looking at the sales aspect of your guidance, your sales were down 24% in the first half of the year and you're assuming 18% to 22% for the year, so it sounds like you're assuming a pretty good improvement in the sales performance in the second half of the year as well.  So I'm just wondering what's behind just taking up $0.10. Is that conservatism or are you seeing other sources of deterioration in the second half of the year?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, the reality, Nishu, is that if you look at the guidance and look at the first half, the second half sales, I think, really factor out or calculate out to be within about $40 or $50 million of the first half. And basically we lost $0.08 in the first half and if you go to the midpoint of the guidance of $0.15 in essence what we're saying is that the second half is going to look a fair amount like the first half.  We obviously have better comparisons, if you will, later in the year just in terms of, as you recall, last year things really started to turn south in September. The third quarter and the fourth quarter were pretty tough. So basically we're not looking for necessarily any deterioration in performance but basically looking at sales relatively flat first half to the second half. 
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank: And the second question I wanted to ask was about the ERP implementation. This is something you folks have been talking about for some time now, obviously affecting the Cabinets group as well as the Installation Services group. I was wondering if you could give us more details on the ERP implementation? I know you might be doing that in your investor conference a few weeks from now, but what other divisions is that affecting, what types of changes might that mean for your operations, for your results? And, Donny, you mentioned that this is a pretty expensive program that you've undertaken over the last years; how much roughly are you spending on this ERP implementation across the company?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Nishu, I'll hit the first part of that question and then maybe you can follow up with [Maria] related to cost. We haven't gone into the full detail of the cost breakouts really to the ERP. But what I'd like to do is tell you on the Cabinets side, as we started on the builder cabinet group - and that ERP implementation really affects that group - to look at going to a common architecture between the Quality and the Merillat brand which would then allow us to produce any product in any brand in any plant, we had to have a common system. And so we had a different need related from the information technology to be able to receive those orders and then dispatch it and then be able to produce it in the facility which makes the most sense from a shipping point of view. So we launched the ERP initiative at the same time that we dove into the common architecture.  So that will complete end of first quarter, maybe mid-year next year, but on schedule and will have a big impact on the builder cabinet group. The only other significant ERP implementation that we have going on is at MCS, and at MCS that initiative was, if you remember, that business was put together through a series of acquisitions and really one of the large acquisitions was a rollup of many contractors and we wound up buying the holding company, to speak, or BSI Holdings. So when we started really consolidating that to make it look like one company and act like one company, we had as many as 40 independent ERP systems, so the need to move to a modern system where we could put all the divisions on one system made a lot of sense. That only affects the Masco Contractor Services division within the platform because Service Partners has been on J.D. Edwards and really is on a very stable base.  So this adds a lot of ability to do real-time scheduling. This allows us to extend. Where the current system really begins at the end of the job, this allows us to extend into actually doing the estimates, the quoting. We have tools that allow us to look at [inaudible] rates, bids versus permits. So we think it really improves the efficiency of that operation pretty dramatically.
Timothy Wadhams:  Nishu, one thing in terms of the cost, if you look at the appendix we do have the ERP system-related costs broken out in the back that are going through the P&L. What's capitalized would end up in capital expenditures. So in the appendix we've got the second quarter costs for both the Cabinet group as well as MCS. We don't have the first quarter in here, but that was in the package for the first quarter. But we also have both '07 and '08 cumulative in the back of the deck and I think the cost for ERP implementations in '07 - '08 aggregated about $28 million. 
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: One other point, Nishu. I think it's important.  Really with MCS, their primary competitors being the small contractors, only MCS within this space has the size and scale to make this kind of investment and really will give us a technology that no one else has.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Just a clarification question and then a follow up. The change in your sales guidance, how much of that was because you surpassed your internal expectations for Q2 and how much of that is maybe a little bit more moderation or an improved outlook in the second half, if you could help me with that.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we don't give quarterly guidance, as you know, Sam, so I won't necessarily get specific about the second quarter necessarily. But I think if you were to look at it in terms of the midpoint, about 2.5% improvement. That equates to about $240 million.  I would point out that our expectation now in that $240 million is that about $100 million of that is a reduction in the negative impact of foreign currency translation. We've got about $165 million in the first half of the year. You might remember that our original guidance had about $300 million of expectation of negative impact of foreign currency. We've reduced that. That'll come in probably just a little bit above $200 million and the expectation right now is that we'll see a negative impact in the third quarter substantially offset by the fourth quarter. But, again, obviously second quarter did help that a little bit and there is certainly second half anticipation of having a little better sales environment.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: So where specifically segment-wise are you seeing a little bit more of an improvement versus prior expectations in the second half? And, also, is that paint performance sustainable?
Timothy Wadhams:  Where we're seeing the improvement, I mentioned the foreign currency, but most of that would be on the retail side of the business just in terms of, you know, we've got the builders' side pretty much consistent with the same assumption, but really, I think, a little bit better retail, if you will, primarily in North America. And what was the second part of your question?
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Well, the retail, is it a particular segment that you're seeing it in, the improved - 
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that would be primarily in Plumbing and Decorative Architectural. 
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: And then paint?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, paint's in Decorative Architectural.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: So you're saying that this is a sustainable trend in terms of the recent outperformance?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we don't give quarterly guidance and we're not giving segment guidance, but we're really pleased with the way that segment performed in the second quarter. Again, we all know it's very difficult, but we've got some new products coming out there. We've done a nice job with promotional activity. So I think that we'll continue to see some good opportunities there just in terms of new products. We had a load-in in the second quarter which helped second quarter a little bit with the new product that Donny mentioned, Premium Plus Ultra Interior.  So, yes, we can keep the momentum going there.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I guess the first question on Cabinets, it looks like somewhere around $400 million might be the new establishment of the breakeven point for that business, but you mentioned some of these initiatives that you're going through on the builders' side and then also on the retail side with some lean programs. Can you maybe talk about how much more you can lower the breakeven point and what some of the benefits from the lean at retail might bring to the table?
Timothy Wadhams: Pete, we haven't given any targets out on that at this point in time. Obviously, the guys are kicking that off. You know, that's an ongoing process, as I'm sure you're very much aware, with a commitment to continuous improvement, [inaudible] program, six sigma approaches and that type of thing, and at this point we haven't given out any targets necessary. We do have an investor day coming up in September and we would anticipate getting a little more detailed at that point in time, but we do think there's a lot of opportunity there and, in fact, there has been some nice improvement in that particular segment so far.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: I think the key here, Pete, is that we believe there's more we can do. We clearly see opportunities as we get to the common architecture on the builders' side and on the retail side we've really been heavily focused on lean and taking costs out and we've been very pleased with our ability to really attack the cost base.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Is there more opportunity on the builders' side or on the lean at retail side?
Timothy Wadhams: I'd say both. I think there's a lot of opportunity. Donny talked about the common architecture on the builders' side, but, yes, we think we can continue to improve both side of that. And don't forget we've got some European businesses, too, that are in the Cabinet group that have had a pretty tough time this year so far.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And then just on the price of materials, which you mentioned throughout the presentation, can you give us a sense as to how the expectations there have changed?
Timothy Wadhams: At this point we continue to believe that we'll benefit by about $120 million for the full year, and that's consistent with what we mentioned on the last call.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Stephen East  Pali Research.
Stephen East  Pali Research: Could you quantify a little bit more the op margin improvement? Everybody's really been - it seems like your guidance is awfully conservative for the second half. If you could just talk about your operating margin improvement in the second quarter versus the first in terms of if you could rank order the drivers as far as volumes, mix shift, the raw material and the rationalization that you've been going through for the last several quarters? 
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Well, volume certainly is up. The first quarter normally is the lowest quarter from a sales standpoint, so volume certainly contributes.  We mentioned, Stephen, on the last call that we estimated that we had about $20 to $30 million of positive impact from the combination of the relationship between price and commodities as well as cost cutting. In the second quarter that number was probably somewhere around $70 to $80 million, so we did see an acceleration. At the end of the first quarter or during the call, we estimated that we would see about $200 million of benefit in the year - $120 million related to the relationship between price and commodities and about $80 million related to cost reductions. We now think that number might be a little closer to $220 million, with the increase primarily on the cost side. And we probably had a little more of a positive impact in the second quarter than we might have anticipated, particularly as it relates to the cost improvements coming through. But, again, that number was probably $70 to $80 million and compared to $20 to $30 million in the first quarter. I think that probably helps you with some of the understanding. Mix would not have changed. You mentioned mix and I don't think mix would have changed that dramatically, although Decorative Architectural obviously was up 6%. I think it was up 2% in the first quarter. So from that standpoint, we had a higher margin and so obviously that had some impact just in terms of operating margins.
Stephen East - Pali Research: And I know I asked you this question before on the Installation business. You're now at a 10% negative op margin and I know on a hugely depressed volume basis, but still no writedowns on goodwill, etc. Can you give us a better understanding of why we're not seeing that or how you all are looking at this?
Timothy Wadhams: Sure. Basically, Steve, that is an annual test that we do that is performed in the fourth quarter unless there is a trigger - what's called a triggering event - that might cause you to look at one of your business segments earlier than that. So we do an annual test every year in the fourth quarter and that test is based on a five-year discounted cash flow model.  There was a fair amount of disclosure in the 10-K this year in terms of methodology and assumptions and basically one of the key issues there is really the terminal value when you do that calculation. When you get out into the fifth year - and as I think I mentioned on the fourth quarter call - the assumption that we had made when we did that calculation last year was that housing starts were going to be back at about 1.5 million - 1.55 million, I believe. And, again, that's in the 10-K.  So what we've told investors is that as we start to put that analysis together again this year in the fourth quarter, the key drivers of that are basically going to be assumptions as to what we think housing starts will look like over the five-year period, with that fifth year being very important in that calculation. So at this point in time, again, we haven't really performed that exercise at this point and from our position right now it would be pretty hard for us not to see a start number that probably is going to be around 1.4, 1.5 five years out, which we think is reasonable. Last year we didn't pull that number out of the air. We basically went to, I think, Global Insight and some other consensus opinions, if you will, from economists, took their number, discounted that. So from that standpoint we continue to think that we'll probably have a number in that range. The one thing I would mention to you is that if you think about the longer term, you think about demographics, you think about household formations, we continue to think that the fundamentals are favorable. I think the Harvard Joint Center for Housing Studies recently estimated that household formations in the decade 2010 to 2020 would approximate, I think, 14 million, if my memory is right, and maybe with an average of 1.6 or 1.7 per year - obviously, a big driver in terms of new home construction.  So from our standpoint at this stage, again, we've got to get into the detail but I wouldn't necessarily anticipate that we're going to have a major issue based on what I think those projections will look like when we get to the fourth quarter. 
Stephen East - Pali Research: The bearish argument - one of the bearish arguments - around your equity is the liquidity, that type of thing. Have you all had any thoughts, conversations about going out and refunding your debt, etc., extending your maturities?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, as we've mentioned, Steve, we've got $300 million due next March, and we're positioned to pay that down with cash that we will generate. We continue to expect we'll end the year with $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet, so we're prepared. We'd like to refinance that if we can do that attractively. If we can't, we'll pay it down with cash from the balance sheet. The next major issue is 2012, when we have $850 million due. Would we consider buying some of that in early if we could find an attractive price? I think we would certainly take a look at that. Just in terms of the financial markets, we've got to think three years out that we ought to be able to refi that on some reasonably attractive terms. But, again, I think we generate a lot of cash, we'll continue to generate cash. We've got some financial investments that potentially could be monetized in a more attractive environment. We've got bank lines in place right now; we've got $1.2 billion roughly of undrawn bank lines. So I think we've got a fair amount of flexibility there.  But certainly we're very focused on the balance sheet. I think on a longer-term basis we certainly would like to get debt down at 57% of debt plus equity at this point in time and I think as we think about the longer term, getting that down to somewhere between 45% and 50% is probably the right place for us to be. But at this point not a lot of concern about the 2012 maturity, but certainly it's on the radar screen.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates : Just quickly on the comment you guys made in the slide deck about the promotional activity in Decorative Architectural, I think, in the paints and stains. Can you just go into that a little bit?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Sure, Dennis. The paints and stains, we've launched our Premium Plus Ultra Interior and that's really a successful continuation of a family of products we brought out last year on the exterior.  And what you wind up getting with this product is you get superior hide characterizations and allows us to hide the deeper colors; you get a paint and primer in one. And what we find from a consumer's point of view is it takes less coats to get the job done, so it really makes painting a home simpler. The excitement in the aisle was a pleasant surprise for us because there's a higher price per gallon on this Ultra Interior, so really showing that if you have the right innovation and you're addressing a consumer need that you can upsell consumers even in a difficult time.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates : So when you're saying promotional you're saying marketing aspects, not necessarily discounting?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, there was more emphasis on advertising is, I think, what we were referring to when we talk about promotional activity. There were several spots on TV as well as other media.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates : On the Installation Services side you mentioned, obviously, at these levels of housing starts it can be incredibly difficult to be profitable. Can you give us some sense on maybe a range or some indication of where starts need to return to for you to have a shot based on the systems that you're putting in place now?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Dennis, we continue to look at different ways to continue to take costs out as we modify our product portfolio through the rationalization. It's a little bit of a moving target, but we believe that our breakeven point in that segment is somewhere between 700,000 and 800,000 housing starts and, to the extent we continue to take costs out, we can continue to move that down.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. And that's come down. We don't have a figure, but that's come down dramatically.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: And again, Dennis, that's an area that we'll spend a little bit more time on in the investor conference when we meet in September.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates : Can you walk though the major components of your $360 million cash flow guidance between the non-cash items, working cap and then I think you said you brought down maybe your CapEx expectations, where that is for the year?
John G. Sznewajs: The big buckets are net income of about $65 million loss, depreciation and amortization of approximately $255 million, our other non-cash, which includes share-based comp, minority interest and deferred taxes and some other things in there of about $150 million, working capital generation of $160 million, offset by CapEx of about $150 million, so that totals $360 million. 
Timothy Wadhams: Dennis, there's a slide in the deck - Slide 25, actually the last slide of the appendix - that has the detail that John just went through. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks or the lead-in, if you will, the improvement from $300 million to $360 million is really a decrease in the loss, which affects net income, by I think about $30 million, if I recall, and then a decrease in CapEx from $170 to $150 million. There's some plusses and minuses on D&A, working capital. Working capital will be a little less than we anticipated given the increase in sales guidance, but those are the major pieces.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Building on one of the last answers, with MCS you've been in the process of removing numerous traits from the portfolio. Can you tell us where you are on that and when you think you'll be done?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Yes, Keith. Good question.  It's hard to judge a point in time because what we've challenged that group to do is continue to evaluate whether or not the individual trait is accretive to their operating income and that answer tends to be different within some of the operating companies and others, within some of the divisions and others. So if I was going to give you where I think we're at, maybe at midpoint in getting through the product rationalization. I think we're being careful to make sure that we're making good decisions for both the current environment as well as the rebound. What we don't want to do is make decisions today that would impact our ability to really perform on the way back up. And we've also done a deep dive and it's really where do we really create a competitive advantage for ourselves related to our scale, and so we're looking at a bunch of different attributes other than just singular performance-based metrics to really understand on the way back up how we're going to have a compelling business model that gives us a competitive advantage in the marketplace.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: On thing that would be nice for the investor day, if we had some sort of a feel for the size of this business with the going forward traits, both historically and what you think it's going to look like in the future. 
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: And Keith, what we've said to that point - and we certainly will go into a lot of detail at the investor day - but what we've said is that so far and so consistent with the work we're doing today is that we believe by focusing on fewer traits with higher market share expectations of those traits we can offset any of the loss related to some of the smaller traits that we're no longer going to be performing. And we still feel very comfortable with that assumption.
Timothy Wadhams: And one thing that I think just to reiterate and point out, Keith, that's probably important here is that we'd be looking at a mix shift back to insulation from diversified products. Insulation has historically had a higher margin just in terms of return on sales.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Why is that? Why has it been a higher-margin business?
Timothy Wadhams: Primarily because of our ability to buy.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: I think if you really understand the manufacturing process, the manufacturers really need to run those furnaces all out. They have very little then can do to change the overall throughput of those furnaces, so it allows the scale to add some value to a manufacturer related to price. And I think we also are very, very efficient at it. It's how we started; it's a business that really started the whole Masco Contractor Services. And so we have a lot of efficiencies that we've gained over the years and we're obviously the largest buyer.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Unidentified Analyst] - J.P. Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst - J.P. Morgan: I was just hoping to get a little bit more color on the guidance given the margins were so strong in 2Q and your improved sales outlook for the back half of the year. What does that mean for margins in the back half? Are you guys expecting some sequential decline in margins going into 3Q and 4Q?
Timothy Wadhams:  Not necessarily. We don't give margin guidance typically. I think I did mention a little earlier that we currently anticipate that the second half in terms of top line is going to be somewhat comparable to the first half. I also mentioned that we had close to somewhere between $90 and $100 million of positive impact from the relationship of price and commodity and cost reductions come through. They were a little bit higher in the second quarter. We might have a little bit of upside to the midpoint of the guidance in the second half, but, again, it's very difficult to forecast, especially with a lot of the actions that are going on in the business units - not just the rationalization cost, charges and fixes that you're familiar with but a lot of the other profit improvement things that are going on. And the fourth quarter's always one of our lower quarters typically as well. I would say this: We don't necessarily see any deterioration in the second half and, to the extent that we continue to do a little better job on the cost side, there might be a little bit of opportunity for a little better performance than the first half. But, again, we'll wait and see how that comes out. You've got to keep in focus here that we're still looking at major sales declines in the second half. I mean, the comps are a little easier, but I think we're still projecting to be down 18% in the second half of the year and obviously that's got significant implications from a volume perspective.
Unidentified Analyst - J.P. Morgan: And then just a follow up on the pricing. Aside from the paint segment, are you guys seeing any other pricing pressure, mix shift, customers trading down in any of the other segments, specifically Cabinets and Plumbing?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I'm not sure we've talked about any specific pricing pressure, but we have pricing pressure with a variety of products. There's no question about that. That's been ongoing and is just a fact of life. Having said that, I think we've done a really good job over the course of the last three or four years in offsetting commodity cost increases. We've been able to do that. Sometimes there's a little bit of a lag in implementing that, but from our perspective we're in pretty good shape and, as I've mentioned earlier, we're anticipating that we're going to have about $120 million of positive impact this year between the relationship between price and commodities. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of perspective.  The other thing is that obviously we've got some really strong brands. And with some of the product innovation that Donny talked about, you know, that gives you an opportunity just in terms of bringing out new products that have features that people are looking for. That gives you a little bit more pricing power. 
Operator:  Your final question comes from David Goldberg - UBS.
David Goldberg - UBS: I want to go back to a conversation you guys had last quarter about the MCS business and trying to bring more repair/remodel activity into that business and focus a little bit more on that, and I'm just wondering how those plans are going and how that might eventually split out in terms of what's going to be new home construction versus repair/remodel.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: David, we continue to focus on opportunities to pursue the retrofits. There's a significant opportunity to re-insulate existing homes and there's stimulus money available to do that for the consumer. And MCS is really performing as a subcontractor to some of our retail partners who are doing lead generation and offering those services to homeowners, and MCS is doing the order fulfillment for several of our retail customers as well as their own activities. We've been following the stimulus trail and, as you know, that's a windy road through many, many places, through local organizations. When we met with a group recently we had contacted over 500 local organizations that are involved in this and getting the money to the market to weatherize homes, so we're on top of it. In addition, we mentioned earlier that we're incubating a new business in the retrofit arena that really is focused more on the whole home energy approach, very similar to our environments for living program, and we'll update you on both those initiatives at the investor's day on September 17th.
David Goldberg - UBS: I'm wondering as we look forward and think about free cash flow in the coming years if you can talk about the relationship between free cash flow and starts and if we were to see starts grow slowly/stay where they are for a couple of years, what kind of free cash flow generation would that imply?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think, David, to put it in perspective, right now new home construction represents about 25% of our business and so the real key going forward from that perspective is probably more on the repair/remodel side, the retail side. Having said that, I think from a modeling perspective whatever your top line assumption is, if you were to think in terms of inventories, receivables, payables - net of payables - averaging, just say, 16% of sales, you know, 15% to 16%, whatever your assumption is going forward, that's the amount of working capital we'll have to put back into the balance sheet absent any continued improvement in that.  And I would expect that we'll be able to do a little better than that. I mean, the guys are doing a great job. We're continuing to really get aggressive on the payables side and the inventory side. There's some additional opportunity there. But just from a modeling perspective I think if you were to use 15% to 16% you're probably in the ballpark. CapEx is probably going to run 2% to 3% of sales. As we've said in the past, we don't really need any brick-and-mortar. We certainly have adequate capacity to work ourselves back into a much more favorable situation relative to the top line, so I wouldn't anticipate that being significant absent some growth opportunity that might develop.
Operator:  And at this time I'd like to turn the call back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Michelle.  And if you could all flip to Slide 18, which is basically our promo for our investor's day, I'd like to thank you again for joining us. We continue to aggressively manage our cost structure and have worked very hard over the past several quarters to offset the impacts of the current economic environment on our businesses. Although we expect market conditions in the near term to be very challenging, we continue to be confident that the long-term fundamentals for new home construction and home improvement products are positive. That confidence is buoyed by the dedication and energy of the Masco team.  We believe we've made significant progress, transforming business models to enhance manufacturing flexibility, a better understanding of our customers' and ultimate end consumers' total experience with our products, working to enhance the quality and sustainability of our products and processes, driving continuous improvement in lean principles in everything we do, ensuring that our pipeline for innovation and new products and services is robust, and continuing to invest in development and opportunities for our employees worldwide that are making it all happen.  As we mentioned, the second quarter came in a little better than we anticipated a couple months ago. We're starting to see improvement in the relationship between selling prices and commodities and the benefits of the cost reduction and profit improvement initiatives our folks are driving across the company. These actions will not only continue to partially offset the impact of the significant volume declines we are experiencing but, importantly, contribute to the ongoing leaning of our cost structure. Forecasting business conditions continues to be very difficult, particularly given job losses and potential foreclosures. However, there are signs that the economy and housing and home improvement markets may be stabilizing. Government stimulus and liquidity programs are in place, mortgage rates are at historically attractive rates, sales of existing homes have ticked up, home prices appear to be stabilizing in certain markets, and, importantly, consumer confidence is improved from where it was a year ago.  There's a lot of energy at Masco and we will share that with you this fall at our investor conference on September 17th. Please hold that date. We will review with you how we are positioning Masco to win going forward. Thank you.
Operator:  And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Donald J. DeMarie, Jr. - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, VP and Treasurer Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman of the Board
Analysts: Budd Bugatch - Raymond James Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Daniel Oppenheim - Credit Suisse Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan David Goldberg - UBS Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation's 2009 first quarter conference call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and simultaneously webcast. If you have not received a press release and supplemental information, they are available on Masco's website along with today's slide presentation under the Investor Relations section at www.Masco.com. Before we begin management's presentation, the company wants to direct your attention to the current slide and the note at the end of the earnings release, which are cautionary reminders about statements that reflect the company's views about its future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures. After a brief discussion by management, the call will be opened for analysts' questions. If we are unable to get to your question during this call, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations Office at 3137925500. I would now like to turn the call over to Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead, Sir.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Bill. Good morning and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's first quarter 2009 earnings call. Joining me are Richard Manoogian, our Executive Chairman, Donny DeMarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and John Sznewajs, our CFO. I assume you all have the slide deck and if you could please flip to slide number 3. Obviously, the quarter was another difficult one and I would remind folks that from my seasonal stand point, the first quarter is typically our weakest quarter of the year from our revenue stand point. We were down 26% in the quarter to $1.8 billion in sales and we continue to see significant volume declines in both new home construction and home improvement markets both in North America and internationally and also had negative foreign currency impact in terms of sales of about $85 million.  Earnings per share were a loss in the quarter of $0.23 compared to $0.04 of income in the prior year and we will talk about EPS in a minute. Working capital was a very significant positive for us. We were able to reduce working capitals as a percent of sales defined as receivable plus inventories are less payable from 17.3% to 16% and we significantly enhanced our financial flexibility and I will move to the next slide. We did end the quarter with $800 million of cash and if you will move to Slide 4, we will talk about a couple of items that we had mentioned at our last call. First and we previously announced this, we did reduce the dividends from a quarterly perspective to $.075 from $.235 and that will save the company on an annual basis $240 million. In addition, in April (actually, just last week), the Company's bank group at the Company's initiation amended our Five-Year Revolving Credit Facility. In that process, we reduced the facility from $2 billion to $1.25 billion and you might remember that $2 billion was in place, several years ago, when we had a zero coupon, debt instrument outstanding and there was quit feature of that. So, we had some extra provision, if you will, in the bank agreement to cover that, lowering that from $2 billion to $1 and a quarter billion from our perspective was not a significant issue. Debt to total capitalization has been increased in terms of the covenant from 60% to 65%. At 331, we came in at 58% and I would point out that we were in compliance with our covenants as of 331. That would be the old covenants. In addition to the improvement from our perspective of the debt to total capitalization ratio, we also were able to put in place a basket of $500 million that would relate to any potential non-cash related charges or certain non-cash related charges primarily goodwill and/or other intangibles. We are not anticipating any issues at this point in time but that does give us some extra cushion, if you will or if we should have a good will impairment charge like we did last year at the end of the year. Even all that, our current borrowing capacity is the entire line. We do have the ability to draw the entire $1.25 billion that is a significant improvement from where we were at the end of the first quarter. You might remember as of the beginning of the year, we run a position where we can only draw $420 million and still comply with the covenant. We have been able to effectively triple that and we feel like that is a very positive outcome for the company. One other item I would like to mention on the slide is that we did repurchase $2 million shares of stock in the quarter and I want to make sure that there is no confusion. Our share repurchase program continues to be on-hold. The repurchase of these share is really an asset to shares issued for stock awards to our employees and I would remind, folks, as I mentioned, we did end the quarter with $800 million of cash and we continue to expect that we will end the year with approximately $1 billion of cash. If you flip the Slide 5, I mentioned that we lost $.23 in the quarter and that included $.04 related to rationalization charges; $.01 related to the curtailment of defined-benefit plans, we are transitioning from defined benefit pension plans to defined contribution plans and that will be effecting, or freezing defined benefit plans effective January-01,2010 and I caught this about a penny and we also had impairment charges and currency transaction impact in total of about $5 million which in aggregate is about a penny. We also, even though we are in a loss position, did have $.02 of tax expense in the quarter as we mentioned when we provided guidance earlier this year. Hopefully that gives you a little bit of perspective of what is in the earnings for the quarter. If you flip to Slide 6, from a consolidated basis, I mentioned we were down 26% in sales and again, that is obviously, significantly, driven by the decline in volume related to both new home construction and home improvement markets. That comment will be one that I will not repeat going forward. It does apply to segment discussions as well as North America and international. I would point out that our sales to key retailers in the quarter were down 11%. That compares with the fourth quarter decline of 14% and in a full-year 2008 decline of 12%. We had a lot of position from an operating profit stand point, as you can see, $7 million and again, that is related to the reduction in volume and the under absorption of fixed costs and also reflects the fact that we did $24 million of rationalization charges in the quarter as compared to $9 million in the prior year. If you flip to Slide 7, please, in North America we were down 24% and again, that is driven by volume in both of our major markets and obviously, in North America (as you can see in this slide) profits were down from 7.9% of sales to 1.3% of sales, again, reflecting the significant volume decline and the under-absorption of fixed cost. If you flip to Slide 8, our international operations were off 31% and that included approximately $74 million or 13% of the decline related to the impact of foreign currency reflecting the strength of the US $ primarily against the Euro as well as the British Pound. Again, significant volume declines for our European businesses, particularly in the United Kingdom, profits were down from 9.7% of sales to 3.9% of sales, again, reflecting the volume decline and the under-absorption of fixed costs. On Slide 9, this gives you a little bit of perspective in terms of the components of working capital. We talked about the percent of sales earlier and as you can see, we saw some improvement in both inventory and payables and certainly feels very, very good about the job that our folks are doing from an operating perspective to manage working capital. In the environment wherein with the significant reduction in sales that we have seen in the fourth quarter of 24% and 26% down in the first quarter, our folks had really stepped up and I think are doing an excellent job of managing the working capital side of the business. If you flip to Slide 10, I want to walk through the segments really quick. I will talk a little about cabinets. Cabinets were down 34% in the first quarter and again, similar situation as I mentioned earlier, significant volume declines in the major markets. We also add currency impact here of about $18 million which would have contributed to that sales decline and certainly had underperformance, if you will or challenged performance in our European businesses. Profits went from 4.7% which was $28 million last year to a loss of $28 million in the quarter and we did have $9 million of rationalization charges in this segment versus $1 million in the prior year. If you flip to Slide 11, in terms of plumbing, our sales were down 26% and again, significant volume declines both in North America and Europe and we did have approximately $57 million of negative currency impact related to our plumbing business which includes $11 million in North America. Profits were down in this segment from 12% to 5% of sales, again, reflecting the lower volumes and the under-absorptions of fixed cost primarily. If you flip to Slide 12, our installation and other services businesses, this business is pretty much a hundred percent related to new home construction. The sales there were down at 35%, another significant drop in terms of this particular segment and you can see the decline in profit with small loss or modest loss last year down to $36 this year and a slight increase in system's implementation cost year over, over year as a part of that. If you flip to Slide 13, on the brighter side of the business, this is our Decorative Architectural Products segments which includes paints and stains, as well as builders' hardware and sales here were up slightly at 2%. Margins and operating profit was relatively flat and that was driven by nice improvement in the builders' hardware side in the business even though we had lower sales there, we did have some reduced promotional and program related costs that helped the profitability of this particular segment. If you flip to Slide 14, Other Specialty Products which includes our window offerings in both North America and in the United Kingdom, again, significant volume declines in both of those markets drove the 32 % decline in sales. Profits went from an $8 million profit last year to a $7 million loss in this segment. There is a negative impact in terms of sales here of foreign currency of $10 million and again, this reflects lower volumes and the under-absorption of fixed costs. If you flip to Slide 15, this gives you a little bit of a summary of the actions that we have taken from our rationalization stand point over the course of the first quarter as well as on a total activity basis which goes back a couple of years and as you saw in the press release, we did incur about $24 million in the quarter, I mentioned that earlier. That compares with $9 million last year in the first quarter. We did close two additional plants and overall, our headcount reduction now, at this point in time, is down 27,000 people which represent about 50% of our North American workforce if you go back a little over a couple of years. We do have in the appendix, we included a breakdown of the restructuring cost in the first quarter by segment and we also have in there a summary of the 2007 and 2008 numbers. With that, if you would flip to Slide 16, before I turn this over to Donny, I have spent a lot of time talking about of some of things that we are doing to reposition our cost structure and I think we continue to make a lot of progress there, obviously, it is a challenging environment. But, one of the things that we think that we think is important for investors to understand is also the investments that we are making at the same time in the business to position our business for a long term growth and value creation. With that, I would like Donny to pick up the presentation. I will come back when Donny finishes and talk about guidance and then we will go to Q&A.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Thank you, Tim, and good morning. I would like to talk to you a little bit about what we are doing to really positions ourselves to win on a way out of this operating environment and really have focused our efforts in five areas. The first is realigning our cost structure for what is a new paradigm related to demand and with doing that we also have to adjust our supply chains to be more efficient at of those lower volumes. We are investing in our leadership brands, we are driving innovation and we have a strong focus on cash. Next slide, Slide 17, in our Cabinets and Related Products segment, there are key initiatives that have been around building our manufacturing capacity to be more flexible. Our North American Builder Businesses have now adopted a common architecture and we have completed the transformation of the first facility and our Merillat branded product is now on the common architecture and that now, I think, not only did we go to a common architecture for those products but we also have been able to increase the strength for that box. We feel very good about that. We have a world class lean organization on the builder cabinet side. We continue to invest in our leadership brands, Quality, Merillat, and KraftMaid and we are prepared for the future. We have a major ERP implementation on the Builder Cabinet Group and we have completed our first major milestone of that implementation with our first assembly plant which has been converted and we expect that project to complete the second quarter of 2010 on track. Next slide, Slide 18, we are very excited to tell you some of the awards we have won related to lean. We were one of the Ten Top Places to Work by iSixSigma, related to iSixSigma. We have won a Shingo Prize in the past and most recently, the Masco Builder Cabinet Group President Karen Strauss has been named the Sixth Sigma CEO of the year by Global Six Sigma Award and Karen will be accepting that award on June 24th at the Summit in Chicago At Slide 19 you will some of our new campaigns that we have been running related to KraftMaid. We really are engaged in the consumer to understand that the design capability of KraftMaid and they can really personalize that experience to reflect their own personality. Slide 20, in the Plumbing Products category, our key initiatives is in sourcing and supply chain has caught change and labor increases on outside of the United States. We really need to reexamine our entire cost position and we are doing that. We continue to invest our Leadership Brands with Delta and Hansgrohe and Brizo but we are also focused on having an innovation in this space. I will run to talk a little bit more about Diamond Seal in the future slide and also innovation, from our point of view, can be, now limited the new products but different ways to effect a market.  Slide 21, see a couple of examples on Slide 21 of our Delta and see what Delta Can Do Campaign. This campaign was design to get the consumer to reengage with the Delta Brands to see what the new styles and functions that we have out there.  Slide 22, our Diamond Seal Technology which we have brought out in the Delta branded product is really, there are two major innovations here. We have a new ceramic cartridge where we have a carbon film between the discs and by doing that, we no longer have to have any lubricant inside of that cartridge so it expands the life of the cartridge. We also have introduced a one-piece, we call InnoFlex water way where there is no connector house required but it also stops water from ever coming into contact with metal within the faucet. We are very excited about this innovation. Slide 23, our Hansgrohe is not only a design leader in Europe but it is also a remarkable company and been aiming to expand globally and today, we now are showing the Hansgrohe product in more than 70 markets outside of North America. Slide 24, our Installation of the Services segment, we can see rationalize product portfolio focusing on the most profitable products. We're driving innovation with the industry leading on green building program, our Environment for Living Program and we have partnered with GE to bring the Ecomagination Home Program for Life. We are also preparing for the future with the ERP implementation at Masco Contractor Services and we are in the middle of a full-blown roll out. That ERP roll out will also complete about this time next year. We are emphasizing more repair and remodel through our network of installers and we continue to open new locations for service partners just like distribution business within the segment. Decorative Architectural on Slide 25, the key initiatives are premium paints and stains that we brought out under the Nanoguard Technology. We brought out about a year ago our Premium Plus Ultra Exterior which is sold extremely well at retail and we have just introduced and are doing a launch into the Home Depot stores with our Premium Plus Ultra interior, a paint and primer in one and the picture on 25 is the new in cap display for that Premium Plus interior and we have a new website there to drive additional traffic to the brand and we have our new verve lighting control system.  On Slide 26, our Verve system changes the way people think about wiring in a home because there is no longer wiring required from switch to the fixture. The extra switch does not require any form of external energy. The flipping of the switch creates enough energy that can be harvested as a radio signal to the control panel. We are very excited about this innovation. We are think it will change the way homes are being built and we have now shipped their first orders and so this is an exciting time for us with this new product line.  On Slide 27 in our Other Specialty Products, our key initiative here was really taking a look at our supply chain and how we serve the markets more efficiently. We also have introduced a new opening price point product, our Simplicity Window under the low Nanoguard brand. We are excited about the opportunity this gives us as builders look to cope with competition from foreclosed homes and lower priced homes; we think this is the right product at the right time. I am closing my segment of the presentation with Slide 28 and we firmly believe at Masco that innovation is the life blood of our company. We have a culture and a long stand of history being very innovative but 2008 was a very, very strong year for us with 30% of our sales coming from products that we have introduced in the prior three years. So, it is a strong statement on our commitment to innovation and we hope that this will continue to go even higher from here. With that, I will return the call back to Tim Wadhams.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Donny. I appreciate it. If you could please flip to Slide 29, we will talk about our full-year guidance and I would remind everybody that in the environment we are in, providing guidance, forecasting business is extraordinarily challenging but we will update you as to where we see things at this point in time. We currently see our sales in terms of top line decline down approximately 20% to 25%. That is an increase in the decrease that we are anticipating in sales. Previously in our guidance, we mentioned that we anticipated sales to be down middle to high and obviously down 26% in the first quarter, as we said earlier, expect the first half to be difficult. We currently see how thing starts for the full year at approximately 550,000 and that is at the low end of the range that we provided back in February at 550,000 to 600,000. As a result, we currently anticipate that our loss will be in a range of negative $.15 to negative $.35 for the full year. Previously, our range was approximate break even to a $.30 loss. We continue to believe that we will generate free cash flow of approximately $300 million and there is a slide in the appendix that provides some detail by the major components of free cash flow in a full-year basis.  Our EPS includes rationalization charges which we anticipate will be approximately $.13 of share. Now, that relates the programs that we are already committed to and as we said in the press release, we will continue to evaluate the business and that it is possible that there could increase rationalization related charges. The $.13 is an increase from $.08 that we estimated back in the February call, an increase from $44 million to approximately $70 million for the full year. We continue to anticipate an increase in pension expense over the prior year. That estimate now is about $.05. I think previously, we suggested it might be $.06 and we continue to believe that we will have a tax expense notwithstanding the fact that we are anticipating the loss for the year somewhere around $.04 to $.06 this year. I would remind everyone that estimating taxes in the environment when you are around break even or slight loss is relatively difficult, the tax expense relates to jurisdictions that would include states and/or foreign locations where we have income where we are anticipating the heavy loss that would offset the tax expense. I will give you a little summary in terms of where we see our guidance and with that, Bill; I think we can open up the lines for Q&A. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Budd Bugatch - Raymond James.
Analyst for Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Good morning, everyone. This is Chad filling in for Budd. First question, in regards to the reduction and the revenue outlook, we took things down from mid to high teens to down 20 to 25 and housing starts, you are assuming are at the low-end of the previous range and key retailers' sales in the quarter were actually pretty consistent with what you had talked about for the full-year run rate last quarter. Obviously, Q1 sales, I would assume that they were below the internal expectation for the quarter but I guess what really drove their reduction? Are you assuming if Europe weakening worsens, is there an expectation for a retail to get worse in the United States or are you just adding some more conservatism?
Tim Wadhams: No. I would not fairly say conservatism. This is basic, we build up our forecast from the bottom up and one thing that I would point out is that we currently estimate that foreign translation will cost us about $300 million for the full year and that we add about $85 million in the first quarter. We are anticipating that we will have, probably, the rest of that will be evidenced in the second and third and third quarter. Now, we had a pretty good hit in the fourth quarter of last year as the dollar started to strengthen. So, I think, Chad, it reflects that, it reflects, just in general, I think, a little bit more slowing. Our first quarter came in. A couple of percentage points lower than we anticipated when we talked to folks back in February and that was really kind of across the board if you will. I think that when we think about the additional sales decline really is pretty much across all the businesses both international as well as repair, remodel, and new home construction.
Analyst for Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Okay. Given that reduction to the revenue outlook, I would have anticipated a bigger hit to the EPS outlook. Could you kind of maybe walk us through or help quantify some of the incremental benefits that you expect will offset deleverage?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Actually, (that is a very good question, Chad), as we talked in the first quarter when we provide the guidance, we anticipated that at that point in time that we would achieve about $120 million of cost-structure improvement over last year. That broke down about $60 million related to savings from some of the actions that we have taken. The other $60 million was related to the relationship between price and commodities and that is total $120 million roughly. We currently believe that that number is going to be closer to $200 million. We currently believe that with some of the actions that we took in the first quarter including a headcount reduction at the corporate, another plant closure in the Cabinet business, that the savings that we are expecting year should approximate $80 million and I would point out everybody that we have taken a lot of charges and we have talked about the benefits related to those charges but the other thing that I think is important for folks to know is that we have had an on-going focus on productivity of profitability improvement, if you will. Donny talked a little bit about lean principles in the cabinet group.  So, there are a lot of other actions that take place within the Company whether it is material appliance related or in a variety of various where we obviously attempt to improve our operations on a day in, day out basis. We are currently anticipating about $80 million in terms of saving and we currently anticipate that the relationship between price and commodities will generate about $120 million in terms of improvement over the prior year. I would point out that from a price stand point that is not anticipating any significant additional improvement in price across the board. Most of the price increases that we have been pursuing are in place, there are a few that we will continue to pursue and again, we do not get specific by customer or by product line there. But I would say that a lot of it relates to the anniversary of price and also the expectation that will see commodity prices decline and the price commodity relationship does have implications to all of our segments.  Just to give you a little perspective of where we see those benefits resulting, we would guess out of the $200 million that about 35% to 40% of that would relate to our plumbing segment and most of that is related to the relationship between price and commodity. We also expect in that segment to see some savings from a cost-reduction stand point in the back half of the year and a lot of it relates to our European operations. We might remember that we did have, after a number of charges late last year related to Europe. We also think that about 20% to 25% of the $200 million would relate to our installation business. Again, most of that would relate to savings action which would affect the back half of the year. Obviously, you are aware, we have closed the number of branches and have significant headcount reductions in that business and we would expect to see the benefits of that flow through the latter part of this year. In addition, in terms of savings, Cabinets, the corporate office, our Other Specialty segment would represent about 10% of the $200 million each and that would be the same for our decorative architectural products group. The savings, the Cabinet corporate and other more of on a saving side as opposed to the price commodity relationship and a little of both in terms of our decorative architectural products. The commodities we are talking about include energy, natural gas, brass petroleum based products including resins for windows as well as glass and in the first quarter, we estimate, we might see in about $20 to $30 million of benefit from activity in the first quarter. I am giving a kind of a long answer here, Chad, but I think, hopefully this is hopeful to others. We have seen some positive signs in the numbers. Our SG&A spending has been down, now pretty significantly the last two quarters. We were down $64 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. Down another $60 million in the first quarter of 2009 in terms of total SG&A spend and I think you probably saw that our general corporate number was down from $43 million in the first quarter last year to $33 this year.  The other thing that I would point out is that we did see an improvement in our detrimental margin or detrimental margin decline in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. You might remember, last year, we ran a detrimental margin for the full year at about 34%. That number was closer to 26% in the first quarter of 2009. I think that is certainly evidence that we are seeing some improvement and we also, we are only down 190 basis points in gross margin in the first quarter compared to last year's first quarter, the fourth quarter, we were down 400 basis points and if you compare first quarter gross margin with fourth quarter, we are actually up 190 basis points. I think that gives you a little bit of perspective in terms of where we see that $200 million showing up over the course of the year and again, I would point out that much of that is anticipated in the second half of the year.
Analyst for Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: That is very helpful. Thank you very much and good luck on the year.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: First question is if Donny, maybe you could talk a little about the plumbing supply chain initiatives. I am just trying to get an understanding of maybe the breadth and the scope there which is kind of gone from looking at the supply chain and looking overseas in low cost countries and now it sounds like the labor equation has changed. So, just trying to figure out how significant is the work that you have to do there relative to the undertaking that you have in Cabinets for example?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Yes, Pete, I would be happy to make a few comments. Right now, we are in the process of two things going on in the plumbing supply chain and primarily talking about our North American operation. One is we have a significant conversion to our Diamond Seal Technology which the supply change dramatically because we are going from my ball valve to a ceramic cartridge and we are going from really a metal body and a connector hose to a one-piece InnoFlex water way. So, that changes the supply chain dramatically as we convert more and more the Delta product to Diamond Seal Technology (DST) which is the internal for Diamond Seal Technology (DST). The second thing we are looking at on the Delta is really more along our opening price point product and exactly, what is the right supply chain to do that in a way that it drive s the lowest total cost and does not impact the quality or the ability to proliferate that brand aiming for the appropriate retailers here in North America. We started that work, Pete. It is not complete. Hopefully we, I am going to talk a little bit about the next conference we got later in the year. Hopefully we can update you at that point. I will tell you that our opinion that price cost changes have been pretty dramatic and we think that you will see some pretty significant changes in a way under which we source those products.
Tim Wadhams: Definitely one thing, the good point out there that Donny alluded to is that we have got the flexibility to really take advantage of whatever the most cost effective approach is with some of the capabilities that we have in the Far East. So, it gives us the opportunity to manufacture here or there defending on things like freight, labor cost et cetera. 
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great! This is the second time I sort of heard migration to open price points window business and now plumbing. Is there broader strategic shift or if that just have been under penetrating opportunity for you as you kind of look across the portfolio business?
Timothy Wadhams: I think it is both, Pete. If we look across with our view of what happens on our way back out is that we think for a very significant period of time that if you look at new home construction, we are going to be competing with the lower home prices which will for surely our Builder customers to the content. We also have consumers who, we believe, coming out of this are going to be more conservative in a way that they purchase and we look at some of our opening price point products especially on the window side with no guard has really been positioned as amid the high branded product. We really did not have a way to penetrate that market without discounting a product that we did not believe was appropriate to discount. So, Simplicity for us does two things. It is an opening price point on the no-guard product but also protects our no-guard branded product from further discounting.  On the plumbing side, we really have a wonderful opportunity with a fare list product to continue to penetrate that opening price point and so you will see, I was getting more aggressive with really trying to use that to attack the opening price point.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Excellent! That is very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Oppenheim of Credit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much. It is a similar question there is a lot of talk about terms of investing leadership brands, but also lots of favorable product mix impacting the profits. Can you tell me how much the margins were impacted with the trading down as you are investing in, and the cost for the investing for leadership grants, how much is going there versus the new product and everything about sells in 2010? How much will we see coming from investments products that are coming out now in business with a low price point?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think, the first part of your question, Dan, related to where we have seen mix related issues in the quarter and that will include in cabinets where we have seen a migration to lower price points and then with certain offerings in Europe and a little bit lower mix in terms of just channel if you will. In addition, in plumbing, we had a little less rich mix primarily because some of the project work that Hansgrohe has been able to win in the Middle East had slowed down in the first quarter. We do understand that that is peaking up in terms of opportunity for us going forward. We are encouraged by that but we did have a little less exposure there. In the other specialty segments, I think on the window side, I do not know that we had a mix issue related to that but I think you will probably be primarily in the cabinets and plumbing.  Donny, is there any other any other segment that you are aware of where we had any trade down maybe?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: No. I think we just have to be careful that that mix can be more than just trade down. For example, if you look at installation services where the average home size has come down dramatically, that also creates some unfavorable mix and as housing starts to come down and then they become smaller, it impacts really our take per unit as well. So, I think we are just seeing the overall less demands, smaller homes; opening price point product has just become a bigger issue for them.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. The other thing, Dan, too, that we should mention is on our distribution business. We have seen a shift to a lot more roofing related material which tends to a little bit lower margin as well. There are some examples that are kind of sprinkled throughout the business. Dan, could you kind of repeat the other part of your question, please?
Daniel Oppenheim of Credit Suisse: Just wondering, just a few things about the margins; first, how much is good to get that clarity and how much is the margin or what you think was coming from that
Timothy Wadhams: That would be tough for us to go on to find, Dan. I would say that when you look at our numbers and you look at the significant declines in those groups, we are down to 30% or 35 % in a couple of them. Most of the margin decline is tied to the significant volume reductions. That is not to say there is not some impact from mix but again, I think that the different terms of thinking about it, I think more about the volume side of the business.
Daniel Oppenheim of Credit Suisse: Great! The second; I just wondering if we look out to 2000 and we are just thinking about where you are now, what percentage of your sale that you would say that your leadership brand and where do you see that shifting? How much of the shift you are expecting there?
Timothy Wadhams: We have a very strong brands across almost every one of our segments and I would think that in next year that we would continue, I am anticipating, next year is going to be better than this year and so I would expect that we ought to see some improvement across the board whether it is KraftMaid, Merillot, the Quality Brands and our Cabinet Group, Hansgrohe, Delta Faucets as well as [Baird] which continues to take share and [Mill Guard]. I would expect all of those to continue to do well next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: I appreciate the detail on some of the benefits by segment that was very helpful. First question on the free casual forecast that you provided later, I think in page 38. I just wanted to know. You may have other non-cash of $145. I was wondering if you could go on a little more detail on that and also if you are considering perhaps taking another shot at the dividends to lower that and if there are any other areas of potential upside either at through asset sales or the like to both of that cash generation this year or next? Certainly perhaps to make things more increase some flexibility in front of the 2012 maturity.
Timothy Wadhams:  In the other non-cash, Mike, what we have in there is we have stock based compensation. We also have minority interest as well as deferred income taxes make up the $145. There is also probably a little bit of non-cash charges that would flow through that line item. That is what comprises that. Your second question on the dividend, no. At this point in time we are not thinking about or considering any reduction in the dividend. We did that very thoughtfully I think back in the early part of this year and as we mentioned we certainly feel like on an annual basis, $105 million is something that we can handle given that we continue to anticipate having good cash generation capability. In terms of upside to the free cash flow forecast, I do think there is a little of upsize here. There is a possibility that CapEx could come in a little bit below. What we are looking at here at a $170 million. There is also certainly the possibility that we will do a little better on the working capital side. We have incentives in place across the Company, from a working capital management standpoint, balance sheet management standpoint and as you can tell form the first quarter I think this is one of the first times we have had a significant reduction in the first quarter versus prior year. Typically those have run pretty consistently so you can see from that but the guys are getting after it so I would say that we have got a little bit of upside here. I would guess that it might be $29 million to $25 million max.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: Okay I appreciate that. The second question is just on going back to some of the restructuring actions over the past 12 months, in particular talking about the cabinets. One of the thoughts given out was that you do not want cut too much so that once you get out of the down part of the cycle you will be able to capture all the upside potential but there was talk of keeping overall capacity to potential housing start number of, I remember hearing it like $1.8 million type of upside scenario. Given that probably pretty far out at this point, where is your cabinet capacity in terms of total upside there or that up cycle start number capacity and given that we are distraught you might be at this depressed level for an extended period of time. What further actions are or how you are thinking about that business in terms of taking more aggressive right size.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: On the cabinet side, I think it is important to think about cabinets as being a very integrative system supply chain and to really attack that [Inaudible/Distortion] you have to delayer the interdependency so that you can get further after it. We started that by really understanding what those interdependencies were and then what did we have to do so we could eliminate some of those relationships so we can continue to drive further cost out. We have done that on the builder cabinet side related to the common architecture and as it was rolled out that give us further options. We also have talked about a more normal housing market and integrate our manufacturing capability to serve a housing market in the 1.2 to 1.8 range. We believe that we could optimize our cost position within that range of housing starts. Today obviously that appears to be further out. We still have confidence that the housing market will return to that kind of range given the demographics and the demand drivers but we are looking at cost. If you look at what we did, we mothballed two of our facilities, our West Jordan facility and [Inaudible] facility because we felt both those would be needed in a more normal market. We have continued to take a cost out and we will do so and as we continue to complete to ERP implementations and some of the things that we do on a common architecture it really gives us further ability to continue t drive cost out of the business.
Timothy Wadhams:  One thing I would mention Mike, Donny mentioned mothballing two plants so that currently cost us about $14 million to $15 million on an annual basis. I think it was about 12 of that is depreciation so most of it is non-cash. We certainly think that makes sense for the longer haul as Donny indicated.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: One last one if I could, just on the installation services. Last quarter excluding the charges, you had a slight profit, this quarter you slipped back probably to base negative number to date. Any thoughts in terms of maybe more drastic action, I understood that earlier you were trying to reduce some of the product portfolio and get out some of the money losers, so to speak. What shall we expect from that segment over the next few quarters?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: I think we are doing all the right things there. Hey continue to address their cost. There are some additional ERP related charges in the quarter versus last year but they are really doing all the right things. If you look at their decline in revenue versus the decline in profit you will see how aggressive they have been and be able to get after their cost structure. In trying to deal with a market where permits were down again year over year or quarter over quarter north of 40%, with a revenue decline of only 30% to 35% you also could make a strong argument that the gain in share because within that number we are also exiting some products that we no longer believe are profitable and we are dealing with smaller home sizes. So the key for me in that segment is to continue to take the cost spaces down. Continue to minimize our operating losses because on the way back up, I think we are going to be in a much stronger cost position as well as a stronger share position to really capitalize on the way back up. We are excited about the opportunity within that segment and continue the things that we are doing. We also mentioned that we have challenged that group, the leadership team to get more active in the retrofit market and we have been very active with the understanding how the money is going to roll out into those segment and with our basis in building science and environments for living we think that that is great play, I also think if you will see a little bit of our commitment to that segment with the 2 new Greenfield locations that we have opened as service partners to continue to expand our distribution base. Although a challenging environment for installation services at this level housing starts we think there is a pretty bright future.
Richard A. Manoogian:  Mike this is Richard A. Manoogian, if I can make one comment too on your question of excess capacity. As you know this cycle and I have been through cycles over 50 years and has been worst than any of the ones we have seen both in the sense of depths of the decline, unprecedented levels out as well as the scope of the decline affecting home improvement new construction. A lot of things which often were countersignals of one another but historically Masco has gained market share more rapidly during economic declines than in normal economic environments. One other thing that I think is going to be different in this cycle is in this cycle, unlike other ones, in previous cycle we saw very little change n the competitive environment across the board among our competitors. I think in this cycle because of the depths and the severity of the cycle we are going to see competitors go out of business. Capacity be reduced s that I will be surprised if we do not gain even more market share in this cycle than we have in past cycles which is another reason why having that excess capacity might well be a competitive advantage to us down the road.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Goldberg - UBS
David Goldberg  UBS:  The first question is I want to get little bit deeper into some of the changes in MCS and specifically the move towards maybe taking on small repair of model at work and the question is really how it affects the operating leverage in the business and what kind of margin you can generate on repair model activity relative to new home construction where you might be doing multiple steps in the process.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.:  We really focus on that product portfolio to those products that we think that we have the greatest scale to be able to generate the highest level of profits. The other thing that is really important with MCS as we went through the ERP roll out implementation but eliminating that and those number of products reduces the variability and the complexity which drives a tremendous amount of cost out for that organization as a whole. We started looking at those 40 different products. There really was not a velocity and the majority of those products to create any type of scale that are efficiencies and it what it was doing was really create a lot of cost and complexity throughout the organization. Do we think that we will be a stronger and a more profitable with fewer products and we will go after a higher share of those products that were remaining? On the retrofit side we really have created a separate organization called Masco Home Services to really become the front end of consumer and that organization will do the lead generation or the interaction with the consumer and Masco Contractor Services will become a subcontractor to Masco Home Services. We understand very well as Masco Contractor Services does things and scale but do not interface with consumers so we created a separate organization to do the consumer interface and also to then interact with both the local and state governments in accessing the incentive funds that are available for retrofit application. So we feel really good about that and I would mention that the environment for a living program is also a part of the Masco Home Services so as that as we o continue to expand our industry leading building program that same building science that we are using to make more homes, new homes more efficient is the exact the same tool that we need to improve the performance of existing homes. Those employees that have been going on new home to make them more efficient for our builder customers are now going on existing homes and creating a list of those types of activities that need to take place to make the existing home more efficient and so we think we have the right plan to go to market. We think it leverages our cost structure very well but also provide what we think is a tremendous experience for the consumers to interact with an organization that is focused 100% on delivering quality experience for them.
David Goldberg - UBS: Donny, help me understand though the MCS business now have 12 products in the construction process, right? So 12 products or how I would think about it, I would guess the Masco Home Services will be lot fewer products and maybe one at a time since it is a direct retrofit business and I guess what I am trying to understand is what is the profitability of doing that in a one off basis versus when we are installing multiple products at the same time.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Right, I think what you have to realize is on the MCS side event though it is multiple products going in the same home they all happen within a construction schedule. Meaning they happen on a day under which the schedule will occur so although we may do 4 or 5 products they may not be sequential in nature and their dependency is based on the product that occurs before them being completed until the next one occurs. The scale for MCS is really, really the strength of that organization is by being able to do so many homes and being able to leverage that purchasing power to then deliver across more than any one builder or any one community or multiple communities but to really take in the total demand on those products. On the Masco Home Services side, you are right, a lot of that work is going to be weather stripping, air filling, filling of ducts, re-insulation and where we will create that scale is really leveraging MCS to do the retrofit insulation where we already have the equipment, the machinery and the products and the inventory. The actual consumer interface where we will be doing the testing, caulking and the weather stripping will be done by the folks that are currently doing the work for the builder community and the Environments for Living Program. So you have got to do the energy audit. The margins on that side of the business are actually really good because what you have is the opportunity to create that experience. We also have significant payback because if you look at how inefficient the homes are we are able to do work in these homes to improve the efficiency of the home so the consumer has the compelling value for them and given some of the incentives ops to really invest in their home and get a significant payback on their future utility cost.
David Goldberg  UBS: A quick follow-up question. I was wondering when you talk about the sensitivity of your cash flow estimates to do the starts number and what I am really trying to understand is let us say that, I know everybody thinks that this downturn is going to last a bit longer and certainly it ill but let us say that starts maybe start to accelerate a little bit, can you keep the working capital reduction down to the point that you can generate more free cash flow because starts is going up and because the business is getting better or does it require you to start building the working capital again.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: David if the business starts to take off which obviously we anticipate at some point here. We will have to replenish working capital. There is no question about that now. The question is how much will have to do and with our folks as focused as they have been, I think we can do a very good job in managing that. One of the big challenges for us is as we try to win principals and continuous improvement into the business can we eliminate some capital expenditures. Can we improve our processes? We are doing some guys work around process improvement as well as shop force stuff. So we think that there will be opportunities to do a better job but there is no question that as we come back out of this we will have to put more money into working capital.
Operator: 
 :
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities:  I just wanted to go back to the change in the forecast in their earnings that you have laid out. The change in sales, with FX and $200 million, that is what you have got in January and it is roughly $300 set to go up at 1%. It looks like all the changes basically related to remodeling, is that correct?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: No, I think there is some impact related to international operations beyond foreign exchange as well as on the new home site.
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities: Over in Europe is what you are saying?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.:
Yes, but the new homes are in North America as well.: 
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities:  Right it seems like you only take it from the 550 to 600 range that is why I am focusing n the remodeling dropping off some
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: There will be a slight drop, yes there is no question but there are still some implications there.
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities: Relative to the decline obviously in the remodeling demand, how do you think inventories are at the retail level?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: I am not aware of any significant issues, if anything maybe a little on our lower side. They have been managing inventory but we have not necessarily seen any issues in our product lines that have been neither helpful nor hurtful.
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities: Your expected savings now. You have talked about this $120 number moving up to about $200 million so an $80 million change and $60 of that was related to pricing commodities, Is that correct?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Yes
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities: With the cost savings, I get it, is you are obviously restructuring bur since the majority of that majority of that was really tied to commodities that were beyond your control. How do you think about the risk of that benefit being mitigated in terms of pricing as other manufacturers will also get that benefit?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: I think there are certainly some risks to those numbers but I would like to think that those are positive situations if in fact we are in a situation where we trade price for volume. You have to make those decisions on the fly and there will be discussions like that but I think what we are really reflecting there is probably a little lower corporate discount to our business units anticipated a little earlier in the year. So we have got more visibility now than we did six weeks in mid February and do feel comfortable that we should be able to deliver those numbers late this year.
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities: So when you are talking pricing, you are talking about in terms of discounts that are actually discounts that you would have expected to give to the customers?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: No we are talking about price commodity relationship, what we are talking about is the relationship going forward compared to where we were last year where we had I think three segments, Cabinets, decorative architectural as well as I believe other specialty and a little bit in plumbing where material cost was up. As I have mentioned there has been some price increases implemented that will anniversary this year. Operator I think we will cut it off there in terms of questions and as the operator mentioned earlier we can certainly handle any calls that you might want to send it later on we will be available all day. I would like to have you move to Slide 31 if you would please in your deck, and I would like to thank all of you for joining us today. We continue to aggressively manage our cost structure and have worked every hard over the last several quarters to offset the impact of the current economic environment on our business. Although we expect market conditions in the near term to be very challenging we continue to be confident that the long term fundamental for the new home construction and home improvement markets are positive. That confidence is buoyed by the dedication and energy of the Masco Team. We believe we have made significant progress transforming models to enhance manufacturing flexibility, better understanding of our customer and ultimate end consumers total experience with our products. We are working to enhance the quality and sustainability of our products and services. Driving continuous improvement in lean principle in everything we do, insuring that our pipeline for innovative new products and services is robust and continuing to invest in the development and opportunities of our employees worldwide that are making all of these happen. While forecasting is fraught with risks we are also encouraged, maybe cautiously optimistic is a better term that we are seeing positive signs in the economy. Government and stimulus and liquidity programs are in place and seem to be working. Mortgage rates are at an all time lows. Refinancing activity has increased. Affordability has improved and importantly consumer confidence has picked up. We believe that we are seeing signs that housing and home improvement markets appear to be bottoming or at least they are not getting worst at this point and time. There is a lot of energy in Masco and we will share with you this fall in our Investor Conference on September 17. Please hold that date and we will review how we are repositioning Masco to win. Thank you very much.
Operator:  That does conclude todays conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-12 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Donald J. DeMarie, Jr. - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President John G. Sznewajs - Chief Financial Officer, VP and Treasurer Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman of the Board
Analysts: Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan Budd Bugatch - Raymond James Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey [Mike DeLong] - Credit Suisse
Operator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation's 2008 fourth quarter conference call.  As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and simultaneously webcast. If you have not received a press release and supplemental information, they're available on Masco's website along with today's slide presentation under the Investor Relations section at www.Masco.com. Before we begin management's presentation, the company wants to direct your attention to the current slide and the note at the end of the earnings release, which are cautionary reminders about statements that reflect the company's views about its future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures. After a brief discussion by management, the call will be opened for analysts' questions. If we are unable to get to your question during this call, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations Office at 3137925500. I would now like to turn the call over to Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead. 
Timothy Wadhams :  Thank you, [Jamie], and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's 2008 earnings call. Joining me are Richard Manoogian, our Chairman, Donny DeMarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and John Sznewajs, our CFO.  And if you would please flip to Slide 3, I'd like to start with a quick overview of the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter was a continuation of what has obviously been very difficult operating environment for the company. Our sales were down 25% in the quarter. Earnings per share excluding non-cash impairment charges for goodwill and other intangible assets were $0.18 loss, and that compares on the same basis with $0.19 of profit, if you will, per share in the fourth quarter of 2007. On an as-reported basis, including the goodwill impairment charge, our loss would have been $1.45 in the quarter. We'll reconcile earnings per share, talk a little bit about earnings per share in a couple of slides. If you would please flip to Slide 4, I mentioned the impairment charge for goodwill and other intangible assets. That aggregated $467 million pre tax, $445 million after tax, and I would point out that the majority of that charge related to businesses in the United Kingdom in the Cabinets, Plumbing and Other Specialty Products areas. If you would flip to Slide 5, I mentioned EPS at $0.18 loss for the quarter. That's a little bit above our guidance. Our guidance that we gave out for the full year, which you could have backed into the quarter during our third quarter conference call was for a loss of $0.06 to $0.11 in the quarter. We did have $0.08 of rationalization related charges in the quarter. That was $0.02 more than we anticipated when we talked with investors back in October. We also did not anticipate impairment charges for financial investments or currency transaction losses.  Together those three items - the additional $0.02 of rationalization charges, the impairment charges and currency transaction losses - aggregate $0.09 and had we not incurred those we would have been at about a $0.09 loss, which would have put us right about in the middle of the range that we had provided earlier. We also anticipated that sales in the fourth quarter would only be down 20% versus the 25% that we actually incurred. If you'll flip to Slide 6, on a full year basis our sales from continuing operations were down 17% and that equates to $1.9 billion for the full year in terms of reduced sales. Again, from an EPS standpoint, excluding the impairment charge for goodwill and other intangibles, earnings per share would have been $0.18 for 2008 on a full year basis and that compares on the same basis to $1.59 in 2007. Including the goodwill impairment charge, we would have had a loss for the full year of 2008 of $1.08. We did end the year with over $1 billion of cash. During the year we did complete a divestiture plan that we announced in February of last year, generating about $174 million of proceeds, and that was completed in the third quarter as we previously communicated. And we also had a relatively strong year from a cash flow standpoint, generating $560 million of free cash flow before dividends. If you flip to Slide 7, I'll mention the $0.18 of earnings excluding the goodwill impairment charge. I wanted to give you a flavor for some of the major items that impacted our earnings in full year 2008 for your modeling purposes. EPS does include $83 million of rationalization charges. That's a pre-tax number. That equates to $0.15 a share. Impairment charges for financial investments were $55 million pre tax. That's about $0.10. Currency transaction losses were $31 million pre tax or $0.06 a share.  In addition, we had a negative impact from an increased tax rate. As we mentioned at the beginning of the year, we did repatriate some earnings from international operations to take advantage of foreign tax credits and as a result our tax rate was about $0.18 higher than it would have otherwise been at a 36% normalized rate. If you think about all those adjustments and the $0.18 that we actually reported, in total that would get you to about $0.65 in thinking about a run rate, if you will, for 2008.  If you would flip to Slide 8, please, this gives you a perspective of our consolidated financial performance in terms of operating margin and sales. Sales were impacted both in the fourth quarter and for the year by the continued decline, the accelerating decline, in new home construction and repair/remodel markets that have affected us both in the United States and in Europe.  Having said that, I would point out that one of the other key metrics for us, sales to key retail customers, were down 14% in the fourth quarter. Every quarter during 2008 we were down double digits in terms of this important metric and finished the year down 12% in terms of sales to key retail customers.  I would also point out that our mix has changed in terms of sales to new home construction versus repair/remodel. We currently estimate at the end of 2008 that we were about 35% for the full year in terms of sales to new home construction versus about 40% in the previous year. And if anything, that ratio is getting smaller or the percentage, if you will, of new home construction-related activity is getting smaller.  Operating margins were down 460 basis points from 10.2% to 5.6% and that's a GAAP number, excluding the goodwill impairment charge. We had obviously negative impact from the volume drop in terms of our operating profit. We also had under absorbed fixed costs, a less favorable product mix, and in a couple of our segments increased material costs, which were partially offset by selling price increases. If you flip to Slide 9, this gives you a snapshot of our North American operations with the fourth quarter down 24% and the full year down 19% in terms of sales, with operating profit off 480 basis points from 12.2% to 7.4%. If you flip to Slide 10, this gives you a little summary of our international operations. The fourth quarter was down 26% for our international operations in terms of sales and the full year was off about 6%. In local currencies the fourth quarter declined 14% and on a full-year basis sales in local currencies were down 10%. We did see a significant swing in the fourth quarter in terms of currency translation. We had a negative impact from the strengthening of the dollar in the quarter of about $70 million and on a full-year basis sales were enhanced by $76 million in terms of foreign translation. For our international businesses, operating margins on a full year basis were down from 9.7% to 6.6%, and that's 290 basis points. And that includes a fair number of rationalization-related charges. I think in the fourth quarter alone we had about $15 million related to our international businesses. If you flip to Slide 11, as I mentioned earlier, I mentioned a little bit about the rationalization costs and mentioned that we incurred about $83 million for plant closures, headcount reductions and other initiatives that we've been pursuing. That compares with $79 million in full year 2007.  And obviously we've had to make some very difficult decisions, take some very difficult actions to address the environment we've been operating in. As we have done, we'll update some of the activity that has taken place at Masco since late 2006, when our markets started to decline. Since that timeframe we have closed 17 manufacturing facilities, and that includes plants that were either announced for closure or actually closed. Six of those have taken place in 2008. In addition, we've closed over 80 facilities in our Installation related business and have reduced our headcount by 23,000 people, including about 12,000 or 13,000 in 2008.  I would like to point out - I think we've mentioned this in the past - that one of the other actions that we've taken is a restructuring of executive compensation to put much more emphasis on variable compensation or pay for performance. That includes base salary reductions on a relative basis, including a freeze for a two-year period, and I would point out that we did not, from an executive perspective, earn any bonuses in 2008.  If you flip to Slide 12, gross profit in 2008 was down 250 basis points compared to 2007, down from 27.3% to 24.8%. And again, that reflects the significant reduction in sales volume as well as the other items I mentioned earlier, the under absorption of fixed costs, etc.  In terms of SG&A, although our actual spend was down $144 million, SG&A as a percent of sales has gone up from 17.2% to 19.1%, about 190 basis points. We did have about a $20 million reduction in share-based compensation for 2008 compared to 2007. That was offset by increased bad debt expense, litigation expense, both which approximate about $10 million, and in 2007 we had a gain of $9 million on the sale of a building. I would also point out that although advertising and promotional dollars are down '08 versus '07, the percent is up somewhat, reflecting some of the new product rollouts that we've got in a couple of areas. If you flip to Slide 13, this gives you a perspective in terms of working capital management for the year, and you can see that our working capital, defined as receivables plus inventory less payables, went down from 15.4% to 14.7% in comparison to the prior year. I would point out that the drop in the dollar - excuse me, the strengthening of the dollar in the fourth quarter did contribute about probably 40 basis points to that ratio.  I think you can also see that the days for inventory payables and receivables are pretty much in line with the prior year and where they've been historically, and I think that's a credit to our operating guys. Donny and John, and the rest of the team have done a very good job in a very tough environment, particularly given the velocity of the sales drop and some of the issues around credit and bad debts.  If you flip to Slide 14, this gives you a little perspective of our segment results for the full year. And, again, the margins here are GAAP margins without the goodwill or excluding the goodwill impairment numbers. And you can see the fairly dramatic declines in Cabinets, Installation and Other Specialty - 29% and 23% - for the full year. Those are segments that have a fairly significant content relative to new home construction. In the fourth quarter, cabinet sales were down 27%. Plumbing products was down 22% in the fourth quarter, after going through the first nine months down just slightly in terms of sales. Installation and other services were off 36% in the fourth quarter. Decorative Architectural was off 5%, and Other Specialty products were down 29% in the fourth quarter.  And one thing that we've talked a little bit about in the past is that our contribution margins average about 30%. In a couple of those segments - that would include Cabinets, Decorative Architectural and Other - we have seen decremental margins that are slightly higher than that. Cabinets have been impacted throughout the year by significant drops in volume, under absorption of overhead, as well as some mix-related issues, movement towards lower price point products. In terms of decorative architectural, the volume drop, along with material costs and some promotional-related costs have impacted us there. And in Other Specialty we've had some material-related issues as well as the under absorption of overhead relative to the significant volume drops.  If you move to Slide 15, I want to talk a little bit about guidance. Needless to say, providing guidance in the environment we're in right now is certainly beyond challenging. Having said that, as we have analyzed our business and re-analyzed our business over the last several months, we currently anticipate that our sales will decline somewhere in the mid to high teens percent range. And to give you perspective, the middle of that would be approximately 16% - 17% and that would translate into about a $1.6 billion drop in sales.  In addition, we anticipate that housing starts for full year 2009 will be in a range of 550,000 to approximately 600,000, and that represents about a 35% drop from the slightly over 900,000 that were started in 2008. That puts us in a position where our anticipation is that we will be somewhere around approximate breakeven to a loss of $0.30 a share in 2009 and that includes rationalization charges of about $0.08 and also increased pension expense of about $0.06 a share. We do believe that we'll continue to generate relatively strong cash flow in 2009 and anticipate that free cash flow after capital expenditures but before dividends will be approximately $300 million.  If you move to Slide 16, I want to talk a little bit about liquidity, which obviously is top of mind for investors. We did, as I mentioned earlier, end the quarter with about $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet.  We continue to have a revolver in place that expires in 2011, and I would point out that that revolver has no borrowings outstanding at this point in time. The revolver has two covenants and we're going to talk about those in just a second - one is debt as a percent of total cap and the other is a net worth test. And as we've mentioned in the past, these two covenants have no impact relative to the rest of our debt outstanding. We've got about $4 billion of debt on the balance sheet at the end of December and there are no cross-default provisions or other impact in terms of the revolver covenant on any of our other outstanding debt.  If you flip to Slide 17, I want to talk about equity first in terms of fairly significant reduction in the fourth quarter from when we last talked at the end of the third quarter. From that point in time equity has declined $900 million. That includes the net loss that we incurred in the fourth quarter, which had the goodwill impairment charge in it, as well as a reduction in accumulated other comprehensive income, which is an element of the equity section of our balance sheet.  That moved about $300 million plus, driven by two things - one is currency translation, which declined about $174 million, and the other is minimum pension liability. The liability increased by $150 million and that really reflects the performance of the investments that we have in our pension fund during the fourth quarter. And both of these elements really arose in the fourth quarter in terms of impact.  As a result of that decline in equity, our debt as a percent of total cap, which needs to be under 60%, finished the year at 58%, obviously complying with the covenant. The minimum net worth target of $2.817 billion, we were able to achieve that but just by $29 million, so we were pretty close on the minimum net worth covenant.  If you flip to Slide 18, we'll take a look at covenant status as of January 1, 2009. There's a couple key points here. One is that we do have an accounting adjustment that increases equity. That's a requirement that we have to reclassify our minority interest that relates to Hans Grohe of $135 million from deferred income taxes and other long-term liabilities to the equity section, which in effect increases our equity by $135 million. That puts us in a position where debt as a percent of total cap goes down to 57%, which gives us borrowing capacity effective January 1 of $486 million or the potential for an equity reduction, which we don't anticipate, of $324 million, which would still leave us in compliance relative to that covenant. The minimum net worth target, as we mentioned last time we chatted with you, it's reset every December 31, and that reset is 70% of the prior year or the current year total equity. And as you can see here, that reset puts us in a position where we have $989 million of cushion or headroom relative to that particular covenant. So as of January 1, we're in reasonably good shape with the covenants and I'm sure you'll probably have a few questions about those as we get into the Q&A. If you flip to Slide 19, this gives you a perspective of debt maturities over the course of the next several years. As we've mentioned, we have $300 million due in March of 2010, and then the more significant debt requirement that we have is all the way out in 2012 of $850 million.  And if you flip to Slide 20, just before we get to the Q&A I want to talk a little bit about capital allocation. I think that, as we've indicated very consistently, we feel very positive about the longer-term aspects and dynamics around our business, both in terms of the new home construction as well as the home improvement market. Having said that, we certainly recognize that we're in an extremely challenging environment at this point in time, and one of the things that has changed pretty dramatically for us over the course of the last three or four months is really our view about 2009.  2009 looks, obviously - given the guidance that we've presented, including the sales guidance like it's going to be very challenging, and our feeling is that it makes an awful lot of sense for us to focus very much on preserving liquidity, preserving cash, to put ourselves in a position where we can continue to fund our business operations, potentially take advantage of any growth opportunities that might develop over time and be positioned to handle the relatively modest debt that's due in March of next year. As a result, management will recommend to the Board that we reduce our quarterly dividend from $0.235 a quarter or $0.94 a year to $0.075 a quarter or $0.30 a year. This will save about $240 million in terms of dividend payments. We continue to believe that the dividend is important for shareholders; we certainly recognize that. But we feel at this particular level $0.075 a quarter, that's a spot that we think makes sense for us, at least on a near-term basis. And with that, I'd like to stop now in terms of our prepared remarks and the slide show and move to Q&A. And I would remind you that I'm joined by Richard Manoogian, our Chairman, Donny DeMarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and John Sznewajs, our CFO. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan:  My first question has to do with your rationalization efforts and how that relates to the gross margins. You kind of laid out that this has been an ongoing effort and you broke out some of the facilities and headcount reductions in '08, but it just seems like the margins are obviously falling still at a pretty precipitous rate, particularly in the fourth quarter, and would suggest that the efforts really aren't enough right now in this environment. And I know you've talked before in terms of trying to balance cutting too deep in the near term and what that would do in terms of hurting the ability to recover, but at the end of the day we're in, as you've noted, a pretty prolonged downturn, a pretty difficult spot.  I was hoping you could give us some thoughts in terms of why you haven't cut deeper given that the reality has kind of set in over the last year that we're not getting out of this anytime soon, and what future plans you might have to really take some more aggressive steps to restructure and return to profitability, particularly in the Cabinets, the Installation and the Other Specialty, which are really the laggards here.
Timothy Wadhams:  Well, I guess I would say, Mike, that I really think that we have been fairly aggressive in terms of the actions that we have taken. As you know, as we indicated, we've closed 17 different plants over the couple-year period, 2.5 year period, we're talking about. And I can't tell you exactly how many of those are in the cabinet segment that you alluded to, but a fair number of them are. The headcount reductions represent about 40% of our North American work force over that same time period. And I think you're also aware - and Donny will elaborate on this in a second - but we have been very active in terms of changing the manufacturing footprint in the cabinet section as well as taking a hard look at our manufacturing process in our window-related business. In addition to that, we're very actively engaged in rationalizing products that we install, getting out of several diversified products.  So I think there's an awful lot under way that has been ongoing and will continue to be ongoing. A fair amount of the rationalization charges in the fourth quarter - I think about $15 million related to businesses in Europe. And so I guess I certainly feel that we are on a pretty good pace in terms of trying to keep up with some of the challenges there. But I'll let Donny maybe elaborate a little bit.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.:  Thanks, Tim. Mike, I think what's important to understand is that our view related to 2009 over the last 90 days has continued to change, so where we thought we had appropriate plans given the volume of what we anticipated new housing starts to be in 2009 versus where we're at today is significantly different. And as we look at that, it takes us awhile; there's a lag period between as we revise those forecasts and then we look at what type of manufacturing footprint do we need to serve a much lower demand.  So if I go back to early planning, we had a much more robust opinion on what we thought 2009 to be. We didn't think it was going to be good, but we didn't think it would be down into the 550,000 to 600,000 housing starts.  But as we've changed our view of 2009, that's opened up a whole different look at how we look at our cost base. So you're seeing us look at manufacturing capacity differently. We're understanding that, as you take a facility down, you have to look at the entire supply chain because it's not so easy just taking costs out; you have to modify the supply chain so as you take fixed costs out you'll be able to redirect the supply chain. So you can rest assured we're being very, very aggressive.  I'd say the only thing that, in my opinion, when you look at a snapshot of end of year '08 and look at some of the gross margin impact of the under absorbed overhead, which is really the biggest factor in there, you have to understand that our view of '09 has gotten progressively worse over the last 90 to 120 days.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: I appreciate that. I guess what I want to follow up with on that is just that - and Tim, you kind of said, hey, we've done different things over the past year; we haven't stood still - but I think a real problem here and an issue that the Street is having, including myself, is that there's a real lack of specificity in terms of what you've done and what the benefits of those actions are.  So you're kind of talking generalities, but not giving the detail of what each of those actions are on a real, more granular level in the different segments and also the lack of what the benefits are. I think that's something that we haven't had over the past year and I think as we're going deeper down the rabbit hole in terms of margins, it's something that, if someone is trying to really understand what the rebound potential is and they want to understand what those restructuring actions, past and future, how they relate to different segments on a granular level and some of the cost savings, that's just not there at this point. And so that's really what I think is one of the major areas that we're looking to you for. 
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think a couple of things there, Mike. Obviously, this is a pretty fluid circumstance. We continue, as Donny said, to address decline after decline after decline and some of the macroeconomic issues.  If you put things in perspective, in 2007 - and again, this is a consolidated answer to part of your question - we incurred about $40 million for severance and plant closures. In 2008, that number's about $70 million, so that's in aggregate about $110 million. We would anticipate and in fact have in our 2009 numbers savings from that. Our anticipation is that we get about a two-year, maybe in some instances a three-year payback, so when we think about 2009 we're anticipating about $50 million to $60 million of savings from the actions that we've taken over the last couple of years. And again, that's a consolidated number. The other thing I guess I would point out - and again, I really believe that we are doing the best job we can to stay on top of things - but one of the things that has changed fairly dramatically and impacted us is the decline that we've experienced on the consumer side of the business. Obviously, last year was a pretty tough year, but as I think we all know, things really, really fell off late in the year.  So we're doing the best job we can to stay after that. And I hear what you're saying about specificity and we'll consider whether or not we can get you a little bit more information on an ongoing basis, but I think in terms of the $110 million that we've talked about, we do anticipate seeing a pretty good recovery on that during 2009. The other thing I would mention, too, is that the fourth quarter is typically one of our lowest quarters in terms of sales activity, so there is usually a little bit more impact there when you have a downturn like the one we experienced.
Operator: Your next question comes from Budd Bugatch - Raymond James.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James:  Let me second what Michael said about additional specificity, Tim. We'd love to see some more of that coming forward. And in light of that, I think at the end of the year or by the end of the year, I think the new home construction part of the business was running at about 25% to total sales, if my memory's right from what you've told me.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think what we said, Budd, is that on a run rate late in the year, probably 25% to 30%. 
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: And so my question then comes twofold. In your forecast you've given us your underlying assumptions for new housing starts of 550,000 to 600,000. What about for single-family housing starts, which have been experiencing a lower percentage over the last couple of years? What's your assumption there? And what would be the forecast or the underlying assumptions for key retailer sales in 2009?
Timothy Wadhams: In terms of the retail side of the business, Budd, our current estimate is that will be down low double digits on the key retail side. And just to give you a little bit more input relative to Europe, our feeling there is that we'll probably be down mid double digits in terms of sales, with a negative impact of about $200 million related to foreign currency. Now that assumes rates approximately where they are at the end of the year.  And in terms of single family, do we have that with us here? We'll get back to you on that one, Budd. You can assume it's a dramatic decline.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Make sure I understand what you mean by mid double digits; that's a large range.
Timothy Wadhams: Oh, mid-teens. I'm sorry, Budd. Mid-teens in terms of the European business. 
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: And one other question for specificity would be just if you can at some point in time provide a more detailed cash flow statement. I know it wasn't in the package or at least in the package that I've got to get to the $560 million of cash from operations.
John G. Sznewajs:  Our K will be filed on Tuesday, so there'll be a detailed cash flow statement and if necessary, you need something more timely, follow up with us later on.
Timothy Wadhams: You're talking 2008, Budd?
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: I'm talking 2008. And that's correct, yes.
Timothy Wadhams: If you go back to the previous commentary that we've had, where I think we were estimating about $600 million back in September and I think we went through that in a fair amount of detail, just in big buckets, we did a little bit less on the working capital side than we might have anticipated. Most of that was related to accrued liabilities and the timing of payments there. And that was in large part offset by some other non-cash charges that related to a couple of dispositions in the businesses that we sold earlier in the year. But we will provide more information. As John mentioned, the K will be out just in a couple days.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Yes. In the Qs of '09, if you could expand that format that you've historically had, that would be great as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Tim, I was just wondering, you talked about the $0.65 run rate for earnings for '08. Would it be possible to give us a bridge to go from '08 to '09? You mentioned pension as an incremental $0.06 hit, the restructuring. I'm just trying to get a sense of what the decremental might look like for '09, how materials costs play through for '09 and what [inaudible] you might be doing to the EPS comps?
Timothy Wadhams: That's a good question. I think if you start with that approximately $0.65 number that we talked about for '08, obviously the midpoint of the range is minus 15, so that's about an $0.80 swing. And if you look at our sales at $9.6 billion and take the 16% - 17% decline, it's about $1.6 billion. If you use a contribution margin of about 30% on that, a tax rate of 36%, and then shares outstanding at 359 million, that equates to $0.80 plus a little bit. So that kind of explains in big buckets that $0.80 change. Having said that, we do have rationalization charges in there for $0.08. We've got additional pension expense of $0.06 over the prior year. And on a tax basis we're anticipating, Pete, that we're going to spend a little bit of money or incur some tax expense, although I've got to tell you that when you get down around breakeven, predicting tax is very, very difficult. But if we were to assume that that was $0.04 or $0.05, that's $0.20, and that $0.20 basically gets offset by some of the savings I mentioned earlier as well as our expectation that we will see some benefits from pricing in terms of anniversary as well as offsets to some of the commodity cost issues that we had to deal with in 2008, particularly as they relate to petroleum-based commodities that go into inputs for paint and windows. So that gives you kind of in big buckets how we view it.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I guess the second unrelated follow up is can you just give us a sense as to the dividend cut, maybe some commentary on the rationale for doing it, but how the amount was set. Shall we think about if '09 is even more difficult than you're anticipating that you'll eventually go back to the Board and just take the dividend off of the board per se? How do you think about that? What was sort of the rationale to get to the cut that you made in terms of amount?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, that amount, Pete, equates to about $100 million - $0.30 a share on an annual basis. And it's our feeling with a billion dollars of cash right now, the fact that we expect to generate about $300 million, we thought $100 million was a reasonable number to return to shareholders through the dividend. We think that puts us in a position where we can continue a relatively meaningful dividend given our current stock price just in terms of yield, but also puts us in a position where we're able to preserve liquidity and preserve cash going forward. Obviously, the environment is extraordinarily uncertain at this point. I'm sure we'll continue to review our cash position, our liquidity on a quarter to quarter basis. Our hope certainly is that at some point down the road in the not too distant future that we can again get back into a mode of increasing the dividend. But given the uncertainty that we see at this point in time relative to '09, that seemed like a prudent place for us to end up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates:  Congratulations on being proactive on the dividend there and not waiting for things to get worse. Can we assume that you'll be proactive on the amendment to the revolver since you're getting pretty close on some of those?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think, Dennis, that you can certainly assume that we will be thinking and have been thinking very hard about the bank lines that we have in place currently. That does expire in 2011. We have had some discussions on a preliminary basis, and I think that you can certainly expect that going forward we will be sitting down with our bank group, which we've got very good relationships with; they're very supportive. And I think our feeling is that we ought to be able to work our way through that in a manner that works for both sides of the equation. I would point out and I think it's important that we do not foresee the need on a near-term basis to borrow any money given the fact that we do have the $1 billion of cash. So from that perspective, there's no immediate need. But certainly we're sensitive to the fact that the covenants are a lot tighter at this point than we'd like them to be.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: And clearly, probably, no need in the near term to draw it, but it'd be nice to have that behind you and not have it hanging over your head, I'm sure. Are those discussions with the banks begun or is that something that's going to start now that the year's wrapped up?
Timothy Wadhams: We've had a little bit of dialogue, Dennis, at this point, but I would assume that those would probably pick up pace here in the next few weeks.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: And then my other question, on the $300 million cash flow guidance, could you maybe bridge us from the breakeven level on the income statement to the $300 million? Is that assuming a benefit from working cap? Do you get a tax refund? Anything that can help us get there?
Timothy Wadhams: Sure. If you go to the midpoint of the range, you're looking at a loss of about $50 million. We expect D&A to be about $240 million and I believe we have other non-cash at $160 million yes, $160 million in other non-cash. Now that includes share-based comp, minority interest, as well as deferred taxes. And then we do anticipate about $150 million from working capital management and that gets you pretty close to the $300 million.  CapEx, I'm sorry, CapEx would be what, John?
John G. Sznewajs: $175 million.
Timothy Wadhams: $165 - $175 million.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: And is there any possibility for a tax refund?
Timothy Wadhams: That's not in the cash flow number at this point, Dennis. And there may be some modest amounts coming back in terms of refund, but they won't be material. We made money in '08 and there could be some areas where there might be small refunds, but I wouldn't anticipate, given where we have the guidance, that they would be significant at this point in time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities.
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities:  I wonder if you could talk about the paint business specifically and why we saw so much operating leverage there, if you could just expand on that?
Timothy Wadhams: In the quarter and for the year?
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities: Correct, for the quarter.
Timothy Wadhams: The issues that affected us there, Ken, would include obviously the volume decline, but we've also seen increased material costs, as we've indicated in the past quarterly discussions, as well as some promotional-related expenditures, and those would be the bigger buckets. 
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities: It seemed like you guys had actually more operating leverage this quarter, even though you had greater volume declines in the first half of '08. Is that really just because the promotional was much greater this quarter?
Timothy Wadhams: In that particular segment?
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities: Correct.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think the promotional costs were a little higher in the fourth quarter and yes, we did have a significantly reduced performance in terms of Builder's Hardware as well.
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. Yes, that's obviously a profitable piece. And I guess just looking at the Plumbing business, realizing a lot of it's tied to, you know, comes out of Europe with the Hans Grohe, just looking at the minority interest component, that fell to 4 in the quarter versus 11 in the third quarter and 10 last year. Is that kind of indicative of a 60% decline in that business in that region in terms of profitability?
Timothy Wadhams: You know, I think, Ken, that currency probably gets to us on that. There's a pretty big drop and that may be applied to the entire account, I believe, including the cumulative balance. I think there's a currency impact that gets washed into the fourth quarter.
Kenneth Zener - Macquarie Research Equities: And then the last question, do you guys still have around probably $350 in cash tied up in Europe that wouldn't be available for you?
Timothy Wadhams: No. We have about $350 in total cash tied up and that includes our estimate that we need about $200 million to run the business on a day-in, day-out basis and the fact that we've got about $150 million in Europe, plus or minus, that is not as accessible as the rest of our cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank:  I was just looking at the flow of restructuring expenditures over the past couple of years. As you mentioned, it's been about $80 million a year in 2007 and 2008, and then from what you're expecting from your guidance, it's going to drop to $44 million in 2009. Should we read that as there's less need for restructuring now, which would come as a bit of a surprise, I guess, given how much the environment has deteriorated, or is that just more of an initial estimate of how much you might end up incurring in 2009?
Timothy Wadhams: That's a good observation, Nishu. I think the answer to that is that we can only accrue or estimate for you things that we have undertaken as opposed to things we might anticipate doing. So I think it's very fair to assume that as time goes on, given the operating environment that we're certainly in and kind of getting back to Mike's question earlier, that there will be additional actions taken during the year.  I can't tell you, obviously, what those are at this point in time, but I think the likelihood of us having additional restructuring related charges there is certainly more likely than less likely.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank: And the second question I wanted to ask was on your portfolio of businesses, there's been some stability in terms of divestitures over the past few quarters. Given the deterioration here, given the year end review that you've just completed on your goodwill, has anything come to light as you look across your portfolio of businesses or changed in your thinking? So what might we expect for this year in terms of portfolio, reconfiguring it?
Timothy Wadhams: No, there's nothing imminent at this point. We obviously do review the portfolio on an annual basis as a minimum, but at this point in time there are no additional plans to divest anything. That does not suggest that there may not be opportunities going forward where it may make sense for us to consider additional divestitures, but at this point there is nothing in the hopper.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  First question, you had referred to $200 million in cash you needed to keep on the balance sheet to sort of run the business. That was for Europe, is that correct?
Timothy Wadhams: No, that would be both Europe and the United States, Keith.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: The second question, you had $460 million of goodwill writedown in the quarter, primarily in the U.K. businesses, as you mentioned. You've still got a lot of goodwill in the United States on the businesses and given the severity of this decline, particularly in the homebuilding piece of your business, I'm pretty puzzled that you didn't have to take a goodwill writedown. I've seen other industrial companies take a writedown just because their stock price is down. Can you give us any insight of what's going on with your auditors in that calculations?
John G. Sznewajs :  Sure. We do a discounted cash flow model and it is a five-year model. And as you're aware, the assumptions that you make, particularly in the terminal year, are extremely important to the value that results from that analysis.  And in terms of the Installation business, there's a couple things there that I would point out. One is that we have assumed for purposes of this analysis that housing starts get back to the 1.5 million level in 2013, which is the fifth year that was in this analysis. We have also assumed that as we continue to rationalize the contracting service business that in terms of the diversified products that we will be closer to historical margins when we get to that point at roughly 1.5 million. And when we do the math on that we come out with a valuation that supports the goodwill number. Now that 1.5 million is a number that we base on analysis from a variety of inputs and discounted in terms of what I think Global Insight - 
Timothy Wadhams: That was one.
John G. Sznewajs :  Yes, a couple of sources in terms of looking at projections that are out there. So we did discount the number, but we do feel it's a reasonable approach and our auditors have reviewed it. It's the same approach that we've historically applied over the last four or five years since that test was put in place by the accounting regulators.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: They have not talked to you about an impairment due to the equity value of the company? I've seen that with others in the industrial world?
John G. Sznewajs :  That is part of the test and we did go through that part of the test and there was no indication that we had an issue there.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: And I guess final question, you talked about the rationalization of the installation business and you have some information in the slides. I guess a question for Donny, moving forward, we had briefly discussed at your event at the builders' show that you're going to be doing less trades in the future. I was just wondering if you could give us sort of an overview of what do you think, when we ever get to the bottom of this mess, what installation service is going to look like in terms of number of trades it serves and what sort of its mission going to be?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: I think installation and services, when we get to the bottom of this, we're really looking at significantly less trades. We went through the analysis that trades that we were performing had really grown up into the - actually we had it done by 40 different trades we did at one location or another, but really 20 that had more proliferated the group.  We now are sitting and our current thinking would be that we're going to do about 8 to 10 trades. We also believe that it's important that we continue to serve the entire market. Historically we had always been very, very strong with the small and mid regional builder and had moved heavily into the big builders; they continue to take share. I think we need to be focused on all segments, so where we bring value to the big builder, I think that's great and we need to make sure our programs reflect that and treat them differently, but we also have to continue to serve the small builder, where really our footprint gives us a significant advantage over our competition. So we're confident that installation and services can return to historical margins. We think installation will be a bigger part of that. And so that's kind of where our thought process is today, Keith.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: I'm sorry, Installation would still be the largest?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Yes.
Timothy Wadhams: And probably, Donny, a bigger share than it is today in terms of the total business?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Yes, we've already seen it start to stabilize and move back the other way, but we would see that as a larger share than where it is today.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: It'd gotten down to about half because I know you'd gotten into some other businesses, so greater than half, would that be what you're talking about?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Yes, absolutely.
Timothy Wadhams: Jamie, I think we've got time for one more question.
Operator: Your last question comes from [Mike DeLong] - Credit Suisse.
Mike DeLong - Credit Suisse:  I was just wondering, to go back to your assumptions on starts here, what are the additional steps you can take if starts come in below your estimates here? We're already at a run rate of 550,000 in December and it doesn't seem like there's too much hope for that getting better just given the demand environment and financing for builders. What are some of the things that you can do there? And then also with new construction now down to about 35% of your business, is it still fair to assume that 100,000 unit change in starts is impacting earnings by $0.15?
Timothy Wadhams: Okay, in terms of what we can do relative to - additional actions if housing continues to move south, I think those are pretty much the same things that we've been talking about - continued rationalization of capacity, continued review of our footprint in terms of the installation business. Again, one of the challenges we have is trying to maintain that balance that we've talked about of not wanting to take actions today that can put us in a position where we may save a dollar and have to spend $2 or $3 two or three years down the road when the market's come back. So you can rest assured we'll continue to work hard to make sure we take the right actions, the appropriate actions that will address the near term and not necessarily put us in a position of hurting the longer-term prospects for the business. And so I think, again, it's a continuation of some of the things that we've been doing and, as we indicated earlier, when someone asked - I think it was Nishu - asked a little bit about restructuring charges, the likelihood of having more of that type of activity in '09 is relatively high. Your question about 100,000 starts, 100,000 starts would impact us now at about probably close to $500 million, I'm guessing, of sales roughly - I'm sorry, $300 million in terms - yes, okay, 3,000 in start. Is that still a good number to use? Okay, 3,000 to start. And using a 36% tax rate, that would put us at, well, a 30% contribution margin, right, [Brian], which is $100 million. That would put us at about $0.14 roughly in terms of impact. There is a lag, though, in terms of the reduction.
Mike DeLong - Credit Suisse: I was wondering if you could just talk about your thoughts on pricing strategy here. I mean, obviously a tough environment, but there is going to be some benefit that you see from kind of the lower oil and other materials cost as we go through the year. We've heard that retailers are being increasingly aggressive as they push to bring the lowest cost possible to the consumer. Can you talk about kind of how you're thinking about the balance there, how much do you want to capture from the lower cost versus how much you're willing to give up to drive better sales?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: Pricing really has held up reasonably well in the quarter, although we did see some increased promotional activities in Cabinets which really had an impact on both the top and bottom line. I think we have to realize we're in the early stages of a cost recovery in commodities, and given the nature of our supply chain, where you've got your inventory and also things that we source, it would be mid-year before we see the full impact of lower commodity costs. Also, unrealized commodity cost inflation really had an impact on the quarter in both Architectural Coatings and Plumbing segments, so although we do see a trade down to where entry levels products are a larger percentage of our current sales, pricing has really held up pretty well due to the fact that we haven't fully realized the inflation that occurred during 2008.
Mike DeLong - Credit Suisse: And is there any way to quantify kind of what you could see there or what you're anticipating in your guidance?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think what we said earlier, Mike, is that we anticipated offsetting some of the costs that I talked about earlier. And if you recall, that's about $120 million of positive impact year-over-year. Half of that is savings related to some of the restructuring activity that we've done and the rest of that would relate to anniversary of pricing as well as material cost offsets or reductions based on where commodities are going.
Mike DeLong - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay, thank you.  In closing, I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today, and if you'd flip to Slide 22, as I make my closing comments, we continue to aggressively manage our cost structure and have worked hard over the past several quarters to offset the impacts of the current economic environment on our business. While these actions have certainly been difficult, we expect that additional actions to address current market conditions will be even more challenging as we balance what we can do to mitigate the impact of current market conditions on our near-term results and the implications these actions may have on our longer-term performance. Although we expect market conditions over the next several quarters to be very tough, we continue to be confident that the long-term fundamentals for the new home construction and home improvement products markets are positive.  We would also like to thank several of you who joined us at the International Builders' Show last month. In these challenging times, we are extremely proud of the Masco team worldwide as they focus on driving solutions for our customers and value for our shareholders. The IBS show gave many of you the chance to see their efforts and share our excitement firsthand as the Masco Brand Village showcased our strong brands, innovative products and game-changing solutions and as the Masco Show Home showcased our Environments for Living Certified Green program. And we certainly appreciate the opportunity to have spent time with you and your comments and feedback. Notwithstanding the difficult environment, we believe that our financial position, including cash of over $1 billion at 12/31/08 and our ability to generate cash flow, together with our current strategy of investing in leadership brands, innovative growth, flexible and scalable supply change will allow us to drive long-term value and growth for our shareholders. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Donald J. DeMarie, Jr. - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman of the Board
Analysts: Analyst for Budd Bugatch - Raymond James Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates Analyst for Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities David Goldberg  UBS Stephen East  Pali Research Keith Hughes  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2008 third quarter conference call. As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded and simultaneously webcast. If you have not received the press release and supplemental information, they are available on Mascos website along with todays slide presentation under the Investor Relations section at www.masco.com. Before we begin managements presentation, the company wants to direct your attention to the current slide and the note at the end of the earnings release. These are cautionary reminders about the statements that reflect the companys views about its future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures. After a brief discussion by management, the call will be open for analyst questions. If we are unable to get to your question during this call, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations office at 313-792-5500. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you for joining us today for Mascos third quarter earnings call. Im joined today by Donnie DeMarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Richard Manoogian, our Executive Chairman. Were going to go through the slide presentation so if you would please move to slide number 3 please. Obviously in the operating environment were in the third quarter was another challenging quarter for Masco. Our sales from continuing operations were down 16% in the quarter. Earnings per share were $0.10 versus $0.56 in the third quarter of 2007. Gross margins declined in the quarter 270 basis points. SG&A as a percent of sales was up 200 basis points to 17.9%. On the plus side if you will, we continue to do a good job of balance sheet management, working capital as a percent of sales for the third consecutive quarter, mirror the prior year. We did announce in the quarter as we indicated previously that the Board increased our dividend for the 50th consecutive year. That was announced in September. We also completed the divestiture program that we communicated early this year generating $28 million of proceeds in the third quarter, $174 million for the entire plan. Importantly we end the quarter with $1 billion of cash on hand and significant unused bank lines. If you would flip to slide number 4 please. As I mentioned, sales were down 16%. We continued to see significant softening related to new home construction. Housing starts were off in excess of 33%. But more importantly in the quarter we saw a significant slowdown in European markets and a continued decline in North America for consumer spending. Sales to our key retail customers were down 11% in the quarter and thats the third straight quarter weve had double-digit declines in terms of sales to key retailers. Operating profit in the quarter was down $175 million on a consolidated basis with margins declining to 7.8% versus 12.3% last year. If you would move to slide number 5 please. In terms of North America our sales decreased 18% and again driven by lower sales to both the new home and the home improvement products markets at retail. Operating profit was down from 14.3% to 9.8% reflecting the lower sales volume as well as increased material costs. If you would flip to slide number 6. International business. Our sales were down 6% from an international perspective and that includes an 11% decline in local currencies. Thats particularly pronounced in the United Kingdom for our plumbing, cabinet and window related operations. The lower sales volume along with rationalization charges we had in the quarter, about $16 million of charges related to business rationalization, about $9 million of those relate to our international operations and that contributed along with the volume decline to a decline in return on sales from 11.7% last year to 6.9% in 2008 third quarter. If you flip to page number 7. Obviously we continue to try to manage through this difficult operating environment. Just to give you an update in terms of some of the actions that weve taken over the course of the last two years really as we go back into late 2006, we have closed now 14 manufacturing facilities and that includes plants that are actually closed as well as plants where we have announced a future closure. Three of those took place in the third quarter. In our installation business weve closed over 70 branches and significantly reduced the floor space if you will in terms of the remaining branches through modification in terms of leased facilities. In addition we have reduced our headcount by 20,000 employees as of the end of the third quarter. That includes approximately 9,000 employees related to actions that weve taken in 2008. If you move to slide number 8. I mentioned gross margins were down 270 basis points from 28.3% to 25.6% this year. That reflects the lost leverage as a result of the lower sales volume, higher material costs including mix impact as well as an increasingly competitive market place.  I mentioned that even though our spending for SG&A was down $27 million we were up to 17.9% of sales from 15.9% last year. That also reflects the lost leverage on lower sales. We did have approximately $6 million of bad debt expense in the quarter versus last year and a tentative litigation settlement charge that we accrued for $9 million. Those two total $15 million and without them wed have been at about 17.3% in terms of SG&A to total sales. If you flip to slide number 9. In terms of earnings per share I mentioned that we reported $0.10 in the quarter. I wanted to give you a perspective of where we would have been without the implications of a tax rate change in the quarter as well as a couple of other costs. You might remember that we indicated early this year that we expected our tax rate to be I think 47% or 48% at the beginning of the year. That reflected the decision that we made to repatriate earnings from foreign operations to the United States to take advantage of foreign tax credits. Because our income has declined in terms of our full year forecast, the tax rate that we anticipate for the full year now is around 56%. When we apply that rate to our earnings on a year-to-date basis, which we have to do, theres a catch up related to the first half of the year. So we have an extra nickel in the tax this quarter because we had to in effect sort of true up the first half. In addition to that nickel we had an extra penny of rationalization related charges that we did not anticipate in the quarter and we also had a penny related to financial investment impairment and currency transaction impact. To give you a perspective of where we thought we would have been back in July, if you take that $0.05 and the two pennies I just mentioned, we would have been around $0.17 which was pretty consistent with, we dont provide quarterly guidance, but with our internal estimate as to where we thought earnings in the third quarter would have been. If you flip to slide number 10. I mentioned working capital a couple seconds ago. Here you can see the various components and again the fact that we continue to do a good job at the business unit level of managing our balance sheet and managing our working capital. Again the guys are doing a good job from that standpoint. If you flip to slide number 11. In terms of cash returned to shareholders I mentioned the dividend increase earlier. In the third quarter we repurchased 1 million shares of our outstanding common stock. That was done in July. On a year-to-date basis at the end of September weve repurchased 9 million shares of our common stock and at this point in time we have approximately 32 million shares left in terms of the authorization for share repurchase that the Board enacted a couple years ago. If you flip to slide number 12. I want to talk a little bit about the segments and I want to point out that all of the segment information that you see here is basically as reported on a GAAP basis. We do provide information in the investor package by segment related to some of the rationalization costs that we incur so that you can see it both with and without. Cabinet sales in the third quarter were down 21% reflecting lower sales volume to both new home construction and consumer spending at retail in terms of repair/remodel activity. In addition international cabinet sales were down particularly in the United Kingdom which is pretty much 100% dedicated to new home construction. The sales decline along with the under-absorption of fixed costs, the mix and the lower performance of our international operations contributed to a margin decline from 14.3% last year to about 3.9% this year. If you flip to slide 13. Product plumbing segment. That segment was down 7% in the quarter and reflected lower sales volume in North America both at retail and wholesale which was partially offset by selling price increases as well as reduced local currency sales of international operations. Thos volume declines certainly contributed to a decline in margin from 11.6% to 10.9%. But the more important aspect in this particular quarter was the fact that we do in this segment have about $7 million of restructuring related costs and charges of which about $6 million are international. If you were to pro forma this segment in terms of adding back charges that we had last year along with the charges that we incurred this year, the margins would have been pretty comparable 11.9% versus 11.8%. I think even with that volume decline we experienced I think thats indicative of some of the work that the fellows have been doing to rationalize the business and were really starting to see a little bit of benefit from that in the plumbing segment obviously. If you go to slide 14. Installation and other services. This segment was down 29%. As Im sure youre aware, this is tied basically 100% to new home construction. Operating profit was down reflecting the lower sales volume, lower selling prices and increased bad debt expense. I would say that in this segment and particularly when you compare it to other entities that have a similar footprint if you will, we continue to do a very good job of rationalizing this business. Even with the 29% volume decline I think our decremental margin was only about 27% in this segment and the folks continue to do a good job of rationalizing the branch locations as well as our product portfolio. Move to slide number 15. Decorative architectural products. Sales in this segment were down 4% and that reflects lower sales at retail for both paints and stains and builders hardware. That volume decline along with higher material costs and program related costs for the builder hardware portion of this segment contribute to a margin decline of 24.4% last year down to 21.1% in the third quarter of 2008. Our last segment on slide number 16, other specialty products. Sales were off in this segment 19% and that really represents sales to new home construction both in the western part of the United States and for our UK window business which is pretty heavily involved with new home construction in the United Kingdom. The lower sales volume, under-absorbed fixed costs as well as increased material costs contributed to a decline in margin from 14.5% to 8% in the third quarter of 2008. I now want to move to slide number 17 and talk about our guidance for the full year. Id like to start by pointing out that forecasting in the current environment were in is extremely challenging. As we indicated in the press release, since mid-September we have seen a significant fall off in terms of sales activity. Most of that has been related to our European operations as well as our repair/remodel activity in terms of North America and really evidenced of a slowing consumer. As we indicated we expect sales to be off 20% in the fourth quarter. In October which obviously is not closed yet but it appears to be tracking pretty consistently with that 20%. We continue to believe that housing starts will be in a 900,000 to 1 million new starts in 2008. Thats versus 1.3 million last year but at this point in time we are seeing some additional slowing in new home construction. I think the best way to maybe think about our guidance is to go to slide number 18 which really is set up to help you understand the change in our guidance from the previous guidance. Back in July when we met with you, we were anticipating that our earnings would be somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.50 to $0.65. Since that point in time and really driven by the late third quarter and fourth quarter declines in sales, we currently anticipate that we will see an additional sales decline from what we expected back in July of approximately 3%. That equates to $325 million to $350 million in full year sales and when we apply a contribution margin to that of approximately 35% that equates to about $0.20 +/- in terms of earnings per share. In terms of contribution margin we have seen the decremental margin on sales declines increase a little bit in the last couple of quarters and I think thats really indicative of some of the variable costs in our cost structure having sort of a semi-fixed application if you will just in terms of certain areas like customer care, customer service, that type of thing. So we could be a little higher than the 35% but again were doing everything we can to kind of manage through that. In addition to that volume decline we also have additional costs and charges that are additive to where we anticipated being back in July. I mentioned the litigation settlement. Thats about $0.02. Back in July we indicated that we anticipated having rationalization related costs and again these relate to plant closures, severance as well as ERP implementation projects that weve got going. We anticipated those would aggregate about $48 million. Thats about $0.08 or $0.09 earnings per share. We currently anticipate, given some of the actions that weve recently taken in terms of plant closures, that that numbers going to be more like $70 million. Again thats just reflective of what weve currently undertaken. We continue to review the business and it is possible that we can have some additional costs and charges related to restructuring activities as we work our way through the fourth quarter. In addition we anticipate an additional penny of bad debt expense and then the currency losses and the financial asset impairment that we had in the third quarter is a penny. The other side of that is that because of our decrease in earnings for the full year, we currently estimate that the impact of the increased in our tax rate again for the repatriation of dividends will now be $0.18 as opposed to $0.19 in the previous guidance. When you roll all that together, that suggests about $0.27 of decline on a net basis from where we were back in July. Again that could move a little bit depending on the volume decline and the implications from a contribution margin but that kind of gets you into where the change relates from the $0.50 to $0.65 down to the $0.25 to $0.30. I would want to reiterate that we still anticipate having a strong year in terms of cash flow generation. Back in July we estimated about $640 million. We currently estimate about $600 million for free cash flow before dividend in 2008. Slide number 19. I want to point out from a liquidity standpoint that we did end the quarter with about $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. We did pay $100 million of debt in October as we indicated previously. I think our expectation is that we ought to end the year in a very strong cash position and I would guess itll be around $1 billion +/-. We also have $2 billion of unused bank lines which expire in 2011. Basically we have available under those lines today given our covenant structure $1.5 billion of borrowing opportunity. The bank line does have two covenants. One is debt as a percent of total capitalization which has to be less than 60%. We had 52% debt-to-total cap at the end of September. We have about $700 million of cushion related to that particular covenant. Theres also a net worth test and that gets reset every year end at 70% of 12/31 year end net worth. At the end of September we had in excess of $900 million of capacity relative to that particular test. Importantly with these two covenants there are no cross default provisions or impact on any of our other outstanding debt issues. I would remind everybody that we have not borrowed on our bank lines for at least the last seven or eight years. On slide 20 weve listed our debt maturities going forward. As you can see there was $100 million due in October. That has been paid. The next maturity is in March of 2010. We have approximately $300 million of floating rate debt due at that point in time. But the only significant debt outstanding in terms of maturity is $850 million in 2012. So again I think weve got those maturities spread out nicely particularly given the current operating environment were in and we dont have a lot of debt due until 2012. In terms of capital allocation I wanted to talk a little bit about that on slide number 21. As weve said in the past our focus from a capital allocation standpoint is our priority is to continue to invest in the business. As we go through some of these calls and some of the discussions with investors, we do spend a lot of time focusing on the right sizing of the business, the difficult environment were in, the actions that were taking to address that. I think at times that really masks some of the really positive things that are going on inside of Masco. Weve got some really strong initiatives around brand building, voice of customer, quality initiatives to support our brands. We continue to right size our supply chain and scale our supply chains. Donnies talked about that in past calls. Were putting a lot of emphasis on innovation and in fact some of you may have seen some of the new ads that have been out on Deltas diamond seal technology. Theyve got a program See What Delta Can Do which were really excited about. We continue to look at sustainability as it relates to our products from a green perspective. So theres a lot going on inside that we think is very positive and were really anxious to share that with you at the builders show in January where well be at our booth as well as at a show home. Ill talk more about that when we wrap up this call. I really want to make sure that shareholders know that there is a lot going on outside of just really trying to deal with some of the challenges that weve had in terms of some of the volume declines. We continue to put a lot of focus on working capital and cash flow. The share repurchase program I mentioned that we repurchased 1 million shares in July and that is on hold at this point in time for the near term. Obviously liquidity and dividends are top of mind for investors and we certainly recognize that. Our Board recognizes that and thats why we increased the dividend for the 50th consecutive year. That really reflects the fact that we do have a strong cash position, that we expect to generate a lot of cash in 2008, and that we continue to believe that the long-term fundamentals and business prospects for Masco are positive. As weve stated many times in the past and want to remind everybody that our first priority obviously from a capital allocation standpoint is investing in the business and second is to fund our dividend. With that, we want to open up the lines for Q&A. I want to remind everybody Im joined by Donnie DeMarie, our Exec VP and COO, and Richard Manoogian, our Executive Chairman.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from analyst for Budd Bugatch - Raymond James.
Analyst for Budd Bugatch - Raymond James:  You talked Tim about sales falling off at the end of September and continuing to be difficult in October, which unfortunately is a sentiment weve heard echo from a lot of our other consumer oriented companies. Specifically in regard to key retailers, could you put some numbers behind that for us? What were the trends like in September versus the quarter and did it actually worsen in October or how should we think about that?
Timothy Wadhams: I dont really have any specific numbers around that for you but I would say that what we saw in the second half of September pretty much across the board from a repair/remodel standpoint has continued into October. The one exception there might be paint. Paint was a little bit stronger in October than it would have been in late third quarter. But otherwise pretty much the same kind of scenario. Again as we said before, October pretty well tracks with the 20% decline that we estimate for the fourth quarter at this point.
Analyst for Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: I think you said earlier bad debt expense was $6 million in the quarter. I believe on the last call you had said you had internally planned for around $20 million for the year. Is that still the case and could you maybe comment on the financial health of your customers?
Timothy Wadhams: Before Donnie talks a little bit about what we do to monitor bad debt, bad debt was up about $6 million in the quarter. Originally this year we anticipated that our bad debt expense would be pretty comparable to 2007. We originally estimated on the builders side of the business that wed be around $22 million and on a company-wide basis, Im not sure we gave that number out, but I think we estimated at that point that we would probably be around $26 million to $27 million. Those are pretty comparable with where we ended up last year. At this point in time it looks as though on the builders side of the business well be around $24 million or $25 million in total and that from a company-wide standpoint well be around $34 million or $35 million. That would be about a $2 million increase on the builders side of the business and about a $7 million increase all of which took place pretty much in the third quarter. Ill let Donnie talk a little bit about what he and our CFO John Sznewajs do on an ongoing basis to monitor our receivables with our builder customers.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: I just wanted to say that John Sznewajs, the CFO, and I review monthly the top 100 builders accounts receivable portfolio and are very much engaged to look at their credit worthiness. Our business units are focused on it as well as our group president. Its a difficult environment. We have seen an increase in some bad debt exposure but we think weve managed it well and think we have it under control.
Timothy Wadhams: I would say too that we deal with builders of all size and deal with a very large number of builders so we dont have any real substantial concentration in any one particular builder from a receivables standpoint. So thats pretty well dispersed in terms of any kind of risk management there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: The first question is just on the restructuring actions. You kind of summarized what youve done more cycle to date and said that youre going to take about $70 million now for the full year in terms of expense. There are kind of two parts to this if I could as my first question. One. What did you do in the third quarter itself in terms of actually closing down plants and branches? If you look at the $70 million that youre spending this year, what do you expect that to result in terms of cost savings and when would you expect to see that hit?
Timothy Wadhams: In the third quarter we did announce the mothballing of the Ocala plant in our cabinet group as well as the closure of the Adrian plant in our builder cabinet group. Again that will be phased in I think late first or early second quarter of next year. We did recognize some costs associated with that. In the window business we had one plant closure there and the redirection of another plant to a distribution center. So weve got that activity going on. Then in Europe we had as I mentioned particularly in the plumbing segment several actions to address headcount as well as manufacturing and distribution footprint. All those took place in the third quarter. Theres typically a lag effect in terms of when we see the benefit. We have not at this point done anything to necessarily quantify when we would expect to see that going forward but rest assured when we look at these activities we do look at them from a savings standpoint. The best example we can give you is when you look at our plumbing business. I think investors have been pleased as we have with the performance of plumbing over the last three or four quarters from a return on sales standpoint. As you know we got much more aggressive in plumbing much earlier than some of our other businesses because even when business was pretty good a couple years ago we werent performing at a level that we anticipated or really expected in the plumbing segment. Weve talked a little bit about some of those changes. So youre starting to see that flow through the system at this point in time. But we would expect to update investors probably sometime next year in terms of some of the changes that weve made. Donnie has talked in the past and may want to talk a little bit about some of the modifications were doing in our cabinet manufacturing as well as some of the activity thats going on in the installation business.
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: MCS and particularly our installation segment continue to re-evaluate its footprint as well as its product portfolio and those activities are ongoing, and they will continue to be ongoing. As the market continues to find new loans especially on the housing side, it really forces different decisions and were being very careful to make decisions that make sense today but dont impact our ability to create some incremental leverage on the way back up. Theyre getting difficult but were trying not to leave markets and really leave intact an organization that we think were going to be able to capitalize on our way up. On really the supply chain, when I look at our manufacturing footprint as weve talked about before, we really see this as being able to build what were calling flexible but scalable supply chains. Instead of picking a housing start number and building our capacity to that number, were really looking at a range. As weve communicated previously, we see that sweet spot for us between $1.2 million and $1.8 million and be able to optimize our performance in that range. So weve challenged our group to look at and think about capacity differently. Some of the activities going on, we talked about the builder cabinet group where weve adopted a common architecture and are moving toward being able to build both our quality and Merillat brand in any plant within the group which has allowed us to take some of the actions that we recently have taken. We also are working to finish the orders so we have less dependency on moving components around. It makes a lot of good sense. Were doing some very similar at Milguard where weve announced a couple of closures in the North American window facility and starting to look at that production capacity a little bit differently. So were excited about the activities that have taken place already and we see that we still have more work to do and more opportunity.
Timothy Wadhams: To that point we will continue to assess our business and are continuing to assess our business given the dramatic declines were seeing in volume. I wouldnt want you to think that there wont be some additional actions that we will certainly be looking at going forward.  The other thing is that as we said before and as Donnie alluded to, its tough. Weve got to address the current market conditions but weve got to make sure that were in a position from a long-term perspective that we dont lose opportunities when the markets return. We dont want to do something today that saves us a dollar that might cost us $2 or $3 when the markets come back at some point down the road.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: Along the line of that thought process in terms of step-by-step but not to use the political phrase a scalpel but not a hatchet, can we still expect this moderate improvement in installation services? You had a slight loss in the first quarter, scrapped back into marginal profitability in the second, and its a little bit more in the third. Just seeing that continuing to modestly improve and not necessary a step function back into a high single-digit or low double-digit?
Donald J. DeMarie, Jr.: I think whats happened at installation services is that we had the right forecast in the housing market for really the first seven or eight months was really stable at a lower rate. Theyve been able to catch up. What you saw in installation services is theyve been able to adjust their footprint and their product portfolio to meet their demand. The problem we have going forward is we have a significant headwind going forward and thats that we see another leg down in housing. How far down, were still really going through our process of determining what the start level looks like or at least our projection looks like in 09. I would anticipate that as we go from our current projection of 900,000 to 1 million for 09 and come out with some new guidance related to where we think housings going to be in 2009 that those will create new challenges for installation services because well be once again having to assess that footprint and product portfolio to really adjust to a much lower housing start number. If housing starts continue to go lower at least as we see them directionally going today for next year, I would expect that to create some challenges for the installation services group to then adjust our footprint once again.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: On the covenants you mentioned that the net worth covenant test was 70% of equity, am I to understand, and if I just did that calculation and you come up with about $2.6 billion, is that only a $600 million cushion? I thought you said a $900 million cushion. Am I looking at that right?
Timothy Wadhams: Ys. What that basically is, and again I dont have the covenant analysis right in front of me, but essentially what happens is that at the end of the year we reset that target at 70% of ending net worth. That would have been set at the beginning of this year. The reason we had that provision in is because of the share repurchase program to kind of take that into account. But again based on what I saw just recently we had about $900 million of cushion at the end of 9/30.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: Isnt 70% of $3.7 billion more like $2.6 billion?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, if thats the way the calculation works but I dont have the actual account right in front of me.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: Maybe we could go over that offline.
Timothy Wadhams: I guess it goes back to 2006. What we could do is we could tighten that up a little bit for you on a subsequent call. But $900 million is the right number at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: Two easy quickies and then a bigger one. Hansgrohe in the quarter, roughly what percent of the profits? Was it more than 2/3 of plumbing? Secondly cash. The $1 billion of cash that you have on hand, how much of that is tied up in Europe that you wouldnt be able to access? And three, your impairment on goodwill analysis related to the $4 billion. How much of that is related to MCS and what in terms of the analysis would you do to test if the goodwill needs to be charged off?
Timothy Wadhams: First of all, we wouldnt be giving a percentage relative to Hansgrohe but it is a major contributor to the segment as is Delta faucet. We do have some businesses in that segment that arent contributing a lot and again we mentioned some of the restructuring charges related to those in terms of the plumbing segment.  Second relative to cash, basically in the $1 billion we estimate that we need about $350 million of cash to both operate the business and recognize some of the cash that is somewhat constricted in terms of European cash. We would have access on that basis to about $650 million but again we do have unused bank lines if there is a temporary issue relative to cash as we go into 09 for example where working capital might ramp up in the early part of the year. Im not really overly concerned about that. In terms of the impairment test question that you asked, we have about $1.8 billion of goodwill associated with the installation business. Total goodwill on our balance sheet is about $4 billion and we have $1.8 billion as I said related to installation. Really the key driver in terms of analyzing that will be the five-year forecast that we put together and we run that through a discounted cash flow model. So in terms of how we look at that, as we kind of project out its obviously going to be important but my sense is that as we look out to 2012 or 2013 our feeling would be; and again I dont have those assumptions in front of me right now; but we ought to be looking at a much more normalized situation in terms of new home starts. I would guess at that point wed be somewhere in the 1.3 million to 1.5 million range and obviously hopefully a much more robust situation relative to the consumer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Analyst for Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Analyst for Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Can you guys just talk about whats in plumbing? Is there a currency benefit there on the margin? And just with the dollar appreciating as much as it has in the last 60 days, how much of that is whats happening to your fourth quarter outlook or for next year?
Timothy Wadhams: Margins are not impacted by currency. Typically the P&L is translated at an average currency rate for the quarter. Its weighted by month. But typically your sales and your profit tend to come across at the same translation when you translate into foreign currency. In terms of the fourth quarter, we do have based on where the Euro is today and we also have the English Croner and Pound related businesses but those are relatively stable. But the Euro is down about 11% today versus the average rate for last years fourth quarter. So that would contribute probably somewhere around $50 million of decremental sales in the fourth quarter if that stays where it is.
Peter Lisnic: Is there an operating profit impact to that falling off?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. That would be at the normal margin for our European businesses and those margins have tended to be, even though they were down in the third quarter, around 10%. If we lose about $50 million of sales related to currency translation, we would drop about $5 million of operating profit on that basis.
Analyst for Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: On the comment about pricing pressure and your comment about commodity costs continuing to go up in the third quarter, with commodity costs coming off a bit has your outlook either for the fourth quarter or for 09 changed a little bit?
Timothy Wadhams: When we think about last year, we still are experiencing higher commodity related costs and thats particularly true in terms of petroleum based inputs for paints and stains as well as resins for vinyl windows. So that continues to be somewhat of a challenge even though oil is down.  Typically theres a couple of quarter lag for us to see the benefit if you will of lower commodity related costs. We currently continue to pursue pricing related to cost increases and I think sometimes we get a little hung up on just raw materials but obviously there are other aspects of the business, everything from insurance to freight and transportation and other expenditures that certainly work into that equation as well. It would be a couple quarters before wed see any relief if commodities stay where they are today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities: Just a follow up on the commodity cost issue. I was just wondering if we could get an update. Youve given us some good quantification on that over time. I think its about $650 million or $700 million in cumulative commodity cost impact that youve described and pricing actions I think youve said have recovered about $500 million of that. I was just wondering if you could give us an update on those figures.
Timothy Wadhams: What youre referring and for those of you listening what Nishu is referring to is that when we go back to the first wave of commodity cost increases in late 04 and early 05, as we said in the past our reaction time was relatively slow and we didnt really get on top of that as quickly as we should have from a pricing/productivity/work with vendors standpoint. We have indicated that even though we were much more aggressive and much more timely in late 2005/early 2006 and believe t hat we have implemented probably on a gross basis $550 million to $600 million of price increases, we still had a negative carry of $150 million +/-. I would guess today we arent necessarily tracking that number like we did in the past but as weve said to you folks weve done we think a pretty good job of staying current. Now were still in the process as I said a second or two of continuing to pursue price increases in certain areas where we do have significant cost increases and will continue to do that but generally speaking theres a little bit of lag but we are pretty much on top of it. I would say that there still is probably historically a negative carry for us. Id be a little hesitant to want to quantify it now because some of that would have related to insulation costs. Some insulation costs have come down over time; our pricings come down. So theres some balancing there. But theres no question in my mind that we still have a bit of a negative carry and its probably $100 million to $150 million would be my guess.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities: On your business rationalization, the environment that has been the background for your business rationalization to date has been principally the housing downturn. More recently obviously youve seen an intensification of weakness in the US remodeling business and your European businesses. What implication does that have for your restructuring activities? In other words, does it imply additional cuts? Does it imply cuts or consolidations in perhaps different areas, less of focus on contractor services, more of a focus on other areas? How does that change your thinking on business rationalization?
Timothy Wadhams: As mentioned earlier, Europe is another area where weve seen some decline and we did talk a little bit about having about $9 million of restructuring related costs related to activities in Europe. I would also tell you that weve seen some fairly significant declines in our cabinet business at retail that have really extended over a couple of year period. We started to talk about consumers backing away from high ticket large repair remodel activities probably a couple of years ago so in our rationalization there has been a fair amount of work done on the retail cabinet group. Weve also talked about plumbing in the past. I would say that I wouldnt want to characterize or necessarily agree that most of what we have done has been driven by the change in new home constructions, its really been driven by a lot of factors including dissatisfaction with the performance of our plumbing related business. As you might recall, even when times were really robust from a top line standpoint our performance wasnt where we needed to get.  We have stepped up wherever it seems as though it makes sense and well continue to look at our businesses across the board for process improvement activities, opportunities to improve process implementations, those types of things. So, I wouldnt necessarily want to say its been isolated to the new homes side. Analyst One quick housekeeping questions, is that tax issue going to carry in to 2009 or will it end in 4Q?
Timothy Wadhams : No, it will not carry in to 2009 but I would want to mention to investors that with some of the new account rules theres a lot of volatility in tax rates from quarter-to-quarter in terms of having to recognize what are called discreet items and so it gets a little bit tougher to actually forecast tax rates because you have to recognize certain things where in the past you could make some different judgments and kind of smooth those out. But they do affect quarter-to-quarter now. We would not anticipate being in the position, this is driven really more by the repatronization of earnings.  Before the next question operator I would like to go back to a Mike Rehauts question earlier in terms of our calculation and Mike and for the rest of the group the way that calculation works is we take 70% of our net worth at the end of 12/31/07. That was $4.25, 70% of that is about $2.8 and we currently have $3.7 plus of net worth. Thats how we get to the $9 million. You might have been using a quarterly number when you were calculating the 70% would be my guess. Anyway, I just wanted to throw that out there.
Operator:  Your next question from David Goldberg  UBS.
David Goldberg  UBS: Tim, I was wondering if you could give us some more details, I know you were saying and I dont mean to dwell on the commodity cost issue but youre saying you were still pursuing increases in commodity costs and some price increases based on higher commodity costs. Im just wondering if you can give us some more details and some more color? Can you get a little bit more specific on that? Then maybe with that talk about how successful youve been and how thats changed over the past lets say three or four weeks with whats going on in the broader economy?
Timothy Wadhams : Well, we have been successful and as I mentioned earlier David going back in to early 06 weve been very successful so for the last two and a half years I think weve done a good job there and I wouldnt differentiate anything thats taken place in the last couple of quarters. Im not aware of anything that would suggest that well be less successful going forward. We dont like to talk about specific customers generally in terms of pricing but I think you can glean from some of the commentary were still at a situation where brass is at higher levels than it was last year at this point in time notwithstanding the fact that copper has backed off pretty dramatically. We also talked a little bit about petroleum based resins that go in to paints and stains as well as vinyl for windows. Weve seen some steal price increases that affect our fastening tools. Again, theres some things in Europe that would impacted commodities relative to glass. So, we continue to pursue those where we think they make sense and well continue to do that.
David Goldberg  UBS: I appreciate the color and then I guess the follow up to that is based on what youve seen historically, when we get a couple of quarters our and you start to see some of the benefit of declining raw material costs I think you commented on before its a couple of quarter lag. How much of that do you think historically you guy kept versus having to pass on?
Timothy Wadhams : Thats always an interesting conversation obviously with our customers and theres a lot of facets to the relationship. We tend to focus on price quite a bit but there are other aspects when we look at advertising programs, promotional programs, those types of things. I think the other thing I mentioned earlier, we sort of started behind the eight ball if you will relative to having a negative carry relative to commodity costs so I think when we look at our cost structure today I think weve got a better opportunity or hopefully a very good opportunity to kind of hang on to the pricing that we currently have in place. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Stephen East  Pali Research.  
Stephen East  Pali Research:  If we looked at your cap ex for 2009 what would be the minimum required that you all would need to spend? 
Timothy Wadhams : Were going to finish Steve this year probably around $200 million give or take in 2008. I would guess the minimum that we would have to spend would probably be $140 million to $150 million just in terms of maintenance. There is some in there for ERP systems, a little bit of capital for that but I would say probably $140 million to $150 million is probably sort of a maintenance type level. Again, as weve said in the past, over the course of the last several years and I guess its kind of obvious given current market conditions but we have added new facilities in cabinets, paint, plumbing, windows and obviously were not running at a very efficient rate currently relative to that but we would continue to be in really good shape relative to bricks and mortar. Depreciation and amortization are about $240 million on an annual basis. 
Stephen East  Pali Research: What scenarios would you look at would you say have to occur for you all to seriously consider cutting the dividend and I realize thats not a forecast. Just, what would have to unfold in your mind?
Timothy Wadhams : I think probably the biggest element to that Steve would be our perception of business prospects in 2010. Were reasonably certain that 2009 is going to be pretty tough, especially the first half. If there is a stimulus package put in place at the federal level, a lot of us seem to think thats a high probability, we think that would bode well obviously for the latter part possibly of 2009 but certainly in to 2010.  But I think the key for us as we work our way through next year and again, as I mentioned earlier we expect to end with a healthy cash balance. Even though conditions are going to be tough next year Id be really surprised if we dont have positive cash flow before the dividend. Again, well talk more about that in February but I think the real gating issue would probably be our perception of what 2010 looks like.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Keith Hughes  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
Keith Hughes  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: To follow up on the last question, internally at Masco do you work on a three or five year planning process and does that occur at the end of each calendar year? How does the work.
Timothy Wadhams : We work Keith on a five year planning process and that really starts for us typically in the spring. Well start to work on that and again, weve really changed that process over the course of the last year or so putting a lot more emphasis on strategic planning as opposed to in the past we spent an awful lot of time working on the budget so weve kind of flipped that upside down, the budget for the coming year with a lot more emphasis on strategic opportunities, trying to identify out of the box thinking for breakthrough opportunities and that type of thing. So, that process really starts in the spring and kind of cumulates in the fall with the delivery of that plan and review of that plan typically in November.
Keith Hughes  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: To follow up on the last question, as you develop these plans do they come with a view point that youre going to under earn the dividend in 2010 based on market factors? Even though you could pay it you could still in a potential scenario under earn it. Would that be enough for the board to reconsider the dividend level?
Timothy Wadhams : Well, if we are in a cash position that allows us to continue to pay it, well pull out basically all stops to try and make that happen. Thats something that we recognize that is very important to investors and I think from a cash management standpoint we would try to do what we can do. Again, given that investing in the business is our first priority to do everything we could to keep that going.
Keith Hughes  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Because over the last five or six years youve done an excellent job returning cash to shareholders in a fairly balanced format. It appears as though cash is still going to be coming back to shareholders but its going to be all dividend for the next several years?
Timothy Wadhams : I wouldnt exclude future share repurchases. I think that certainly at this point on a near term basis we think the dividend is more important than share repurchase but I would think as things get back in to a more normalized operating environment that we would certainly consider the application of our excess cash and keep in mind its always been about excess cash in terms of potential future share repurchases. Id like to make just a couple of closing comments. Again, Id like to thank everybody for joining us today. As we mentioned, we continue to aggressively manage our cost structure and have worked hard over the past several quarters to offset the impacts of the current economic environment on our business. While these actions have been difficult we expected additional actions to address current market conditions will be even more challenging as we balance what we can do to mitigate the impact of current market conditions on our near term results and the implications these actions may have on our long term performance.  Although we expect market conditions over the next several quarters to be very challenging we continue to be confident that the long term fundamentals for the new home construction and home improvement markets are positive. We believe that our strong financial position including cash of over $1 billion at 9/30/2008, modest debt maturities until 2012, unused bank lines and our ability to generate strong cash flow together with our current strategy of investing in leadership brands, innovative growth, flexible and scalable supply chains along with a strong focus on cash flow to fund our dividends will allow us to drive long term growth and incremental leverage for our shareholders. In these challenging times we are extremely proud of the Masco team worldwide as they focus on driving solutions for our customers and value for our shareholders. As I mentioned earlier theres a lot of excitement at Masco and we want to share that with you at the 2009 International Builders Show in Las Vegas. Our booth will showcase our brands supported by new products and innovative customer solutions. On Wednesday, January 21st we will host an investor vent. We have partnered with Professional Builder Magazine to design and build a green show house which will be built to the highest level of our environments for living program certified green. This home will feature many of Mascos brands and sustainable products in a smart systems based approach to make consumers aware of what is possible today through a Masco branded solution. Think of this as a green coming out party. Well give more information out to you over the next few weeks and we hope that many of you can join us. Thanks again for being on the call.
Operator:  That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for attending and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2008 Second Quarter Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and simultaneously webcast. If you have not received the press release and supplemental information, they are available on Masco's website along with today's live presentation under the Investor Relations section at www.masco.com. Before we begin Management's presentation, the company wants to direct your attention to the current slide and note at the end of the earnings release which are cautionary reminders about statements that reflect the company's view about its future performance and about non-GAAP financial measures. After a brief discussion by management, the call will be opened for analyst questions. If we are unable to get to your question during this call, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations office, at 313-792-5500. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Nicole. And thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's second quarter earnings call. As Nicole mentioned, earlier today we issued our press release and some supplemental information. As a result of internal processing improvements effective with this quarter's call, we are modifying our approach to the conference call. To that point, we no longer have provided you with what we used to call 'Business and Financial Highlights' and we are not going to read a prepared script for this call. Instead, we provided in our financial information, a couple of pages of what we call 'Key Financial Data'. And today our presentation will be in a PDF slide presentation format. Hopefully you've been able to access that on our website. This is the first time we are using this format. And any feedback that you want to provide are certainly welcome as we try to continue to improve the process to provide you information. And with that let's move to slide number three, and I'd like to point out that with me today... joining me today are Richard Manoogian, our Executive Chairman and Donny DeMarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. So again if you could move to slide 3 please. Net sales from continuing operations were down 15% in the quarter. Earnings per share $0.20 in the second quarter of 2008 as compared to $0.49 in the same quarter of 2007. Gross margins for the quarter were down 230 basis points to 26.5%. SG&A expense including General Corporate expense as a percent of sales increased to 18.3%, up 110 basis points. General Corporate Expense was down 30 basis points to 1.3% of sales. Working capital as a percent of sales was up slightly during the quarter to 18.1%. We did return a $131 million of cash in the quarter to shareholders including the repurchase of 3 million shares of our common stock. We also sold The Heating Group, which we announced late in April for proceeds of $146 million. And we ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet with $850 million of cash and $2 billion of unused bank line. If you flip to slide number 4 please. As I mentioned, sales were down 15% and in addition to the continued significant declines in housing starts, which are in the first half of 2008, are off 30% and I think even a little bit more than that in the quarter. We continue to see a significant slowdown in European markets and in North American consumer spending. To put that in perspective, our sales to key retail customers were down 13% in the quarter, and that follows the first quarter when we were down 10% and the fourth quarter when we were down 5%. And again as we said at the first quarter call, that really has impacted all price points including lower ticket items as well as, we think, even some basic repair and remodel type expenditures. Operating profit was down in the quarter, $146 million. Margins were down to 8.1% from 11.7% or a 360 basis points decline. If you flip to slide number 5, please. Take a look at sales and operating performance in North America. In North America, our sales were down 19%, and again driven by volume declines to new home construction, pricing concessions and a decline in consumer spending for home improvement products. Margins declined in the quarter from 14.1% to 9.7%. Again reflecting the significant volume declines that we've experienced and increased costs for material and energy and other commodities. If you flip to slide number 6, please. International sales increased 6% in the quarter. That was driven by foreign currency translation. In local currencies, international sales were down 6%. And again this is the third consecutive quarter that sales in local currencies for our foreign operations have been down in terms of percent decline. Profits from an international perspective were up slightly in dollars, reflecting a large part of currency translation. And we did see a slight increase in margin for our international operations moving from 8.3% to 8.7% on sales, which reflects some selling price increases. If you flip to slide number 7 please. As we've indicated in the past, the company continues to focus on the rationalization of our business and that includes sourcing programs, business combinations or consolidations, plant closures, headcount reductions and other initiatives. And in the quarter we incurred about $15 million of cost related to severance, ERP system implementations as well as plant closures. Since late 2006, we have closed 11 manufacturing facilities and in our installation business we've closed approximately 70 of our branch location facilities. And company wide have reduced our headcount by 17,000 employees, which represents about 30% of the North American work force. Approximately 6,000 of that headcount reduction has taken place as a result of 2008 actions and activities that we've had to take. And obviously these are very difficult decisions. But certainly consistent with us trying to right sizes the business in this tough economic environment. If you flip to slide number 8, please. I mentioned gross margins are down 230 basis points, in the quarter. Again, that reflects lost leverage as a result of lower sales volume. Particularly, as it relates to fixed overhead and some of our fixed cost in the... in our cost structure. We also had increasing cost for inputs, material and energy cost along with freight and logistics. And are experiencing a pretty competitive marketplace from a pricing perspective. I mentioned earlier that SG&A although was up a 110 basis points as a percent of sales. Again reflecting in lost leverage as a result of the decline in sales and decline in volume. We did decrease SG&A by of approximately $46 million in the quarter. If you flip to slide number 9. Just want to take a quick look at our EPS for the quarter. We did report $0.20, again compared to $0.49 in the prior year. And just to give you a little bit of flavor of some of the components included in that $0.20. As we mentioned earlier this year we have the increased tax rate and I'll talk about that when we get to guidance in just a minute. But our tax rate in the quarter was approximately 47%. And compared to our more normalized rate of approximately 36%. That represented about a $0.05 impact in terms of earnings. I mentioned earlier the $15 million of rationalization charges, again for severance ERP system implementation as well as plant closures. Year-to-date that numbers is about $24 million. But that did aggregate about $0.03 in the quarter. Early this year when we issued our guidance, we indicated that we thought we'd be around $0.06 to $0.07 of rationalization related costs. And it looks like at this point that number is probably going to be a little closer to $0.08 to $0.09. And again, representing some of the actions that we've taken including additional severance related costs. We also had a penny in aggregate related to financial investment impairments which were $3 million in the quarter. And currency losses, which were $5 million. In aggregate that's $8 million and represents about $0.01 in terms of earnings per share. If you move to slide number 10. In terms of working capital, I mentioned that we increased slightly. We're up about 20 basis points compared to where we were last year in the second quarter, 18.1% of sales as compared to 17.9%. Our definition is 'receivables plus inventory minus accounts payable' in terms of that percentage comparison to sales. Receivable days were up two days, as compared to last year. Inventory days were up 3 days to 54 days and that was in part of offset by an increase in accounts payable days from 42 to 44 days, in terms of the quarter. If you move to slide 11. In the quarter I mentioned that we have returned $131 million of cash to shareholders. We did repurchase 3 million shares in the quarter. We currently have, at quarter end, 33 million shares remained on our authorization in terms of share repurchase. And I would point out that in July, we repurchased about 900,000 shares of our stock. As we mentioned on the last call, management continues to expect to recommend to our Board of Directors, later this year, that we increase Masco's dividends for the 50th consecutive year. We expect free cash flow to approximate $640 million, which is almost twice the annual dividend cost in dollars. We've already said that over the long-term we believe that our ability to generate excess cash will allow us to return $1 billion to shareholders on an average annually. And that there would be some years where we exceeded that amount as we did the last five years, and some years where we maybe less than $1 billion. Our priorities in this difficult market situation that were in right now, from a capital allocation standpoint, is to first invest in our business. And to continue to fund the dividend. While we continue to believe that the long-term fundamental for our markets are positive, given the uncertain operating environment and the uncertainty as to whether we will see it recovery in our markets in 2009, 2008 dividends and share repurchases may not aggregate $1 billion. I now want to move to our segments, and if you would move to slide no 12, please. And again the information we're going to talk about from a segment standpoint and in fact the information that we have been focused on is 'as reported information'. We have provided you with reconciliations in the information that we send out, some of the schedules, information on segment reporting both with and without some of the rationalization charges. But this information will be 'as reported'. In terms of cabinets and related products, sales in that segment were down 18%. And in North America we continue to be impacted by a decline in new home construction, as well as a softness in consumer spending. And as we've indicated, we've seen for several quarters, a slowing for bigger ticket items at retail. And a less favorable product mix. On the international side of the business, we had a fairly significant decline in the quarter, which really reflects the end markets in the UK, which is down substantially, and that's primarily related to new home construction. As well as in our ready-to-assemble business in Denmark, with Denmark being one of their major markets. Denmark officially is currently in a recession with two quarters of negative GDP. So, again, a pretty tough quarter for the cabinet group. Operating profit was down from 13% to 6.1%. And again reflects the lower sales volume, and the under absorption of fixed costs, the product mix we talked about and the lower results of international operations. If you move to slide 13. Segment sales for plumbing were down 2% in the quarter. In North America, plumbing sales decreased as a result of lower sales volume at retail and wholesale, partially offset by increased selling prices. And we did have the continued strong performance by our subsidiary in Europe, Hansgrohe, which continues to penetrate all the Eastern European markets as well as Asia and other foreign markets, had an excellent quarter again. So, we did see some benefit there. On the profit side we continue to show improvement in terms of margin performance. Margins increased from 10.9% to 12.5%, and I think this is the third consecutive quarter where we've had a favorable comparison from the profit standpoint. We obviously had been more timely and aggressive with the price increases to offset material costs. Although, we still have some catch up to do there. We've had some benefits from the business rationalization in terms of rationalizing facilities and products, headcount reductions and continued focus on the supply chain. So, again in plumbing, very pleased with that performance again in a tough environment. On slide 14, installation and other services. That segment was down 27% and as you recall, that's 100% new home construction with maybe just a little bit of commercial business. But again down 27%. And in terms of profitability, the first quarter we were negative from a profit standpoint. We were able to turn that around in the second quarter. We made $4 million in profit. We also had about $4 million of cost related to severance ERP system implementation, as well as branch closures in the quarter. So again, it was good to see that segment get back in the block. On slide 15, decorative architectural products. Our sales declined in the quarter 11%. And that's again as a result of lower retail sales volumes of paint and stains as well as builder's hardware. Operating profit decreased from 21.5% to 18.7% and that reflects the decline in sales volume as well as increased material cost during the quarter. Slide 16, we have other specialty product segment and they're sales were down 22%. And that's really impacted fairly significantly by our window business both in North America, Milgard on the West Coast, which has a heavy concentration in new home construction. As well as declines in our window business in the United Kingdom. And again, that economy is very tough. Operating profit was down from 16.4%.to 6.7%, again reflecting the lower sales volume, the under absorption of fixed cost and increase in material and energy related to cost and the lower performance of our international operations. On slide 17, I want to talk a little bit about our guidance, before we move into the Q&A. And obviously forecasting in this environment continues to be a significant challenge. We continue to believe that housing starts this year will range between 900,000 and 1 million units versus 1.3 million in 2007. We also continue to believe that consumer spending and our European operation results, we're not really looking for any significant improvement there compared to the first half of the year, at this point in time. Our guidance also reflects increasingly competitive market conditions for our services and products. Increasing costs for freight and logistics and other materials including commodities impacted by energy related cost. As a result, we continue to estimate that our sales will be down low double to mid-teens in terms of the full year. At the half year we're down 14% on a year-to-date basis. We continue to estimate that our earnings per share will fall in a range of $0.50 to $0.65 per common share. And again, that's no... there's no change to that from our last quarter. In our earnings per share, we have the implications or the results of the increase in our tax rate, which we anticipate on a full year basis will be approximately 48% to 49%. And again that increase in rate relates to our anticipation that we'll be repatriating foreign earnings from our international operations to use foreign tax credits which expire at the end of this year. And when you compare the 48%, 49% to our normalized tax rate of approximately 36% that will reduce earnings by $0.17 on a full year basis. We do expect in 2009, absent any other unusual transactions or tax planning issues to be back at a more normalized rate of approximately 36%. In addition, to the $0.17 related to the tax rate increase, we also incurred in the first half of the year $0.05 related to financial investment impairments and $0.03 related to currency losses. And when you take the tax rate, the impairment charges and the currency losses, those aggregate about $0.25 a share on a full year basis. We also are reconfirming our guidance relative to free cash flow. We mentioned at the last conference call that we estimated that free cash would approximate $640 million in 2008 and that's before dividends. And we continue to anticipate that we'll have a relatively strong year of cash flow generation, not withstanding the fact that it's certainly a challenging year from an operating stand point. And with that we will open up the lines for Q&A. And I will remind you that I am joined by Richard Manoogian, our Executive Chairman; as well as Donny DeMarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will go first to Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan.
Michael Rehaut: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Timothy Wadhams: Hi Mike.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Michael Rehaut: The first question relates to your operating margins and certainly the macro conditions, the higher raw material costs, to name just a couple, are kind of really impacting the numbers this year. At the same time, I am sure perhaps the extent of how much they've come down, perhaps is not or has not necessarily been in the game plan maybe as you looked out a couple of years ago into what a trough might be or it's to the extent we're at or near a trough. I was wondering if you could help me particularly with the cabinet installation services and other specialty. If you could give me a sense of... if there's a plan in place over the next couple of years to kind of get those margins back to a double-digit level or whatever level that your plan might call for. If you could kind of share that with us, if there are... and as part of that if there are restructuring actions or sort of incremental actions that you haven't already taken that would allow those units to return to a greater level of profitability? That's my first.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay, thanks Mike. Before I have Donny comment on some of the things that we're doing in those segments, I guess what I would say is that... part of your comment was that, we may not have anticipated margins this low and this kind of a trough. And I guess one thing I would say as I'm not sure that anybody would have anticipated this kind of a trough. If you look at our business overall and go back to 2006, for example, and if you go to the mid-point of our guidance for this year, sales roughly from 2006 would be down 20% plus and that equates to about $2.5 billion. And on an operating profit basis when you look at contribution margin as we've said in the past which kind of range between 30% and 35%, we've had a substantial decline. And obviously, we worked really hard to offset them. I think we have done some pretty good things to mitigate that. Having said that... so I guess what I would say is I am not sure that anybody would have anticipated that kind of volume decline, number one. And number two, we continue to believe that when we get back into more normalized environment from a business standpoint, that we can give the margins back into the mid to low teens kind of area. But having said that maybe Donny can talk a little bit share with you that some of things we're doing on the cabinet side and the contracting service side to really kind of look at the footprints as we look at our capacity management.
Donald DeMarie Jr.: Thanks Tim. Mike, we're really across all of the businesses. We're continuing to reduce our cost structure. We're really driving lean manufacturing principles. We're in the process of evaluating all of our facilities, really with the focus on achieving what we're calling flexible, but also scalable manufacturing capability and supply chain. The one constant is change. And what we need to learn, we need to be able to maximize our returns at both lower volumes without compromising our ability to serve a more robust demand whether that comes from the macro environment or increases in market share. One specific example, if you look at our cabinet facilities, we are adopting common box architecture. We believe we'll do with a better box but allows us to produce any box at any plant which makes our capacity much easier for me to flex up and flex down without adding some of the fixed costs penalties though we had today in the supply chain. If I switch over and deal more specifically with the installation questions. Really we've done a nice job on the installation side of continuing to reduce our cost. And really the next phase of that for us is really optimizing our product portfolio. And what we're focused on there is what's really emphasize those products where installation... where those products accretive to the overall results of the installation segment. So, we'll be getting out of some products, but we don't believe that the installation of those product is a value-add. And we'll be optimizing the products and really growing at a more focused and accelerated rate. Those products were... our margins tend to be better. We'll be moving the dedicated cabinet facilities back to the builder cabinet group. We believe that gives them opportunity to focus more on the actual cabinet installation as it relates to their other channels to market. And paint is another product that... we've mentioned earlier that given the economy we're going to stop the rollout. And what we've really challenged the paint people to think about is, how do we expand that to include more of the existing pro-contractors and really a broader effort to leverage the existing channel with what we believe is a better product for the pro-painter as well as a better homeowner solution. So, as we look at our business design, there is all kinds of things we can do. But those are a couple of examples in two of the categories you mentioned?
Timothy Wadhams: The other thing I would add, Mike and you were asking more segment specific. But, as we indicated in the slide presentation, we've taken out another 6,000 heads, this year. And again just in terms of trying to react to and right size as quickly as we can response to the environment. One thing I would mention is that in addition to the some of the business shoot into the activities that Donny talked about, we have done some things at the corporate office level. Over the course of the last couple of years and more recently here just at the end of April, we've reduced about 80 positions. We have instituted a wage fee here at the corporate level and also we've done some restructuring of executive compensation. That includes reduced base pay and with more emphasis on variable compensation tied to performance, which we certainly think is a positive step and one that will help us manage this corporate cost structure. And our estimate is that over the course of the last couple of years, given the actions that we've taken that we've either been able to reduce or avoid about $40 million of cost. So we're really trying to look at everything across the board, across the company as aggressively as we possibly can and obviously with the velocity of the sales change that we're dealing with, that certainly is a challenge. I would mention that just as a data point for folks, we did see a significant decline in general corporate expense this quarter. There is some severance in there but the other thing that we benefited from was a reduction in stock-based compensation. So I thought I'd point that out just so folks are aware. That's tied to our stock price and really reflects Phantom shares and or stock appreciation rights that effectively get marked-to-market at the end of each quarter.
Michael Rehaut: So, I appreciate all that detail, Donny and Tim, I just guess before I ask my second question just so I understand, some of the incremental cost savings and actions that you've done this year like the 6,000 employee headcount and I'm sure some of the facilities that you've closed, occurred this year. Can you give us a number in terms of what the incremental benefit might be in '09 because I assume that it has happened throughout this year and on an annualized number it's different than what might we have seen in the numbers this year?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes there would be a difference Mike. But other than what I could give you relative to the Corporate Office, I don't think we have any quantification of that at this point in time.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. Second question is just on balance sheet and a lot of focus, a lot of questions that we've got have been surrounding the dividend and you addressed that in your comments. But just wanted to get a sense of where you're comfortable on a net debt-to-cap ratio. In the second quarter you're at 45%, which is actually slightly below where you were a year ago, but certainly cash inflow continues to be under near term pressures. So is there a number that you don't want to go above and would you shift your priorities more towards that reduction in near term given the continued tough conditions?
Timothy Wadhams: Well Mike, gross debt-to-cap is about 51%. And I think that's flat with the last year and pretty much in a range that we've been running over the last several quarters. A couple of things on debt, we do have $100 million of debt due in September of this year, which we plan to pay out of corporate funds or cash flow if you will. The next debt requirement that we have is 2010, when we have about 300 million of floating rate, rate that due, which we'll probably refinance. The only significant debt we have due is not until 2012, and that's about $850 million. So I think, I think we did a pretty good job of taking advantage of market conditions and timings in terms of issuing some of debt that we issued over the last three or four years and I would attribute that to luck as opposed to anything else. But having said that, we've got it spread out pretty good and we've got relatively favorable interest rates. I think our average interest is about 6%. We wouldn't anticipate leveraging up at all. I think that we're relatively okay with the 51%. Our rating is important to us. We're currently BB plus. So, I think in terms of going forward or BBB plus excuse me, but I think going forward we probably would, would want to stay relatively in that range. And as we've mentioned many times, we're not real capital intense. Over the course of the last five calendar years, we invested about $1.5 billion in CapEx, another $300 million roughly in displays and as we've said many times, we think that our capacity is structured at this point where we can very effectively serve a market that it would be in a 1.5 to 1.8 kind of range in terms of housing starts and a market that might show a 4% growth in home improvement related expenditures which has been sort of the traditional growth rate over time. So we don't see a lot of major capital required going forward. So, I think from the balance sheet perspective, we're pretty comfortable with where we are at this point of time; we don't really see any issues going forward.
Michael Rehaut: Alright. Thank you.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: And we will go next to Budd Bugatch with Raymond James.
Budd Bugatch: Good morning, Tim. Good morning, Richard. Good morning, Donny. Yes on Friday when you talked a little bit about gross margin and the loss leverage of sales volume and the increasing material energy cost etcetera. Could you parch that any way Tim, for us as to what were the more important factors and being down $300 million, year-over-year on gross margins... gross profits under the $192 million in this quarter?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think Budd, the major issue there is the overhead side of things and in particularly the fixed over head side.
Budd Bugatch: So that's the--
Timothy Wadhams: A little bit in terms of freight and logistics from a distribution standpoint. But the biggest issue we face at this point is really on the fixed overhead side.
Budd Bugatch: But that's all revenue based, right?
Timothy Wadhams: In terms of the decline and volume?
Budd Bugatch: Yes, the leveraging. Yes.
Timothy Wadhams: That increase cost absolutely.
Budd Bugatch: Yes, okay. And are you behind or ahead in pricing versus costing.. cost now?
Timothy Wadhams: I think at this point and if you forget the early period when we, as we said many times you go back to 2005, when we got the first wave of commodity costs and probably didn't react as quickly as we should have. I think at this point we're in reasonably decent shape. We've got a little bit of catch up to do in certain areas but we're certainly pursuing that. And given this last wave of commodity cost increases, which we've seen, which would relate to particle board for example. Finishing related costs as it relates to cabinets hardware, brass to a certain extent, installation, we certainly... components driven by petroleum that might go into paint and/or windows, resins, glass, those types of things. Obviously we've got that certainly in the cross areas at this point in time. And we'll be working to offset those through working with our suppliers, price increases productivity. So, I think we're in relatively good shape, little bit to catch up. But that's not anything that I would say that's abnormal anyhow there is always a little bit of a lag when cost bump up.
Budd Bugatch: Sure.
Timothy Wadhams: I think we're in pretty good shape there.
Budd Bugatch: Okay. And related to that fixed cost issue by taking the outlook for the charges up to $0.8 to $0.9 somewhere where that is after tax, what's the geography of that and what additional actions might you see to account for that rationalization charges?
Timothy Wadhams: As I mentioned relates to severance ERP implementation as well as plant closures, and most of the increase would be on the severance plant closure side that supposed to the ERP implementation side.
Budd Bugatch: So some additional of rationalization of manufacturing footprints.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, for example in the quarter for example, in the quarter we had about a $5 million severance at the corporate office and that was into anticipated when we gave the initial guidance back in February where we taught would be $0.6 to $0.7 and again That's kind of tough to estimate but what we were really trying to give you a heads up on is the fact we would be up may be a Penney or two.
Budd Bugatch: What is the pre-tax Tim, number on that tenure if you have got back to on that?
Timothy Wadhams: Well $0.8 would be approximately, $48 million for the full year number and were about $24 million at the six months period.
Budd Bugatch: So that's the pre-tax side as the $48 million.
Timothy Wadhams: That would equate to $0.8 roughly.
Budd Bugatch: Just to other quick questions your free cash flow you also finding that is cash from operations minus CapEx or is it cash from investing which would include the --?
Timothy Wadhams: That's cash from operations less capital expenditures.
Budd Bugatch: So, the CapEx for the year is what now?
Timothy Wadhams: We originally read 230 but it's now down to $210 million [ph]. And we originally add depreciation and amortization at approximately $260 million [ph] and that number is now down to around $250. So, there's been a little bit of movement within the components but not a lot.
Budd Bugatch: So, that would imply cash from operations of somewhere about $850 million to get to that $640 million [ph] number?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes.
Budd Bugatch: And my last question is, you mentioned that stock-based compensation for general corporate expense that number of $35 million before charges or after charges that's a pretty severe reduction. What's the continuing number for general corporate expense going forward or does that stock-based compensation issue continue?
Timothy Wadhams: No, I wouldn't expect that would necessarily continue but it depends on what happens to the market price of our stock. If stock goes up, there could be a little additional cost in there. If it goes down, there could be a little bit of a reduction but I'm thinking that number is about $160 million roughly on a full year basis.
Budd Bugatch: For the GCE. Excluding stock based comp.
Timothy Wadhams: That would include stock based comp.
Budd Bugatch: And, can you quantify, with the stock based comp impact was in the quarter?
Timothy Wadhams: It seems like few but I don't, I think it was about $14 million.
Budd Bugatch: We'll get it when the queue comes out. Thanks, Tim.
Timothy Wadhams: 13 million or $14 million, yes, it's in the queue.
Budd Bugatch: Thank you, Sir.
Operator: And, will go next to Peter Lisnic with Robert W. Baird.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning it's actually John for Pete.
Timothy Wadhams: Hi, John
Unidentified Analyst: Just looking at I mean It sounds like the biggest thing hand driving margins right now, the overhead absorption but the commodity cost picture if you look at where people were forecasting things in April when you gave your guidance we'll have to know [Ph]. Commodity costs have come up a bit and you guys kind of reiterate at your guidance. Just what is the positive offset or is it just kind of the increases in margin are enough to make you change your range right now?
Timothy Wadhams: Well I think in part we anticipated, for example, oil was trending up at that point in time. It is back now probably to a level where it was back in late March and April. But I think we anticipated a little bit of an uptake and we also anticipate that we'll be able to offset that with either through working with our suppliers, productivity, or working with our customers in terms of price.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then I guess switching gears for the second one. Just the comments or two you had in your, the presentation about kind of price concessions, is that largely within installation or is that in other segments as well?
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I'll let Donny talk a little bit about that. But that's primarily in the installation area.
Donald DeMarie Jr.: Yes, that primarily in fact all of our businesses' tied to new home construction which would be our installation businesses, our windows business and builder cabinet group. We also are seeing in the form of price concessions, we're seeing higher promotional costs at retail. So, the fact is really our retail cabinet margins we're seeing higher promotional activities that are really being used by the key retailers to try to drive store traffic.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And it's more on the retailer level. It's more of the actual retailer's driving it as opposed to competitors coming in and trying to get volume for their plants, so to speak?
Donald DeMarie Jr.: We're seeing increased promotional activity of which I think the source is somewhat undefined. I would think at some point its competitors offering promotional activities that we have to meet for competitive reasons and on the other hand it's working with our partners to really figure out ways in which we both can increase store traffic and potentially raise our revenue.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you. I'll get back in the queue?
Operator: And we'll go next to Ivy Zelman with Zelman and Associates.
Ivy Zelman: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Timothy Wadhams: Hi Ivy.
Donald DeMarie Jr.: Hi Ivy.
Ivy Zelman: Tim, you mentioned you think there is going to be a slight up take and other obviously on the cost side initiatives, working with the suppliers, etcetera. Can you elaborate? I know you mentioned that you're using starts $902 million I think you said for the back half of the year. Can you also, I know you mentioned Europe, maybe help us more specifically on your outlook for Europe? And then sort of a contingency plan assuming that the market weakness is actually unfortunately worst. And what the impact you think would be with respect to it, any change and expectations on cash flow and on dividends or do you feel like there is, little if I could erode your opportunities or your I guess change in guidance going forward?
Timothy Wadhams: Okay. In first part I think of your question was raw materials. And yes, we have seen a little bit of a tick-up, as we mentioned. And again it's kind of across the board. Particle board for example, plywood, a little bit of an increase there, finishing cost as it relates to cabinets, hardware as it relates to cabinets, all of those have ticked up a little bit. Insulation--
Ivy Zelman: Actually Tim, I am sorry, I thought you were--
Timothy Wadhams: I'm sorry.
Ivy Zelman: I thought you were saying that... you thought... I apologize, when you said tick-up I thought tick-up in the market getting better. I apologize.
Timothy Wadhams: No, no. I meant in terms of increasing costs.
Ivy Zelman: Okay.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, That's what I meant, I'm sorry. Just in terms of--
Ivy Zelman: But do you, do you have a view on the second half of the year if its going be sequentially equal to the first half or it will be worse in kind of just a more specific outlook and then a contingency plan if it gets a lot worse from whatever your outlook is?
Timothy Wadhams: In terms of the raw materials? Or just in terms for the business in general?
Ivy Zelman: No, overall. Yes business total, forget raw materials, sorry.
Timothy Wadhams: I apologize. Yes, no I think in the second half that, it's been tough in the first half and I think our feeling is that where we're at relative to guidance, mid or low double to mid teens is probably where we are going to end up. I don't see it getting a whole lot worse in the second half at this point. I think potentially some of the stimulus that the government is trying ought to have a little bit of favorable impact but again that's really hard to say. I think it's worse right now than a lot of people think. But I think our feeling is that it ought to probably stay about the same but Richard may have a comment on that in terms of his view.
Richard Manoogian: I think Ivy our general feeling is that business conditions in our markets are worse than most people feel and if anything continues to deteriorate further and we put into our guidance an assumption we don't see any significant improvement in those markets in the next six months and there might even be some further modest deterioration.
Timothy Wadhams: Europe, Ivy, as probably you did mention Europe in your opening question and Europe is probably the one area that is may be a little more uncertain than anything else because we've seen some just very dramatic declines just in the last couple of months there.
Ivy Zelman: So if I hear you guys correctly, it's possible if you get sequentially worse but sort of factoring in pretty much of similar, sort of same type of environment but not materially worse, I guess if that is correct, Richard maybe you can comment assuming your stark forecast is off by 20%. Does it change your thoughts about being, I guess aggressive with cash and buying back stock or any thoughts the dividend or cash flow and would it, in a contingency scenario would it change or not relatively to --?
Richard Manoogian: I think it won't have a dramatic effect on our perception of the cash flow balance sheet for the rest of this year. One reason that even if housing starts took another lag down, there is a lag effect before that translates into our business of one to two quarters. So, I think the bigger question Mark is that '09, and is '09 possibly going to be worse than '08. And there are some people, you might be one of them who feel the risks are on the downside in '09. And I would say to you that right now all things being equal, I would agree with that but I think if other actions aren't taken the risks are greater on the downside than the upside for even '09 and we're planning all of our cash flow strategies and our dividend policies and other things, on the assumption there might be some further deterioration in '09. Having said that my own philosophy is also that I think things are going to be so bad that we will see more positive action taken by the government and that might require a new President and new administration but talking to people in Congress and other people, I'll be very surprised that things deteriorate that we don't see much more positive action in '09 and a lot of that directed to specifically to the housing industry, as one of the key areas that need help and one of the areas that could stimulate the economy near term. In my own mind I think '09 could improve from '08 but it's going to take new actions to make that happen and we haven't factored that into your planning.
Ivy Zelman: And, one last question just to sneak in because you brought it up Richard. Maybe you Tim want to comment on the current stimulus package that the President is supposed to sign in days. Is any thought if you think that will have a positive impact or more negligible could hard the market?
Richard Manoogian: I think the current housing bill has a limited impact in terms of changing the outlook for '09 or even the balance of '08. I think the one thing it does do is probably prevents a greater disaster from happening related to the GSEs. But in terms of stimulus, I think it's more than disaster prevention than significant stimulus. I think it's going to take I think it's going to take significantly more action to really cause a stimulus.
Timothy Wadhams: On whether I know or might it has a positive impact on consumer confidence in terms of any action they take which might give the consumer may be reengaged a little bit but I think that the tough call.
Ivy Zelman: Right thanks guys.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you Ivy.
Operator: And we will go next to Susan McClary with UBS.
Susan McClary: Good morning.
Timothy Wadhams: Hi, Susan.
Susan McClary: I was wondering if you could just give us some color on what just being in terms of the financial help us some where you build your customers.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes on the builder side, sure we had I think in the quarter about $4 million of bad debt expense. And that was I think on top of about two in the first quarter. So year-to-date were at about 6 million, we have... $9 million, so were at about 9 million... I guess we have six in the first quarter and three in the second quarter. So we're at about $9 million year-to-date. That's about half of what we anticipated in our planning for the full year. Last year, you might remember in the fourth quarter we had $12 million or $13 million and ended the year of $22 million of bad debt expense. This year in the forecast we had as we indicated earlier about 20. So we're about halfway there. And Don and Johnny, Donny and John, got it mixed up. John's our CFO are doing a good job by staying on top of the builder's segment, reviewing the receivables and an ongoing basis. Don, you might want to comment on that a little bit.
Donald DeMarie Jr.: Yes, sure. John and I spent a lot of time really looking at our top 100 builder customers and really to help in those accounts and managing that receivable. The business units are really good and I got here as the receivable but we are relatively start receivable days and as a receivable turn that credit gets through evaluated on a continual basis. So we are not continuing to extend credit where the customer is no longer credit worthy. So, although it's a difficult environment I wonder that we really have to spend a lot of time on. And we believe that that it's not going to get any worse than what we projected at the beginning of the year related to our exposure.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we don't have a lot of concentration, Susan with any one builder. We've got a pretty diverse spread, if you will, relative to the receivables.
Susan McClary: Sure. Are you seeing anything now in terms of some of the smaller private guys and any kind of incremental business, may be over the last few quarters?
Timothy Wadhams: I think if anything, credit is a little bit of a challenge for them, but Donny may have little more additional perspective.
Donald DeMarie Jr.: Yes, I think they're struggling to get credit, an access to credit. But then we certainly haven't seen any uptake. We are seeing bank up these [Ph] but it --- I can't tell you that there has been any real consistency whether the size has not been a consistent factor. So I haven't seen any worse than what we have seen probably, a trend back for two or three quarters now. And I can't really give you a common threat because it just doesn't exist.
Susan McClary: Okay. Thank you.
Timothy Wadhams: : Yes. And any exposure there would be very minimal given the size of the builders you're talking about.
Susan McClary: Right, okay. Thanks.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood: Thanks. Hello everyone.
Timothy Wadhams: Hi, Nishu.
Donald DeMarie Jr.: Hi.
Nishu Sood: I wanted to ask first Tim, you were talking earlier about being scaled for say in the U.S. from $1.5 million to $1.8 million starts or so, with the reductions, the 30% reduction in your North American work force, the 11 plant closures, I would have thought that by now your capacity would have been for a much lower level of starts, say in the low ones. So I just wanted to dig down into what you mean by that when you're saying you are scaled for 1.5 to 1.8. Is that just a case of there's that latent capacity and maybe how Donny was talking about you can scale up easily. What exactly do you mean by that?
Timothy Wadhams: By what we... I think if you go back, we had about a $2 million start year like back in '05-ish and obviously we had to address the market place of that point in time and had capacity and we were stressed a little bit at that point particularly on that cabinet side. What I was really referring to is that we have the capacity in place and again as you know we're operating relatively inefficiently Donny talked a little bit about the cabinet business and some of the things that we're looking at there to scale down. But a lot of what we've done is, we've taken shifts out and in order to try to meet the decline in environment that we're in today, what I am really referring to is that, we don't have to handle a lot of brick and mortar, when the market gets back up to a level of 1.5 to 1.8. Again, we are not exactly sure when that is. But we think we can handle it and what I was really trying to get across is the point that we don't need a lot of capital to do that.
Nishu Sood: Alright. So if it you are not too focused, too much on a downside but if it, it takes a long time to get back up to that 1.5 to 1.8. Are there, what additional incremental action does that imply that you would need to take beyond work force reductions and 11 plant closures you have already done?
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I hear it gets back to some of the comments Donny made a little earlier in terms of trying to work some flexibility into our business model and the new construction site, Donny, if you want to maybe?
Donald DeMarie Jr.: That's exactly right. We have to have flexible solutions that are both scalable up and down but not only within our factory but also our supply chain. And we really have challenged everyone to think about capacity differently. Let's not plan to a start number. Let's really plan for the fact that starts are going to be cyclical and we're going to have years around a million housing starts and we are also going to have years around 2 million. And how do we think about our capacity from a standpoint of? How do we flex up and flex down? You know, what we don't want to do is save a dollar today and then ultimately spend $2 or $3 a couple of years from now bringing capacity back up. So I really ask them to think it about it almost from a whole different paradigm. It' really driven some great, really some great initiatives and we talked about a little bit earlier about the cabinet side. I think it' important we talked about what we are going to do but I also think it's important to talk about what we are not going to do. Because they haven't had a chance to talk about us. What's really sacred and one of the things we're not going to do is we're not going to limit our investment in innovation. We're going to continue to invest heavily in innovation. We've got a great pipeline full of exciting new products. We're introducing our diamond fuel technology from delta faucets, which is really an innovative no-lead solution that we think will be a game changer in the category. And our bird lighting control system, our radio frequency, energy harvesting lighting system that we'll bring it out, introduce their PCBC, we're also investing heavily in our brands. We have the premier brands in our category and we're in step up our investment in our brands that now to continue to drive our market share and we're expanding internationally. We have BEHR Paints in China through The Home Depot and Hansgrohe who has built a repeatable and successful process totally new and emerging markets. So there is lots of things we can do on the way down but we are really excited about the things that we have gone that really lead us to believe in very bright future and excited about all the initiatives and opportunities going forward.
Nishu Sood: Go it. And just a follow-up question on your key retailer sales the trends there over the last two quarters seem to have deviated from the sales of the retailers themselves being little bit worst at negative 10 I think in negative 30 this past quarter. Show me then get [indiscernible] why that might be a sudden and inventory issue is that perhaps those the categories that you are selling being hit harder then just the sales overall that this retailers what's driving that.
Timothy Wadhams: I think is broad based in terms of categories and I think it related to consumer components there could be a little bit of inventory balancing there that might be impacting also a little bit we don't usually get hit with that as much as other people do. But I think it is just really the consumer pulling back at all price points including some of the lower ticket items.
Donald DeMarie Jr.: Yes, I think there is a mix issue on the cabinet side. We really have increased sales in our, in fact, assembled product but that's been more than offset by sales in our premium product line, our special order premium product line. So have a little bit of a mix issue there that effects the overall retail sales as well.
Nishu Sood: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Timothy Wadhams: Nicole, I think we will cut the questions off here and I do have a couple of closing remarks I would like to make.
Operator: Okay go ahead.
Timothy Wadhams: Again I would like to thank all of you for joining us today and as we mentioned we continue to aggressively manage our cost structure and we worked hard over the past several quarters to offset the impact with the current economic environment on our business. While these actions have been and continually very difficult we expected additionally actions to address current market conditions will be even more challenging as we balance what we can do to mitigate the impact of the current market conditions on our near term results and the implications these actions may have our long-term performance, although the company expects to next several quarters to be very challenging the company is confident that the long-term fundamental through the new home construction and home improvements markets are positive. In these challenging times we are extremely proud of the Masco team world wide as they focused on driving solutions for our customers and value for our shareholders we continued to invest in innovations product developments and expansion in the geographies technology upgrade and process improvements pushing hard to take advantage of this cycle. We are putting particular efforts to strengthening in our all rate powerful brands we will leverage our environments reliving program and focus on sustainability in green solutions in our products and service offerings there is a of excitement in Masco, and we'd like to share that with you at the 2009 international builders show in Las Vegas. Our both will showcase our brand supported by new products and innovative customer solutions. On Wednesday January 21, we will host an investor even which will include management presentation. In addition we are partnered with professional builder magazine to design and build a green show house, which will re-build to the highest level of our environment through living program, certified green. This home will feature many of Masco's brands and sustainable products in a smart system based approach from consumers aware of what is possible today Masco branded solutions. This is a green coming out party. More information to follow and we hope that many of you can join us. Thank you, again.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wadhams - President and CEO Donald DeMarie, Jr. - EVP, COO and President, Installation Services Group Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman
Analysts: Budd Bugatch - Raymond James Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities David Goldberg - UBS Stephen East - Pali Research
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Masco Corporation 2008 First Quarter Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and simultaneously webcast. If you have not received the press release and supplemental information, they are available on Masco's website, under the Investor Relations section, at www.masco.com. This discussion includes statements that reflect the company's views about its future performance. These statements constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These views involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and accordingly, the company's results may differ materially from the results discussed in such forward-looking statements. For an explanation of various factors that may affect our performance, refer to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly the Risk Factors section and to any subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, all of which are on-file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company undertakes no obligations to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The financial and statistical data referred to on this call is included in the investor packet distributed prior to the conference call and posted on the company's website. In addition, we may refer in this call to non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by the SEC's Regulation G. Accordingly a reconciliation of the differences between such measures and the most directly comparable financial measures, calculated in accordance with GAAP, is included in the investor package. The company believes that such non-GAAP performance measures and ratios used in managing the business may provide users of this financial information with additional meaningful comparisons between current results and results in prior period. Non-GAAP performance measures and ratios should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the company's reported results under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Additional information about the company is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is available on Masco's website. After a brief discussion by management, the call will be opened for analyst questions. If we are unable to get through your questions during this call, please call the Masco Corporation Investor Relations Office, at 313-792-5500. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Timothy Wadhams, President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Marisi and thank you for joining us today for Masco Corporation's first quarter 2008 earnings call. With me are Richard Manoogian, our Executive Chairman and Donny DeMarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. This morning, we released our first quarter 2008 results. Needless to say, it was a very difficult quarter with sales in each of our product segments declining from first quarter 2007. Net sales from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2008 declined 13% to $2.4 billion, compared with $2.8 billion in 2007. North American sales declined 16%, while international sales increased 1%. In local currencies, international sales declined 8%. Income from continuing operations was $0.07 per common share and $0.35 per common share in the first quarters of 2008 and 2007, respectively. The first quarter of 2008 results included non-cash impairment charges for financial investments of $26 million pre-tax or $0.05 per share after-tax; currency losses of $10 million pre-tax, $0.02 per common share after-tax, and an increase in our cash rate compared to the first quarter 2007, which decreased earnings by $0.03 per common share. These items in aggregate reduced first quarter earnings by $0.10 per common share. Excluding these items, first quarter earnings would have been $0.17 per common share. The first quarter of 2007 results benefited from net gains related to financial investments of $22 million pre-tax or $0.04 per common share. The company has been focused on the rationalization of its businesses, including sourcing programs, business combinations or consolidations, plant closures, headcount reductions and other initiatives. During the first quarter of 2008-2007, the company incurred costs and charges of $9 million pre-tax or $0.02 per common share, and $25 million pre-tax or $0.04 per common share respectively, related to these initiatives. Segments sales for the quarter included cabinets, and related products were down 14%, largely as a result of lower sales in the new home construction market. Plumbing product sales declined 3%. Strong international sales helped to offset a decline in North America. Installation and other services sales declined 24%, as a result of continuing softness in new home construction. Decorative architectural products declined 10%. Builders hardware and paint sales declined as a result of lower than anticipated retail sales. Other specialty product sales declined 22%. Window and door products continue to be down as a result of the difficult new home construction environment in the Western United States. Key retailer sales from continuing operations declined 10% in the first quarter of 2008 compared with the decline of 2% in the first quarter of 2007 and a decline of 5% in the fourth quarter of 2007. During the month of March, across all segments of our repair-remodeling business from small to big ticket items, the consumer exhibited significantly less willingness to spend on basic repair and maintenance-type activities. This trend has continued into April. Gross margins were 25.7% in the first quarter of 2008 compared with 26.3% in 2007. Operating profit margins as reported were 6.5% in the first quarter of 2008 compared with 9% in the first quarter of 2007. SG&A expenses as a percent of sales including general corporate expense were 19.1% in the first quarter of 2008 compared with 17.3% in the first quarter 2007. Higher SG&A expenses as a percent of sales in 2008 reflect lower sales volume and increased bad debt expense, principally related to new home construction. General corporate expense was 1.8% in both the first quarter of 2008 and 2007. The company's reported tax rate on income from continuing operations was 53% in the first quarter of 2008 and 37% in the first quarter of 2007. The company anticipates that its tax rate on income from continuing operations for 2008 will approximate 48% to 49%. The increase in the expected tax rate for 2008 is primarily due to U.S. taxes on anticipated dividend distributions of low-taxed foreign earnings. These dividends are being distributed to utilize favorable provisions of the U.S. income tax law that are scheduled to expire at 12/31/2008. The company estimates that its tax rate on income from continuing operations for 2009 will approximate 35% to 36%. Working capital, defined as accounts receivables and inventories less accounts payable, at March 31, 2008 was 17.3% of sales compared to 17.4% a year earlier. For the 12 months ended March 31, 2008-2007, return on invested capital as reported was 8.5% and 8.8% respectively. Return on invested capital as reconciled was 9.2% and 11.3% respectively. Debt as a percent of total capitalization was 51% at both March 31, 2008 and 2007. At the end of the quarter, the company had a strong balance sheet with over $600 million of cash and cash equivalents and $2 billion in unused bank lines. Business conditions remain difficult in a number of the company's markets. Obviously, the first quarter of 2008 was very difficult for Masco. As we mentioned during our 2007 year-end conference call, low double-digit sales declines that we experienced in late 2007 continued into early 2008. In March, the decline in our sales accelerated and our sales were down high teens in terms of percent. The company continues to estimate that 2008 current [ph] housing starts will decline an additional 25% to 33% to a range of 900,000 to 1 million units, compared to 1.3 million units in 2007. In the first quarter of 2008, housing starts declined 30%. While the company's view on housing starts for 2008 has not changed since it developed its earnings guidance earlier this year, the company currently believes that consumer spending for home improvement products and demand for certain of the company's international products will be weaker than originally anticipated. As a result, the company currently estimates that its 2008 sales percentage decline will be at low double-digits to mid teens compared to 2007. The company's previous guidance estimated that 2008 sales decline would be high single to low double digits. While forecasting future business conditions in the current uncertain economic environment remains very challenging, the company currently believes that 2008 earnings will be in a range of $0.50 to $0.65 per common share. This compares to the company's previous guidance of $0.85 to $1.15 per common share. The company estimates that free cash flow, cash from operations, after capital expenditures and before dividends will continue to be strong and approximate $640 million compared to its previous estimate of approximately $700 million. The company's revised guidance also reflects increasingly competitive market conditions for its services and products and increasing costs for freight and logistics and for certain commodities, including metals and commodities impacted by energy costs. The company's revised guidance estimates that its full year tax rate will approximate 48% to 49% as I mentioned earlier, which compared to the company's normalized tax rate of approximately 36%, will reduce earnings by approximately $0.17 per common share. The company's previous guidance estimated that 2008 full year tax rate would approximate 42% to 43% and reduce earnings by $0.11 per common share compared to the company's normalized tax rate. The increase in the estimated 2008 tax rate reflects a decrease in the company's projected 2008 pre-tax income from continuing operations. Again, the company estimates that its tax rate on income from continuing operations for 2009 will approximate 35% to 36%. The company's revised guidance includes the first quarter 2008 impairment charges for financial investments and currency losses, the impact of discontinued operations and the benefit of the first quarter 2008 share repurchases. These items, together with the expected increase in the tax rate, decrease full year estimated earnings by approximately $0.27 per common share net. Relative to these items, the company's previous guidance reflected that earnings would be reduced by $0.11 per common share, based on the expectation that the full year tax rate would increase to 42% to 43%. In thinking about our current guidance, which includes discontinued operations.... excuse me, which excludes discontinued operations, our current guidance of $0.50 to $0.65 per common share, if we exclude the impact of the financial asset impairment $0.05, the currency losses of $0.02 and the increase in the tax rate of $0.17, our guidance would have been in a range of $0.74 to $0.89 per common share. During the first quarter of 2008, the company repurchased 5 million shares of company common stock. The company had approximately 36 million shares remaining at March 31, 2008 under its repurchased authorization. We repurchased over 500,000 shares of our common stock in April, 2008. Given our revised guidance and the difficult market environment, I am sure that many of you have questions related to our strategy of returning cash to shareholders and the status of our dividend. As we mentioned on our last call, management expects to recommend to our Board of Directors later this year that we increase Masco's dividend for the 50th consecutive year. This reflects our current expectation from a macro standpoint that the decline in new home construction and the home improvement products markets, will bottom in 2008 and at least modestly improve in 2009. As I mentioned earlier, we expect free cash flow to approximate $640 million, which is almost twice our aggregate 2007 full year dividend. We have always said that over the long term, we believe that our ability to generate excess cash will allow us to return a billion dollars to shareholders on average annually. And that there will be some years where we exceed that amount as we did the last five years and some years where we may be less than a billion dollars. Given the current operating environment, 2008 aggregate dividends and share repurchases may not total a billion dollars. We continue to aggressively manage our cost structure and have worked hard over the past several quarters to offset the impacts of current market conditions on our businesses. As mentioned earlier, our gross margins were only down 60 basis points quarter-over-quarter, even though our sales were down 13%. Obviously, we are pleased with that outcome. Since late 2006, we have closed 11 manufacturing facilities, and in our installation services business, we have closed over 65 facilities and reduced vehicles by more than 2500. Company wide, we have reduced headcount by more than 15,000, reducing our North American headcount by an excess of 25%. While these actions have been difficult, we expected additional actions to address current marketing conditions will even... will be even more challenging as we balance what we can do to mitigate the impact of current market conditions on our near-term results and the implications these actions may have on our long-term performance. Although the company expects market conditions in its industry over the next several quarters to be very challenging, the company is confident that the long-term fundamentals for new home construction and home improvement products markets are positive. The company believes that its current strategy of dividend increases and share repurchases, concentrating on organic growth, improving returns and generating superior cash flow, together with the leveraging of the combined market strength of its retail service, distribution and installation capabilities, brands and scale will allow Masco to continue to drive long-term growth and value for its shareholders. Now, I'd be happy to take questions or comments. Joining me are Richard Manoogian, our Executive Chairman and Donny DeMarie, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. We'll go to our first question, Budd Bugatch with Raymond James.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Good morning, Richard. Good morning, Don. Can you make sure we understand how you are going from the 85 to... $0.85 - $0.15 to $0.50 - $0.65 in those? Can you go over again, those items because I come up short on a couple of fronts. So I want to make sure I get that right.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: What you've got Budd is basically an increase in the tax rate, which we estimate is going to be about $0.06 a share.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Right.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: The impartment charges that we had in the first quarter which is $0.05.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Right.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: The currency losses which were $0.02.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Right.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: And then the discontinued ops, we had about... in our original guidance, we had about $0.04 of discontinued operations included in the $0.85 to $1.15 for the businesses that we're going to dispose. And if you take those items, that totals about $0.17. In addition to that, one of the other changes is the positive impact of share repurchases in the first quarter, which were made in the first quarter, which would have about a $0.01 impact on the full year. So there is about $0.16 of items that I guess that we call or term may be non-operating if you will, or more of a one-time type situation.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: So that leaves you at $0.19 to $0.34 to account for from volume and commodity input costs. Right?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that would be right. There is about $0.19 as well as about $0.34, and that really reflects the drop in volume primarily, that we're anticipating or moving from high single to low double to mid-teens in terms of sales decline. And most of that decline, if not all of it, is really related to the consumer side of the business as well as Europe.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Now that gets me about $0.12 to $0.24, would kind of leaves me like $0.07 to $0.10 short which would be commodity, is that kind of a way to think about that and size it?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I'm not sure that I would look at it quite that we way Budd. I think it depends obviously on what sales decline number you are using and so, that gets to you to a certain extent and I am not sure what contribution margin you have. But basically that fall off would be a combination that is mostly driven by volume decline. There would be a little bit of commodity-related cost in there as well.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Well, I was using 2% to 4% as a difference from your original guidance and about $0.06 a share or 35% contribution margin per each 100... each 1% difference in that volume. Is that not the way to think about it?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes,I'd be looking at a little bit higher change in sales.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Little bit higher change in sales and what about the contribution margin?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: You are right. Budd we need to be on the contribution margin.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Alright, very good. Thank you very much. I'll let some others ask questions.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Budd.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Rehaut with J.P. Morgan.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: Yes. Hi, good morning. How are you?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Mike.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: First question is just on a couple of the different segment margins. You were well below what I was looking for in cabinets and actually have a positive surprise on the plumbing?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: And I was wondering if you could just kind of go through the drivers of what was this quarter kind of like the surprise on the downside, if I am thinking perhaps freight or energy for cabinets or if there were things that kind a went your away on plumbing, if that was all international currency or what were the drivers there?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. On cabinets Mike we will start off there. We have got about $95 million drop in sales and I think about $50 million drop in profit, year-over-year and obviously that's a bit beyond contribution margin. We did have some significant inefficiencies in manufacturing in the first quarter. In fact, we did have one of our major plants closed, literally closed for I think about a week early in the quarter. We also, as you probably remember, have a couple of new plants that we're bringing up in the Western part of the United States and obviously, we launched those early last year and those continued to be pretty inefficient and in fact, from a capacity utilization standpoint across that segment, we're pretty inefficient relative to current volumes. As we've mentioned in the past on the builder side particularly, we have an interrelationship if you will among your plants with component plants that supply assembly plants and finishing plants and that type of thing. We are running that one shift in a lot of those locations. So, at this point, we're not real efficient but we don't really have a whole lot of choice in terms of the interrelationship of the manufacturing footprint. We also had significant decline in performance in Europe. Particularly, in our Moore's operation which is in the UK, which not only builds but also installs cabinets, and I think you're aware of the climate in the UK relative to new home construction. Couple other things there; we had some incremental customer-related expenses in the first quarter versus last year, and I think the other item that I guess I would mention too is mix. We've seen a shift in mix. We've talked about this now for a number of quarters, away from high-end cabinets, which typically have a higher margin to some lower-end products. So I think Mike, those would... that's a lot of different items, but I think that pretty much covers the landscape relative to cabinets. In terms of plumbing, we were up... excuse me, we were down about $20 million in sales and up about $19 million or so in profit. And I think a couple of things there; number one, we continue to do very well in Europe with Hansgrohe operation. That business continues to perform quite well and as... I know you are aware they have a very nice globalization strategy that they are following. So, we had very good performance there. We also had... even though sales were down in North America. We had good performance some continuing improvement, if you will, relative to our North American operations. As you know, we've had some leadership changes on a couple of key situations there and have been working to really rationalize the supply chain in terms of some of the outsourced product that we have been working on over the last couple of years and we are starting to see some of those benefits show up. And I think that's a continuation of what you saw during 2007. I would tell you having said that, and we are very pleased with the first quarter performance in that segment. You may be aware that copper prices are starting to tick-up a little bit and commodities are probably going to be a little more challenging going forward. Obviously we'll do every thing we can to offset that but, we are real pleased with the performance in plumbing in the first quarter.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: I appreciate that detail, Tim. That was that was very helpful. I guess just a follow-up. On the cabinets, you had mentioned a bunch of things and I guess it would seem like the inefficiencies that you had mentioned off the bat are really coming to bear a fuller brunt on the margins and so, you had mentioned that you have some obligations there, that you have some partnerships. But are we to expect kind of a depressed margin for a year or two, given the...if we were to expect more depressed level in housing starts or are there things that you can do, because I would assume otherwise, if you'd have to run these plants, you might be stuck in a mid-single digit margin for a year or two.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, one thing Mike real quick, you mentioned partnerships; I didn't mean to imply that. What we have really are, these are all facilities that we own that in terms of our supply chain, we've got some plants that make only components, for example that do not assemble and will ship components to our assembly plant. So, it's not like we can take out just the plants that... plans aren't doing all of what needs to be done to make a cabinet. So, we got that interrelationship issue. In terms of things we can do, I think obviously, when you look at the headcount reductions and you might remember that when we talked just in mid-February, we have reduced headcount by 11,000 people from that late 2006 timeframe. That number currently is at 15,000. So that means we've been obviously pretty active over the course of the last couple of months in addressing the downturn. And I think as we said before and as we saw late last year, I think both of our cabinet operations in North America have done a very good job of trying to right size to the market conditions. So, I think... are there things we can do? sure, there are things we will be doing, there are things that were on top off. But having said that I think in terms of the volume levels we're at to-date, and again with the mix change that we're seeing, it's going to be a little bit of time before things start to pick up and before we start to see a volume return.
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: Michael, this is Donny. Let me jump in here. There are some things we can do that we're working on. One of them is looking at our common architecture in all of our boxes and that we can make any box at any plant. In this thing we are working on is really are spending money in the factories and investing some capital payable to order to finish in all of our facilities. So, if we can get that done during this year, that certainly gives us some more ability to get after the costs without impacting our ability to perform on the way back up with the market.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Mike one other thing to that. Forgot to point out is, keep in mind that the first quarter seasonally is a low quarter. Just in terms of volume, the first and the fourth tend to be our lowest, from our company perspective and that would certainly be true in the cabinet segment.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: Great, I appreciate it. And just one more if I can squeeze it in. Just on the installation Donny, I appreciate the incremental comments on cabinets. But I guess turning to you on your core bread and butter. Obviously, that kind of turned a little negative in terms of operating profit, extreme depressed volume but at the same time we have always understood this to be a highly variable cost business. So I was wondering if you can kind of review with us A) the fixed versus variable cost structure and if there are some kind of structural improvements that you can make to boost the margins over the next couple of years, even within a depressed-volume environment?
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: Sure, I'll be happy to talk about it. Michael, we don't give out the breakdown between fixed and variable, but let's talk a little bit about what's going on in that segment to address the changes. We clearly have been trying to play catch up. There is a lag between the point at which we can take the cost out of the business and the reduction in the housing starts. And as that segment has worked very, very hard to continue to reduce costs, they are constantly having to reevaluate their position relative to a new housing start number. And so they play catch up now for the last 18 to 24 months with constantly a moving target related to the housing starts. There is more we can do. We continue to look at our cost structure, we look at our facilities, we look at our people, we look at our vehicles, all of which tend to be variable in nature and we continue to cut a way out of it. There are things we can do to grow certain product lines, where our direct margins are still doing well and we are looking at that as well. But at the end of the day, services is about being to perform in a market that's going to be a little bit more robust, of 900,000 units. So we got to be careful not to take out the facilities that we'll need in the major metropolitan areas and the product lines and capabilities will need on the way back up. So it's a balancing act. I think the Group has done a very, very good job. I think if you look at their performance versus the peer group, I think it's been outstanding. And I think if you look at their performance really relative to the sales declines faced against their contribution margin, you'll see they have done a really good job in taking costs out of the business. So, we'll continue to get after it, there is more we can do, but it's going to be challenging, it's going to be a challenging year for that segment.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: I appreciate it, Donny.
Operator: We'll take your next question from Pete Lisnic with Robert Baird.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Pete.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey Tim, just on the... thanks for the capital allocation color. I am just wondering if you look at the leverage situation, is there going to be a point in time here when we start to talk may be de-leveraging the balance sheet, instead of buying back shares a bit. If you look at... well, I don't know our preliminary model, you've got net debt to EBITDA starting to approach three times I guess on a forward basis. Where do you get concerned or when do we start talking about de-leveraging?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Mike... Pete, we have $100 million due this year, and I think its either September or October, and we are planning to repay that with internally generated cash. But as we look out into the future, the only significant debt we have due, I think we have got $300 million due in 2010, which is a floater, which at this point I don't really have a feel of whether we'll refinance that or pay it down. But then, you really have to out to 2012 before there is any significant debt payable. And so, from that perspective, there is no major issue at this point in time. We have very attractive interest rates. We believe we were fortunate enough to time some of our financing over the course of the last three, four years to affect some pretty good interest rates. So, I am not concerned about our leverage at this point in time. I don't have that concern. I mean... as you know, we generate an awful lot of cash. Even in difficult times, we generate good cash and certainly, when the markets recover and we get back on upward trajectory, we should be in a very good position from a cash standpoint.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, thank you for that. And then, I guess second question, and I may have missed this in the opening commentary. But, in terms of the competitive landscape, can you maybe touch on higher faring competitively in the various businesses relative to your competitors in terms of share? Are there particular businesses that are under significant competitive pressure relative to others or just some commentary on that front?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think in this environment Pete, just about all of our businesses are in a very competitive environment if you will. As I mentioned, from a share perspective, I think my feeling is they were holding our loan. It doesn't mean there aren't certain situations where we will walk away from an opportunity if prices are not attractive and we will do that and we have done that. I would say in cabinets, couple of points there. I mentioned a shift in mix that we talked about little earlier from sort of into more of a value kind of concept if you will from high end. We've also in the past mentioned from a cabinet perspective that a lot of our activity on the builder side was with some of the larger builders. And as know, they are down any where around 40% plus, with some of the smaller local regional guys may be down well, previously may be 15% now may be more like 25%. So in terms of them having a little bit more difficulty, if you will, in this environment we are in, that's impacted some of the builder cabinet side. But beyond that, as I said I think we are holding our own. I mean this is a very difficult marketplace to really assess share one way or another really. But I'll let Donny comment a little bit but, I don't think we've got any concerns at any place I am aware of. Donny?
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: No, we've seen that we are doing well. We do have that mix so both on the builder side and the retail side in cabinets, with the builders really de-contenting or moving down to more value product lines. And you are also having retail, where we've seen the special order premium products. Sales have been soft now for several quarters and... but the in-stock assembled cabinet really seems to be doing reasonably well. I mean I would mention that one bright spot is that we believe that Bear continues to take market share, and in spite of the sales decline in the quarter in decorative, that the Bear relative to its competitive peer group, appears to be taking share and we are very proud of their efforts.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, that's it for me. Thanks for the color, guys.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Pete.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Hello, guys.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Den how are you doing?
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Fine. First question, I guess for either for Richard or Tim, and you guys have talked about in the past the typical counter-cyclicality of the home improvement market and the idea the our consumers more apt to tune [ph] that in the current house if there is not a lot of turnover on the new side and that certainly seems to be kind of going against the traditional trend. I was wondering if you could just talk about what's your opinions are about the risk of that segment deteriorate even further. It seems like any risk to the earnings will be more on the consumer side and the DIY side and on the new construction started at this point, but just thought you could address that relative to some prior comments that you guys have made?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Dennis, I'll take the shot at it and Richard can weigh in and give a little bit of his economic view but. No, I think that's right. I think that on the consumer side at this point in time, I think I heard just a couple of days ago that the University of Michigan consumer confidence index fell from I think 69-ish to now to 62 for the... I guess, what is the third or fourth straight month; and I think with energy prices where they are right now... energy affects us from an operational standpoint. It affects us from a raw material standpoint. But it also affects us from a consumer standpoint, particularly for lower-end items. And when people are paying the kind of prices they are paying at the gas station, there is a lot less left. And so we even saw a bit of slowing for lower ticket items. And I think the other thing that we have experienced that we have talked about in the past is that, if you go back three or four years and look at the equity extraction that took place and the investment of some of that in repair-remodel, obviously that's not going on now. Now, those things can be deferred for a while, but we certainly believe that when this comes back that there will be a pent-up demand in terms of repair-remodeling and the hope would be that that would include obviously the products that we certainly manufacture, the sweet spot where we are in the kitchen and bath.
Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman: Yes, this is Richard. Just to reinforce what Tim has said, I've been through a lot of cycles over 50 years and this is only the second one in which home improvement products went down at the same time as home building. The only other time that happened previously was back in the 1970s, when interest rates or in the teens and consumers weren't buying anything to speak of. And as Tim mentioned, the one that change here is that we have had equity extraction in the last few years. It's hard to determine how much business might have been pulled forward into the previous few years. And secondly, this is a consumer recession and consumers are cutting back where they can and in fairness they are uncertain as to the value of their homes. And until home prices bottom out, I think there is a lot of reluctance for people to put thousand of dollars of additional investment in their home in high cost kitchen and bathroom expansion. So, I think all that just takes time to work out. But our experience has been that ultimately if anything, a slowdown in housing stimulates renovation and repair and remodeling of people staying in their homes. And if it takes on an extended period of time for that to work out, you might even get some deferred demand down the road in two or three years. So, I think it's an unusual situation. I think it's temporary. The difficulty is it's very hard to say what the bottom is and how long it might last before we get back to normal economic trends.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Given what you touched on there, it sounds like you think we are in a recession and given how deep this has turned out to be on the housing side relative your experience, do you think that expectations are too high for the second half of the year that this could be a quick turn off?
Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman: Well it depends on whose expectations. We've been saying for some time that we're seeing a consumer recession. And I think you're beginning to hear that in more places. It wouldn't surprise me if you get some static and counter reports over the next few months, if the stimulus packages go out and get spent. But my own feeling is I think that's temporary, I think the consumer is stretched, I think their balance sheets are hurting and home equity financing is down, the value of their home is down. I think you will see an increase in unemployment therefore, I think the consumer recession is going to get worse before it gets better. And part of that is factored into why we've been... we hope more conservative in our projections for the next nine months that that trend is going to be in the negative side.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: All very positive stuff Richard.
Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman: Well we are sorry to think that way, but if you don't plan for that, it's a lot easier to plan for things getting better than it is for things getting worse if you don't plan ahead.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Yes, we completely agree. And just one other quick one. Donny, can you remind us on the install business; on the labor side, all those would be employees of the company. Is that correct?
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: Yes, that's correct. We'd sub-contract labor in just a few markets but, small related to the business model but it's really a small percentage of the total labor force.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay, great. And Tim, the forecast for home improvement spending for this year; I think last quarter, you guys were saying in a low single-digit type number, would you have an update on that?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, what we said Dennis last time was that we expected in the U.S. that we could be flat or maybe down 3%, and we'd be more in a range now in the U.S. of probably 3% to 5% down for our products. And again that would be for... as we think about sales in that... into that segment. The other thing I would mention too is Europe. We talked last time about Europe and you might remember that we were cautious about it. It looks now like Europe is even going to be a little weaker than what we anticipated; just a reminder that we were down 8% in local currencies. We do have a favorable translation there and we think that ought to offset, but we expect Europe to continue to be pretty soft as well.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. Alright. Thank you guys.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks. I just wanted to follow-up there. Tim, you were talking about the European operations. The color you gave was that certain items had... certain product lines had weaker sales than others. I imagine Hansgrohe was one of the stronger ones. So I was wondering if you could maybe give us some color on the product lines and distribution channels where there was greater weakness.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Grohe again is a global entity. They are headquartered in Germany, but a predominant amount of their sales are to export markets. So that insulates them a little bit. But we did not have any strength in Europe, outside of the Grohe organization. As I mentioned, the UK was very, very challenging. We have got three businesses there; a window business, a cabinet manufacturer/installer as well as a plumbing distribution-related business and all of them showed significant declines in the first quarter. In addition, relative to our ready-to-assemble operation there, another... in the cabinet segment which is a large operation, they had a very difficult quarter as well. If you might remember a couple of years ago, we had some trouble there operationally and particularly with particle board related prices. The operational problems have been addressed but there is a significant decline in demand from several of their major customers during the first quarter.
Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman: We might remind everybody too that Easter was in the first quarter this year, unlike last year when it was in the second quarter. And in retail and home improvement, Easter tends to be more of a negative than a positive, and I think particularly, in Europe where they have even greater Easter holidays than we do here, that probably pushed some business from first quarter into second quarter.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, great. And the second, you mentioned particle cost, commodity costs. Donny if you could just update us on the quantification that you have given over the past few quarters on commodity costs. I can imagine you mentioned incremental costs of metals and energy, there is probably been some offset from wood-based products and in insulation. So I was wondering if you could just give us an update on the numbers there.
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: Well what I would tell you there Nishu, is that if you go back and as we've said many times, we really started getting hit with the wave of commodity cost increases in late 2005 and probably didn't react as quickly as we should have. We are behind the eight point. I think at point our estimate was about $150 million of commodity-related costs that we had not offset by pricing. Since that point in time, we have been much more aggressive in working to offset commodity costs, whether it's through pricing productivity or sourcing. So we've been very active and my feeling is that at this point in time, absent that negative carry if you will from the first onslaught of commodity cost increases, we're in pretty good shape in terms of commodity cost versus our ability to offset it. Again with pricing or productivity, and I think you can tell that relative to our gross margins. If you go back to 2007, we were only down 30 basis points in gross margins at a 7% sales declines, and as I mentioned in our prepared remarks a few minutes ago we only dropped 60 basis points in gross margin in the first quarter of '08 compared to the first quarter of '07, even with a 13% decline in sales, which is really more like a 15% decline in terms of volume because of foreign currency. So having said that, I think that we're in pretty good shape at this point in time. I mean we have seen copper which is a major component for brass, tick up a little bit here lately. We have also seen the petroleum-based costs for some of our other manufacturing units in terms raisins for a windows components for a paint tick up relative to the energy costs that have gone up. On the other hand, to the part of your question we have seen some reduction in other commodities like for example insulation, for obvious reasons given the decline in new homes start. So I think right now we're in pretty good shape and I also believe that we've got good discipline and focus in terms of being very reactive and proactive, if you will in terms of doing that we can do to offset commodities. And I feel pretty good about that going forward. I mean that's not to say we might have an issue here or there from time-to-time at a product group. But our guys are on top of that and doing the best they can to make sure that we deal with those on a timely basis.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities: Does that mean that you push through more price increases in the first quarter, to recover. I think you'd last time $150 million as you mentioned $200 million in un-recovered costs as of the end of 4Q. So I was just wondering, if since then you've pushed there any additional price increase to recover some more of that?
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: There would be some price increases in different areas, different product groups in the first quarter.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thanks a lot.
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to David Goldberg with UBS.
David Goldberg - UBS: Good afternoon.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon, David.
David Goldberg - UBS: I wonder if you could give us... if you can kind of talk about MCS and the numbers you guys drop there with the total opportunity of the 20,000 and kind of where you are now and what you think in a slower demand environment, starts are kind of down in the range where you are now for some extended period of time. What you guys can do to gain greater market share, maybe try some operating leverage in the business?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: David, explain to me what do you mean by 20,000?
David Goldberg - UBS: The total opportunity in the house, the total opportunity for...
Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman: 20,000 that we'll take, yes.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: David, what we have done there is... I do think there is opportunity to continue to hack away at the MCS cost structure. But I do believe it's important that we maintain our location. So, and it takes a certain number of people to maintain to location. So, what that really forces us to do is take a look at each of the individual product lines and really look at opportunities within those product lines to grow those products where the direct margin is still attractive or creative to the overall earnings. And that's what the Group has really been focused on. So, it really rationalizes the product base in growing those products where we think will have a positive impact on earnings. The other thing we have been focused heavenly on as we have continued to lead the home... the new home construction market in Green and we brought environments for live into the building community in 2001. We partnered with GE on ecomagination and we believe that that creates tremendous opportunity to really increase our take per unit along energy efficiency, which is highly attractive from a direct margin point of view. It's really the core capability of that group. So, anything we can do to increase inflation values or take per unit has a big impact on our profitability. So, we are really focused on rationalizing the product lines, continuing to take costs out but really trying not to impact the footprint too dramatically, so that on the way back-up we really have the number of locations to serve the demand.
David Goldberg - UBS: I am wondering that may be Donny, give us some more detail on the green and the environment for living-type products?
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: Sure, possibly there is.
David Goldberg - UBS: Better, can you give us an idea, are consumers going to pay more for it. What's the adoption been like among consumers and how do you think that trends over time.
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: Yes, well, I think trends over time, I think its kind of a generational issue and I think it becomes more important with the younger generation. So as you get younger home buyers coming in and first movers, you clearly see that trend green and sustainability to be more important with those consumers. Our revenue related to environments for living is that those homes are high-performance homes, which means they have to work, and we drive a lot of different revenue sources but part of it is in home testing, so we test these homes, we also have plan review where we work and design in engineered specifications. We also have higher inflation values in the homes so it raise to take per unit. Obviously we are very excited about the partnership with GE and those homes and their ability to market them under the ecomagination brand. So a lot of good things in this space, we think lot opportunities for us to drive some profits.
David Goldberg - UBS: And then I would like to just get a quick follow-up, I guess along the same lines. Are you seeing any... can you give us kind of an update on the financial health of your home builder customers, and maybe if you are seeing any differences in the health of maybe some of the larger public versus kind of a smaller private guys or more...
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: Sure, John Sznewajs and I started monitoring really the top 100 builder receivables on late last year and it continued to do that on a monthly basis. And on the nice thing about, really our exposure in this area is that no one customer is really significant in size, although we have some customers with larger exposures than others, we are a pretty diversified customers group. We are not seeing any trends I would say that credit-related issues are concentrated on the big builder or small builder. Yes, it really is more related to an individual. So, we are seeing some large and regional builders have some credit-related issues and we certainly are seeing some small builders have issues. So... but we are very, very focused on that. I think we have done a nice job as far as reviewing our portfolio and staying on top, and we don't believe that although the trend would be higher bad debt expense for the first quarter this year, we think on a full year basis it will somewhat, somewhere what we see last year.
David Goldberg - UBS: So no change in reserving patterns?
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: I don't know if I can go that far, because I think we are getting into difference between reserves and expenses. But I think we won't expand the... expense we are planning to have in 08 will be similar to what we had in 07.
David Goldberg - UBS: Okay, great. Thanks.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Marisi, I think we have got time for one more question?
Operator: We'll go next to Stephen East of Pali Capital.
Stephen East - Pali Research: Thank you. Good morning.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Steve.
Stephen East - Pali Research: On your key retailers, the big drop quarter-over-quarter; as you all look at that, can tell how much of that is de-stocking by key retailers versus pure takeaway?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Steve, I don't think that de-stocking for our products is really a major issue. It's really pretty small. As you might remember, cabinets generally when we sell those through our key retail partners, are shipped directly to the end consumer. So there is no inventory there. And in terms of Behr, Behr has been able to achieve pretty much 99.9% fill rate with Depot from an inventory management standpoint. They've got a really extensive distribution in logistics network that allows them to do. So generally speaking, we don't have that kind of situation like others in this space might have from time-to-time. That's not to say there might not be a little bit of movement at quarter-to-quarter but for us it's really doesn't move the needle much.
Stephen East - Pali Research: Okay. And just two last questions. One is what the foreign currency exchange charge was and the second was, Donny if you look at your sales declines, is this on installation business I am sorry, is this all volume or is there a price volume mix going on there and could you elaborate if there is?
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. On the currency, the $0.02 Steve that we had in the quarter?
Stephen East - Pali Research: Right.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. What that relates to is a couple of different things. One is that from a tax planning standpoint, we have loans from Europe to North America that are denominated in euros and our books in North America, we have to adjust that each quarter, so that you have dollar equivalent. That adjustment tends to stay... flows through the P&L and there is no offset in terms of inter-company activity. So that was a big piece of that and we've had those over the past, Steve. From time-to-time, there might be a penny or two in a quarter. In addition to that part of the explanation, the other part is just simply transactions that get settled in a quarter or during a month, where you've got a currency that may move, whether it's a sale in one country, and a lot of that would be driven by our foreign operations.
Stephen East - Pali Research: Okay.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: And then, Donny why don't you...
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: Sure. On the price volume mix Stephen, there is a component of the sales decline in the installation of service that is related to more competitive pricing. And part of it is volume and part of it is price. I will say that the Group has done a really good job offsetting their selling price reductions with reductions in their input costs, and have done a nice job holding the direct margin consistent.
Stephen East - Pali Research: Okay. If I looked at roughly 24% down, what percentage would you say is volume-related versus price?
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: Yes.We really don't give that out Stephen. I think that the key part here is that you know where the market is down, you know the competition has been fierce out there and I think given what the peer group is reporting; you can make your assumptions about how well they are doing. I will tell you again, I would like to reiterate that from a material cost point of view, have done really good job of passing those decreases in what we have to sell for to their supply base and have done a nice job holding their gross margins.
Stephen East - Pali Research: Okay, that's fair enough. Hang in there guys.
Donald DeMarie, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President, Installation Services Group: Thanks Steve.
Timothy Wadhams - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Okay. And in wrapping up, again I would like to thank all of you for joining us today. With sales down 13%, first quarter 2008 was certainly a tough one for Masco. But even with that 13% sales decline and increasingly competitive market conditions, our gross margins were only down 60 basis points from first quarter 2007. As we pointed out on our last call, 2007 full year gross margins were only down 30 basis points compared to 2006, with sales off 7%. We are pleased that we've been able to limit the decline in gross margins and very much appreciate the efforts of our team worldwide and their actions to address difficult market conditions. We are proud of our people and are focused on driving solutions for our customers and value for our shareholders. There is no question the next few quarters are going to be challenging. While we will continuingly look for ways to improve our process efficiency and cut costs, our primary must remain on managing for the long-term growth and profitability of the company. We need to be careful not to hurt the company's future growth by eliminating investments that will differentiate our future products and services. Rather we will continue to invest in innovated new products, improve the business systems within our operating divisions and rationalize our plants and facilities. We believe that the industry will eventually rebound, and when that happens, we expect Masco to be well positioned to leverage our strengths and market conditions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-12 15:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wadhams - CEO, President Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman Donald J. DeMarie - EVP and COO
Analysts: Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James Jennifer Consoli - J.P. Morgan Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Kenneth Zener - Merrill Lynch Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Masco Corporation 2007 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and simultaneously web cast. If you have not received the press release and supplemental information they are available on Masco's website under the Investor Relations section at www.masco.com. This discussion includes statements that reflect the company's views about its future performance. These statements constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These views involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and accordingly the company's results may differ materially from results discussed in such forward-looking statements. For an explanation of various factors that may affect our performance, refer to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly the risk factor section and to any subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, all in which are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events or otherwise. The financial and statistical data referred to on this call is included in the investor package distributed prior to the conference call and posted on the company's website. In addition, we may refer to this call as non-GAAP financial measures as defined in the SEC's Regulation G accordingly. A reconciliation of the difference between such measures and the most direct comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with the GAAP is included in investor package. The company believes that such non-GAAP performance measures and ratios, used in managing this business may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparisons between current results and results in prior periods. The non-GAAP performance measures and ratios should be viewed in addition to and not as an alternative for the company's reports... results under accounting principles generally accepted in United States. Additional information about the company is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is available on Masco's website. After a brief discussion by management, the call will be open for analyst questions. If we are unable to get to your questions during this call, please call the Masco Corporation, Investor Relations office at area code 313-792-5500. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Timothy Wadhams, Chief Executive Officer of Masco. Mr. Wadhams, please go ahead.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you Derrill. And I thank all of you for joining us today for Masco Corporations' 2007 year-end earnings call. With me are Richard Manoogian, our Executive Chairman and Don DeMarie our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. This morning we released our year-end results. Net sales from continuing operations for 2007 declined 7% to $11.8 billion compared with $12.7 billion for 2006. North American sales declined 12%, while international sales increased 15%. In local currencies, international sales increased 5%. Income from continuing operations was $1.62 per share and a $1.99 per common share for 2007 and 2006 respectively, excluding non-cash impairment charges for goodwill and other intangible assets. Including these charges, income from continuing operations as reported was $397 million or $1.06 per common share for 2007. The company has been focused on the rationalization of our business, including sourcing programs, business combinations, plant closures, headcount reductions, plant start-ups, systems implementations and another initiatives. During 2007 and 2006 the company incurred net costs and charges related to these initiatives of $79 million pre-tax or $0.13 per common share, and $47 million pre-tax or $0.8 per common share respectively. Our fourth quarter 2007 net sales from continuing operations declined 8% from last year to $2.7 billion. Masco's North American sales for the fourth quarter declined 13%, international sales increased 11%, and in local currencies, international sales increased 1% compared with 2006. Excluding the non-cash impairment charges for goodwill and other intangible assets, the income from continuing operations for 2007 fourth quarter was $0.19 per common share compared with $0.35 per common share in the prior year. Including these charges, loss from continuing operations for the 2007 fourth quarter was a loss of $0.39 per common share compared with a loss of $0.44 per common share in the prior year. Segment sales for the fourth quarter. Cabinets and Related Products were down 11% largely as a result of lower sales in the new home construction market. Plumbing products sales increased 3%, primarily driven by our continued international growth, which was particularly strong and hence [ph] growing. Installation and other services declined 19%. Sales with large public builder customers continue to be down more than other builder customers as they make significant efforts to reduce inventory and adjust their building pace to meet current market demand. Decorative architectural product sales declined 1%. Positive sales of paints and stains in the quarter were offset by weaker builder hardware sales. And other specialty product sales declined 12%. Window and door products continue to be down as a result of the difficult new home construction environment in the Western United States. Key retailer sales from continuing operations decreased 5% in the 2007 fourth quarter compared with a decrease of 1% for the nine months ended September 30th, 2007. For the full year 2007, Key retailer sales declined 2%. During our third quarter conference call, we indicated that we expected to achieve or modestly exceed the top end of our EPS guidance range of $1.55 to $1.65 per common share. Obviously, at $1.62 of EPS we didn't quite get there. As we mentioned on our third quarter call, October sales were relatively strong declining low single digit. And we expected sales for the quarter to decline mid-single digit. Company-wide, sales for November and December in aggregate declined low double digits as compared to 2006. This greater than expected decline in sales volume in the fourth quarter along with increased bad debt expense and employee separation related cost reduced our results by approximately $0.06 per common share from what we had anticipated at the time of the third quarter call. Gross margins were 27.3% in full year 2007 compared with 27.6% in 2006. Operating margins as reported were 8.1% in 2007 compared with 9% and those are full-year comparisons. SG&A expense as a percent of sales including general corporate expense were 17.2% in full-year 2007 compared with 16%. Higher SG&A expenses as a percent of sales in 2007 reflect increased by bad debt expense, principally related to the new home construction market, increased systems implementation costs and increased employee separation and severance costs. General corporate expense was 1.5% of sales in 2007 compared with 1.6% in 2006. The company's reported tax rate and income from continuing operation operations excluding the impairment charges for goodwill and other intangible assets was 36% in 2007 and 33% in 2006. The company anticipates that its tax rate on income from continuing operations for 2008 will approximate 42% to 43%. The increase in the expected tax rate for 2008 is primarily due to the U.S. tax on anticipated dividend distributions of low tax foreign earnings, these dividends are being distributed to utilize favorable provisions of the U.S. Income tax law that are scheduled to expire at December 31, 2008.The company estimates that its tax rate on income from continuing operations for 2009 will approximate 35% to 36%. Working capital, defined as accounts receivable and inventories less accounts payable at December 31, 2007 improved to 15.4% of sales, compared to 16.1% last year. For the 12 months ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, return on invested capital as reported was 8.6% and 9.8% respectively. Return on invested capital as reconciled was 10.3% and 12.4% respectively. Even though our results, reflecting the economic environment, were significantly reduced from 2006 in terms of sales and earnings, we were pleased with our balance sheet management and focused on improving returns including working capital management, which resulted in free cash flow defined as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and before dividends of approximately $980 million. Masco over the past five years has generated $5 billion of free cash flow. Debt as a percent of total capitalization was 50% at December 31, 2007 compare with 53% a year ago. At the end of the year the company had a strong balance sheet with over $900 million of cash and cash equivalents and $2 billion in unused bank lines. During 2007 the company repurchased 31 million shares of company common stock, including 2 million in the fourth quarter. The company had approximately 41 million shares remaining at December 31, 2007 under its repurchase authorization. During 2007, the company returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and share purchases. The company has returned over $6 billion to shareholders over the last five calendar years through the repurchases of 157 million shares and dividends. The company expects to continue to return a minimum of $1 billion annually to shareholders, on average, through share purchases and dividends as part of its ongoing commitment to value creation. We anticipate that free cash flow, cash from operations after capital expenditures which are estimated at $240 million in 2008 and before dividends should approximate in 2008 $700 million, which is about twice the 2007 full year dividend payments. In addition, we ended 2007 with over $900 million of cash and cash equivalents. Management will recommend our Board of Directors later this year that we increased Masco's dividend for the 50th consecutive year. In addition, we've already repurchased approximately 3 million shares of our common stock so far in 2008. Economic conditions remain difficult in a number of the company's markets. Housing starts declined 25% in 2007 due to excess inventories of homes and less attractive mortgage terms. The company expects a further decline in housing in 2008 and continued softness in sales of existing homes. In addition, the company anticipates a decline in consumer spending for home improvement products. And notwithstanding recent actions by the Federal Reserve and the government to stimulate economic growth, the company believes the 2008 will be a difficult year for the overall U.S. economy. In the fourth quarter of 2007, the company also experienced a softening of demand for certain of its international products due to declining European economies. As a result, the company currently estimates that 2008 sales will decline high single to low double digits compared with 2007. If our sales decline in 2008, this will mark the first time in 50 years that Masco has experienced two years of consecutive sales declines. While forecasting future business conditions in the current uncertain economic environment remains challenging, the company currently believes that 2008 earnings will be in a range of $0.85 to $1.15 per common share. Even with this reduced earnings, as mentioned, the company's free cash flow will continue to be relatively strong and should approximate $700 million. This guidance reflects the company's estimate that 2008 housing starts will decline an additional 25% to 33% to a range of 900,000 to 1 million units compared with the over 1.3 million units in 2007. The company also expects the consumer spending for home improvement products will continue to decline and the demand for certain of the company's international products, which increased 5% local currencies in 2007 will moderate. In addition, the company's guidance reflects an estimated full year 2008 tax rate of approximately 42% to 43%, again due to the U.S. tax on the anticipated repatriation of foreign earnings, which compared to the company's normalized tax rate of 36% will reduce earnings by approximately $0.11 per common share on a one-time basis. As well as... we also expect continued relatively high cost for certain commodities including copper and energy. We've worked hard over the past several quarters to offset the impacts of the current marketing conditions on our businesses. As mentioned earlier, our gross margins were only down 30-basis points year-over-year, even though our sales were down 7%. Obviously, we are pleased with that outcome. Since late 2006, we have closed 10 manufacturing facilities. In our installation services business, we have closed over 60 facilities and reduced vehicles by more than 2000. And company-wide, we've reduced headcount by approximately 11,000 reducing our North American headcount by approximately 22%. While these actions have been difficult, we expect that additional actions to address current market conditions will be even more challenging as we balance what we can do to mitigate the impact of current market conditions on our near-term results and the implications of these actions on our long-term performance. The company expects market conditions in its industries in the next several quarters to be very challenging. The company is confident that its strategy of dividend increases and share repurchases, while concentrating on organic growth, improving returns and generating superior cash flow, will generate value for our shareholders. The company's strategy together with the leveraging of the combined market strength of its retail service, distribution and installation capabilities, brands and scale will allow Masco to continue to differentiate itself and drive long-term growth. Now, I'd be happy to take questions or comments. Joining me are Richard Manoogian, Masco's Executive Chairman, and Donny DeMarie, Masco's Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question with Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Good morning.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Good morning, Sam.
Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman: Bill, what was the gap in between prices and raw materials in Q1?
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Three quick questions, if I might. First off, looking at the returning... or I am sorry, the repurchase of stock perspective in 2008, your free cash flow, it looks like half of it is going to go towards the dividend. Would you, at current levels, choose to leverage up the balance sheet a little bit? I know on average you said $1 billion, but it doesn't mean every year. Or would you just choose to take the remainder of free cash flow and look at it in that way?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Sam, as we've said in the past, we expect to average $1 billion and when we made that communication several years ago we indicated that that was a long-term expectation. We also said at that time that there'll be some years where we would be above and some of our years where we might be below. At this point in time given the uncertainty in the marketplace, I don't think it's very likely that we would leverage up in terms of share repurchases. We do have, as we said, $900 million of cash plus an expectation that will generate another $700 million. And it is possible that this year we might be a little bit below that $1 million number. But again, I think it's a little early in the year to make any kind of prediction on that. As we mentioned earlier we do anticipate recommending to the Board that we will increase the dividend... suggesting to the Board that we increase the dividend this year.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Okay. Tim, two other quick questions, key retailer sales down 5% in the quarter after having been a little bit less [inaudible] earlier. Was that at least in large part due to inventory rationalization at retail? And then what are you assuming for key retailer sales in 2008 in terms of a change versus '07?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yeah Sam, there could have been maybe a little bit of inventory rationalization but I don't think that was a major issue for us. Basically we saw a decline in the later part of the year, pretty much across all of our channels. And that... and certainly new home construction was difficult but sales to key retailers, sales through wholesale distribution channels were also challenged in that period of time. In terms of your question relative to '08, we do expect some continuation of slowness on the consumer side and in fact our January sales were down low double digits, continuation of what we really saw in November and December late last year.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Last question, I'll defer to others... the international degradation of organic sales in the international markets, are you assuming also that the international end markets in local currencies are down on a year-on-year basis in '08?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yeah, I think based on what we know right now, Sam, we would expect that sales internationally in local currencies would probably be down... flat to down in 2008. Yes.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Yes. Thank you for being clear on the questions. Thanks a lot.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you, Sam.
Operator: And we will take our next question with Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Please go ahead Sir.
Jennifer Consoli - J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning, this is Jen Consoli on the line for Mike.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Hi, Jen.
Jennifer Consoli - J.P. Morgan: Hi. My question is in looking at some of your FY '08 guidance assumptions and trying to back into some of the numbers here, I'm getting to about an operating margin year-over-year contraction of about 180, 190 bips. I just wanted to see, number one, does that sound reasonable? And number two, if you could kind of walk us through the different individual components of what would makeup that decline specifically... cost savings and productivity, any type of raw materials guidance and I know you also talked about... the bad debt expense, how much of an impact do you expect that to have in 2008 as well?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yeah, we typically don't give guidance on margins, I think you would expect obviously, we've indicated that we expect sales to be down high single digits to low double digits, and the high contribution margins at approximately 30%. There obviously would be a decline in... or an impact on operating margins. Having said that, based on what we know right now, the expectation for commodities I think is relatively stable at this point in time, obviously energy is a little bit of a concern and we may see some issues there relative to some of the petroleum-based commodities. But copper spent up a little bit late offset by zinc being down just a little bit lately. So at this point, we don't really see a lot there. We do have about $0.06 to $0.07 in the guidance that relates to some of the different initiatives that we have been pursuing, which was about $0.13 this year and that includes ERP system implementations, plant closures, severance and some other issues. So, that is in the guidance. But, those would be I think pretty much the major components.
Jennifer Consoli - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Can you remind us what your raw materials, if you could, what your raw materials headwind was for 2007?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: 2007, we didn't really have a lot of negative impact from commodities. If you look at our gross margins, Jen, we were only down I think 30 basis points for the year and I think that's indicative of our ability to offset any cost increases with either pricing and/or productivity. So, from that perspective I think we were in pretty good shape last year relative to commodities. There might be a couple of businesses here or there, plumbing continued to have brass related cost increases, but generally speaking, from a corporate-wide perspective we were able to manage our way through that?
Jennifer Consoli - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And next question would just be, focusing more on the installation services, I know that you continue to pursue a lot of these initiative within the business, trying to increase your take per unit, new products. So I just wanted to get some color on that if could provide a little bit of an update and also, given that the operating margins continue to decline in that business, where do you see that kind of trending over the next year or so given these initiatives that you are pursuing?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes before Danny, takes that question, I think we are making some pretty good progress on the ERP implementation. Danny can add a little color on that. The other thing I would point out is that even though the fourth quarter margin was down a bit the bad debt expense I mentioned earlier did have an adverse impact because most of that was in that particular segment, but with that I will ask Danny to maybe comment on your question.
Donald J. DeMarie - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. Hi Jen. As Tim alluded we did have the ERP systems that we continue to develop last year and that went live in the pilot in December and we actually have four more locations going on later part of this year and that system is on track. Also related to the strategy, we still believe strongly in the installation services and the ability to add additional products and core capabilities. We did a couple of acquisitions. Last year you might recall in Erickson, which is a analyzed [ph] wall on framing business, that we feel good about, that's performed well and Guy Evans which is a term contractor. So we're going to continue to add. If anything, we believe that this environment probably create some opportunity to look at some reasonable acquisitions to bring out more core capabilities and add to the infrastructure we have today.
Jennifer Consoli - J.P. Morgan: Okay great thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question with Peter Lisnic with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning gentlemen.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Hi, Pete.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Tim, can you just give us a sense in your free cash flow forecast, the working capital number as a percentage of sales in '07 was around 15%. Is that are you kind of running all out there, is that kind of the optimal numbers we see some improvement in '08.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: We are actually at 15.4%, Pete after two years at 15.9% in '05 and 16.1% in '06. And so that improvement, 70 basis points was certainly pleasing to us. To be a little bit conservative and to also take into account potential slowness on the receivable side, our cash flow number projects that we get back up to around 16%. Having said that, we do have significant incentives in place at the business unit level to drive continued improvement in working capital and I thought Danny and John Sznewajs did a really good job on our budgeting process of putting a lot of emphasis on that area, particularly on the accounts payable side. So I would hope that we wouldn't get back up to that 16%, but again for conservatism we do, we are using a rate like that.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Then if you look at the businesses, I guess outside of installation, how comfortable are you that the cost structures there are low enough or well aligned enough to reflect current market demand? And are you at all concerned that you may be taken too much out to be in a position for a positive market environment whenever that might be?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well you know thats a really good question, Pete and a really good point because I think as we said today, I don't think that we've taken too much out to be in a position to capitalize when the markets recover. But we are getting pretty close to a point whereas... we are very close to the point, actually at the point where decision is going forward relative to managing capacity and managing some of our capability, the ERP implementation things we have got going on, where we got to be really, really careful that we don't make decisions on a short term basis that may help 2008 for example, but hurt our long-term capabilities going forward. So, we've really got to try to balance that. And so that is a really get question, it's going to be a real big challenge for us quite frankly going forward.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I guess another way... maybe another way of asking it would be, if you look at, you mentioned the contribution margin on the downside 30%. Do you think you've done a lot of work here to increase the contribution margin when you kind of come out of the cycle relative to previous cycles?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes, Pete, I would think that, when we come out of this, that we should be in really good shape from a contribution margin standpoint. I mean, we've still got additional work to do in terms of process and some efficiency issues. I mean we are looking at everything relative to cost structure. But I would think when we come out of this that we should we should do very well on the contribution line.
Peter Lisnic - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much, Tim.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thanks, Pete.
Operator: We'll take our next question with Kenneth Hughes with Suntrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. First question on SG&A, was up $11 million year-over-year where some of the, youve talked about some one time items, was that included into that number and if not, would you expect that to be a little bit lower. Could you give us some commentary on that?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: That's a fourth quarter number Keith we are looking at?
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: That's correct. Yes 100 versus 49.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes, 49 versus 500. Yes, you're exactly right. The bad debt expense that we talked about is in there. We also had some acceleration of separation cost for a couple of retirees that were pretty substantial, that went into that category. We've got the ERP system implementation, costs are in there and some of the other cost that we've incurred for some of the rationalization activities that we've had going on. So, yes, definitely that did have some impact. On the other side, I think professional fees were down a little bit and there was probably one other category that doesn't come to mind right away that might have been down just a little. But those three were areas that did increase the cost there.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: If you look at 2008, given your demand outlook, would SG&A just in terms of a total dollar number be down similar to what revenues are going to be down or how is that going to work?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, Keith that's a good question, one that we've been kicking around a little bit. Obviously in 2007 with gross margins pretty much flat, we didn't get a lot of leverage out of the SG&A side, and one of the things that we'll be very focused on as we get into this year and have been very focused on is trying to get more leverage out of the SG&A line. And I think that's probably the one area where we've got some improvement opportunities. I can't necessarily tell you what those are right now, but I can tell you that we're looking at that very closely and would expect to get some leverage there in 2008.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Final question one the goodwill and impairment of intangibles charge in the quarter, were that concentrated in the specialty businesses?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: There is a little bit of that in plumbing and the rest of it would have been in other specialty, yes.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: And was there one specific business where we are writing down or was it several or how --?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: There actually were three. One in plumbing, and two in the other segments, the North American window operation that we have was included there from a trademark standpoint and that's got a discounted cash flow type analysis based on perspective future sales. And then there was also a European business included in that segment.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Were these just a function of, to your point, decreased cash flow given the end-user markets or was there something specific in their markets that caused write down.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes. It's really more driven in North America by the actual marketplace. And in terms of projected sales going forward.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: All right. Thank you.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you, Keith.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our next question with Dan Oppenheim with Banc Of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi this is Mike Wood [ph]. Can you talk a bit about how you reacted to the volume declines in 4Q from pricing standpoint, if there are any particular product lines that... or I guess you don't want to comment on product lines, so just maybe where... how you reacted during the quarter with being more promotional on what the plans are for the start of '08?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well. In terms of pricing, we were successful last year with pricing in areas where we needed it relative to cost increases. I can't tell you necessarily that there was a lot of fourth quarter activity related to pricing. And the second part of your question was on promotional activities. We do continue to invest in promotional activities, particularly in the decorative architectural space. And I think I mentioned it in the third quarter call, we did have some promotional expense in the fourth quarter related to that and some of that has continued into the early part of this year.
Unidentified Analyst: And on the remodeling weakness that you had talked about, that you've seen in the quarter, can you just provide more color with big ticket versus smaller ticket, was it just... we could the segments where the sharper declines occurred. But I was curious if there are any smaller ticket remodeling items that you would characterize where you did begin to see weakness there.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well. I think the big-ticket area has been one that's been slow for us now for probably six, seven quarters. We don't think we are losing any share there but people have been putting off major remodel activities, so there is no question about that. In terms of other products, we did see with the exception of paint and stains, some decline from the consumer side, probably across the rest of the product lines.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question with Kenneth Zener with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead, sir.
Kenneth Zener - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Zener - Merrill Lynch: I am interested in, given that we had 1 million start last month, what gives you confidence for your new housing outlook that stars should be flat or potentially only down 10% to 900,000 this year. Are you seeing construction activity from your builders or are they doing this because they need to create the volume in order, just smaller builders especially, in order, just smaller builders especially in order to [inaudible] or what gives you that confidence? Thank you.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well. I think, Ken, what we are really looking at is, as we look at it, starts were down around that 1 million level I think on an annualized basis in the fourth quarter. Our expectation is that the first half of the year, we could be below the 900,000 to 1 million units. We think that is a possibility. We do think though that that may... that may come back a little bit late in the year. So that's our feeling at this point in time. And again it's a very, very difficult situation to forecast; I don't know Danny, if you want to add any color from what you're seeing on the MCS side.
Donald J. DeMarie - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No. Ken, we really wrestle with it? It's a very difficult environment to make a housing forecast. We felt that we are being realistic with the 900,000 to 1 million. And certainly, you could pick out a month, but given the way those month are seasonally adjusted, I think you've to be careful at picking out a month and relating that to an annual forecast.
Kenneth Zener - Merrill Lynch: Yes. I know, I agree. I guess for your $0.85, does that... is that kind of using the 900,000 number? Is that the stress test, to the down 10%.
Donald J. DeMarie - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. Id move that up the the ladder a little bit Ken. You know as we said, we are anticipating right now that sales overall for the company could decline high single to low double digits. And so at the low double-digit rate, that would include that 900,000 assumption as well as continued softness on the consumer side and internationally.
Kenneth Zener - Merrill Lynch: Right and I guess... Tim or Rich... Richard like you said two years, if you're forecast turns out to be correct, two years of sequential decline which is unprecedented and the guidance obviously that you guys issued. How shocked are you that the economy or specifically residential and remodeling are in such a condition because it is, really it might be even unprecedented?
Richard A. Manoogian - Executive Chairman: Ken you're right in the sense that in most declines in the past and new construction, if anything, home improvement their repair or remodeling was counter cyclical, as people who fixed up homes instead of buying new ones. In this cycle we are seeing a significant decline in both segments, and obviously I think that's driven by a number of things one of which is that we may have pulled forward some repair remodeling work with the excessive home equity loan financing that we provided consumers in the last couple of years, and secondly I think there has been a dramatic deterioration in consumer confidence in the value of their homes with the decline in selling prices. And until consumers feel they know the situation and know what bottom is in housing, I think they are going to be cautious to invest more money into their existing homes, so we're seeing a negative effect in both areas. I think our best judgment is that I would be surprised that we don't see close to a bottoming in the pricing of new homes in '08. There are a number of people who feel they were farther behind in existing homes, and existing homes may decline for another year or two to get down to equilibrium levels. So, I think '08 is going to be tough on the new home side and you may have some carry forward into '09 on the existing home side, but our own feeling is that we think we're getting closer to the bottom and I just would be surprised that we don't see that bottom on the new home construction side, sometime in the first half of '08 but that's just a personal forecast.
Kenneth Zener - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thanks Ken.
Operator: We will take our next question from Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Good morning, Nishu.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities: First question, obviously that these are tough times, probably some of the hardest, most difficult housing market conditions, you've seen now. I was wondering if you can give us perhaps a quick review of your investor conference. What sorts of strategies are you considering or pursuing to address these tough times?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, if we give you a preview, we probably wouldn't need to hold the conference, so I think we'd probably want to differ that at this point in time. We are, just so everybody knows, tentatively looking at the first part of June for an investor conference that we will host here, and so I think at that point in time it would be more appropriate for us to get into some of the strategies going forward. I wouldn't reiterate though what I said earlier, that we do believe that we can take advantage of the opportunity that this downturn presents that weve got a lot of significant capabilities that differentiate us in the marketplace. And our plan going forward is to continue to invest where it is appropriate in a prudent way. And really try to take advantage of this particular time so that when we come out of this we will be a much stronger position.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Just shifting gears a bit, you're talking about seeing an incremental slowdown in Europe not only in the fourth quarter but what you're expected for this year. So, I'm wondering if you can give us some more color in terms of what you've seen already where the weakness is showing up in terms of perhaps products or channels or geographies?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes, we have about three operating business in the UK. And as you probably have read, the UK has been hit with some of the same credit related issues that we've experienced here, some of the same issues around affordability, as well as declining home values, so the UK would be one area. Germany is also particularly slow at this point in time. The consumer seems to be much slower in Europe than it had been previously. So I think it's fairly... we don't do a lot of new home construction, we got a little bit of a business in the UK that is addressed more to new home construction there. But most of what we do in Europe is, repair, remodel renovation. So, we would expect to be challenged pretty much for the next couple of quarters. But one exception to that might be our [inaudible] operation, which has done a really good job over time of diversifying its geographic base if you will, and really doing a good job from an international perspective. So, we would expect to see that to continue, but there are other product offerings, we think things are going to be little bit slower.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities: And on that... just one quick question then on free cash flow and the cash you're going to be returning to shareholders. I think you said $700 million, you're targeting in that free cash flow, but you're still maintaining that goal of returning more than $1 billion. I was just wondering what that implies for asset sales or divestitures, whether that will be a source of cash that you're going to drop on to... continue to pay out dividends and repurchase shares.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: There is a possibility that we could generate some cash from divestitures. But typically as we've said in the past, you could kind of assume that, that maybe gets offset by what we might acquisition wise. We continue to have about $300 million in financial investments, and we did take cash out of those investments last year, and I think that number might have been around a $100 million plus as I recall. So, that would be another potential source.
Nishu Sood - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Dennis Mcgail with Zimmeman & Associates [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning guys.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Good morning, Dennis.
Unidentified Analyst: My first question just has to do regarding your home improvement outlook for 2008. If you take a... you talked about this a little bit and the retailers, but if you think about all of your channels and serve the home improvement market, what would you be assuming for a decline in that market next year and maybe give us a range between some of those products that you think can outperform and those that are going to be worse than average?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, in terms a range, our feeling would be that we could be flat or maybe down, say 3% across-the-board relative to the consumer side of the business. And I think that big ticket items... retail cabinets would continue to be an area that will probably be challenged. Paints and Stains, I think our sense would be will hold up pretty well in 2008, at least that's our sense at this point in time. And so I think the rest of it would probably be spread plumbing side of business, would be one area, Europe kind of falls into that consumer category, but your question was more North America.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So, total down in the low-single digits?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: I'm sorry, Dennis.
Unidentified Analyst: So the total would be down in the low single digits is what you [inaudible]
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes. It's flat to maybe 3% is kind of what we're thinking at this point in time. But again it's very difficult to forecast in this environment.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Okay. And then the second question just related to the builder bad debt expense that you talked a little bit about, could you give us an idea of maybe what the size of the impact of what that was this quarter, who you are seeing that pressure from, whether it's big, small or medium builders? And then also, what kind of exposure you guys are thinking going forward there could be in the numbers?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes, that number was, I think year-over-year we were up $14 million, and about 11, 12 of that was in the fourth quarter, and Danny and John Sznewajs our CFO have been doing a really good job of monitoring receivables with our bigger customers, and maybe Danny, you could give a little bit flavor for what you are seeing there.
Donald J. DeMarie - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Sure, Dennis, we're seeing no real trend related to the sites of the builder. We've seen some, I would say very large builders have cash flow problems and we've seen small and regional builders have cash flow problems. So, it appears to be a problem that's affecting all sizes of people who participate in this market. Now, having said that, we really do not have a very large concentration of sales with any one customer in the new construction side, and we've been watching very closely, our top 100 receivable customers and feel that we are adequately reserved for whatever risk we have out there. So, we don't have specific review account by account and we also have a general reserve against the receivables. So, we feel comfortable that we understand the risk have our arms around it, but on a going forward basis, as the economy continues to deteriorate, we would expect that this would just become a greater risk for us going forward.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes, most things here move pretty swift, pretty quickly too Dennis.
Unidentified Analyst: And so the builders that have been current in our opinion [ph], are you seeing them push out terms a little bit, or is it [inaudible] between are they paying or are they not?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes, we are seeing them attempt to push out terms. I mean, lately it has become more and more of an issue in the contract negotiations. So, we obviously are resisting all attempts to push out terms as it's not the environment that we want to extended terms in but clearly, there has been a number of builders who have asked for extended terms.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's all for you guys. Thanks again.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Derrill, I think we have got time for one more question.
Operator: Okay, we will take a follow-up with Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Consoli - J.P. Morgan: Hi, thanks. My question is on the Plumbing segment. I know, late last year you guys have talked about being optimistic with some of the leadership changes and the Delta Faucet, I was wondering if you can just give us an update on that?
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Sure. I think we, we continue to feel very good about that, that particular segment, Jen. We've made good progress this year. Weve had some very significant managerial changes including the overall corporate leadership of that group, as well as at Delta Faucet is one of our primary operating businesses. But our feeling is that we've made good progress. And we expect to continue to do that going forward. We've got that business very much focused on improving the supply chain, which is an area that, where we've done a lot of sourcing in China and that is starting to settle down a little bit, we are starting to see some of the benefits of that. So, we are encouraged going forward. We would expect to see continued improvement. We think we can get those margins, those segment margins up into the low-double digit range, and that was sort of the target we set for ourselves a year or so ago, and we are feeling pretty good about the opportunity to get there.
Jennifer Consoli - J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks.
Timothy Wadhams - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you. Again, I would like to thank all of you for joining us today. To recap 2007, even though our net sales declined 7%, we were able to offset volume decline and essentially maintain our gross margins. We improved working capital management, we generated approximately $980 million of free cash flow, and returned $1.2 billion to shareholders. In the tough market conditions, we are very pleased with these accomplishments. The near-term outlook for our markets continues to be uncertain and we expect 2008 to be even more challenging than 2007. While we continually look for ways to improve efficiency and cut costs, our primary focus must remain on managing for the long-term growth and profitability of the company. We need to be careful not to hurt the company's future growth by eliminating the investments that will differentiate our future products and services. Rather we will continue to invest in innovation, new products, and improve the business systems within our operating divisions and upgrade our plants and facilities. We believe that the industry will eventually rebound and when this happens, we expect Masco to be well positioned to leverage our strengths and market positions. We are extremely proud of the efforts and dedication of our employees around the globe. We've got a great team in place and in this tough environment their commitment to our customers and shareholders is demonstrated day in and day out. We believe that their dedication combined with our leadership products and brands, position Masco to deliver future value for our shareholders. Thanks again.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
