===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb Company First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chuck Triano, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Appreciate you joining our first quarter 2025 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Christopher Boerner, our board chair and chief executive officer, and David Elkins, our chief financial officer. Also participating in today's call are Adam Lenkowsky, our chief commercialization officer, and Samit Hirawat, our chief medical officer and head of global drug development. Earlier this morning, we posted our quarterly slide presentation to BMS.com that you can use to follow along with Christopher and David's remarks. Before we get started, I'll remind everybody that during this call, we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. And we specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are made from the same period in 2024, and sales growth rates will be discussed on an underlying basis which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. All references to our P&L are on a non-GAAP basis. And with that, I'll hand it over to Christopher Boerner.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Chuck. Good morning, and thank you all for joining our first quarter earnings call. We had a strong Q1 driven by solid execution across the business and continued focus on our strategic priorities: maximizing our growth portfolio, accelerating our R&D pipeline, driving operational excellence, and strategically allocating capital. Our plans to transition the portfolio to deliver long-term sustainable growth are underway. Today, I will begin with some comments on our first quarter performance and highlight our recent accomplishments. Then I will discuss our pipeline and upcoming catalysts that can further strengthen our long-term growth potential. I'll end by addressing the current operating climate. Starting with performance on slide four, our growth portfolio again delivered double-digit sales growth driven primarily by strength in key marketed products, including our IO portfolio, Breyanzi, Reblozyl, and Camzyos. And as expected, our legacy portfolio performance primarily reflected the impact of generic entries for certain older brands. So turning back to our growth portfolio, let me speak to our recent launches. As you'll recall, in October, we launched Cobenefit, the first truly novel mechanism for the treatment of schizophrenia in decades, and we are pleased with the early prescription trends. Patient and physician feedback is very positive, reflecting its favorable tolerability and efficacy profile and noting that patients are observing cognitive benefits. In January, we launched OpdivoCuvanti, the subcutaneous formulation of nivolumab, which is also receiving promising early feedback from practices and patients. And based on our performance in the first quarter, we are increasing our top and bottom line guidance. David will provide more detail shortly. We continue to advance our pipeline during the quarter, with several recent announcements. Opdivo plus Yervoy received FDA and EMA approvals for the treatment of first-line liver cancer and FDA approval for use in MSI high colorectal cancer in the US, further solidifying its leadership in immuno-oncology. Breyanzi was approved in the EU for treatment of follicular lymphoma, expanding our cell therapy presence in blood cancers. Camzyos received approval in Japan and a favorable label update in the US, which reduces the REMS echo monitoring requirement in the maintenance phase. In addition, Milvexian reached an important milestone in the quarter with the completion of enrollment in the Librexia atrial fibrillation trial. This event-driven study remains on track to read out in 2027. Turning to slide five and our two recent top-line readouts, while we're disappointed that the Camzyos Odyssey study in non-obstructive HCM and the Cobenfi Arise study in adjunctive schizophrenia did not meet their primary endpoints, I want to put the results in proper context. Although these are not the results that we had hoped for, neither outcome meaningfully alters our strategy or growth trajectory. For Camzyos, the study strongly suggests that non-obstructive and obstructive HCM behave distinctly. We do not expect these data to significantly impact peak sales, and our focus remains on our existing obstructive HCM indication, which represents the vast majority of the market opportunity. For Cobenfi, although it did not demonstrate a statistically significant improvement as an adjunctive treatment in the Arise trial, these data are encouraging, showing a noteworthy improvement for the majority of patients as well as a tolerable safety profile. As we noted earlier this week, we will complete a full evaluation of the phase three trial data and will plan to engage with the medical community and regulators to discuss these results and potential next steps. Also, it's important to remember there are no currently approved adjunctive therapies for schizophrenia. Our commercial strategy remains focused on monotherapy, which accounts for 70-80% of the market, where our goal is for Cobenfi to become the foundational treatment. As I mentioned earlier, Cobenfi's differentiated profile is resonating. We're seeing strong early uptake. Looking ahead, we're confident in the strength of our portfolio and the breadth of opportunities in our pipeline. We expect several of these opportunities to come this year, such as the first look at one of the phase three trials for Cobenfi in Alzheimer's disease psychosis, where there is significant unmet need. We also plan to initiate several new pivotal studies this year, including seven phase three studies for Cobenfi across three indications: Alzheimer's agitation, Alzheimer's cognition impairment, and bipolar one, all expected to be underway by midyear. At the same time, in oncology, we're advancing two next-wave solid tumor programs. First, our EGFR PER three antibody drug conjugate Isobren is expected to begin enrollment in a pivotal study in first-line triple-negative breast cancer in the coming months. And second, our androgen receptor degrader program in prostate cancer has begun enrolling patients in a pivotal study. We also expanded our registrational program for a glaukatomide, a potential first-in-class CELMoD for lymphoma. The Goal Seek four study in second-line plus follicular lymphoma will explore the combination of gulcotamide with rituximab, where we know effective chemo-free regimens are needed for patients. In total, we believe these programs represent significant opportunities over the back half of the decade given the unmet medical need. The numerous pivotal data readouts in the coming years have the potential to meaningfully enhance the long-term strength of our growth portfolio. Our commitment to innovating for patients remains strong as we advance first and/or best-in-class medicines both through internal discovery and business development, which remains a top priority. In terms of BD, we're actively pursuing opportunities that can enhance our growth profile, there's strong strategic alignment and financial rationale. With our renewed organizational agility and balance sheet in a solid position, we have the flexibility to act decisively when we find the right opportunities. As we've said, maximizing long-term growth starts with strong execution this year and over the midterm. The growth portfolio is performing well and our pipeline is advancing. At the same time, we're taking deliberate actions to rightsize our cost structure and become a more efficient company. Overall, I'm confident we will deliver on disciplined execution as we position the company for top-tier growth by the end of the decade. Before I turn it over to David, I'll just say a few words on the current global operating climate. There's a lot of uncertainty, whether related to tariffs, a potential economic downturn, or restructuring at the FDA and HHS. This backdrop notwithstanding, our focus continues to be on building a strong and resilient company that can navigate and manage through operating complexities. We remain confident in our ability to deliver for our patients, employees, and shareholders. Our strategy is clear, and we're executing. We have a rich pipeline with strong growth potential. We act swiftly when we see opportunities, whether it's business development to bring in great science or pursuing efficiencies in our business. And finally, are laser-focused on execution as you can see by our strong performance this quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to David.
David Elkins: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Our performance in 2025 is off to a strong start. We're executing our growth strategy in terms of driving revenue for key products while also rightsizing our cost structure. Our persistent focus on execution is strengthening our foundation and positioning the company to deliver long-term sustainable growth. This morning, I'll provide highlights of our performance in the first quarter and then review our outlook for the year. Now turning to the first quarter on slide seven. Total company revenues were approximately $11.2 billion, reflecting strong demand across our growth portfolio, including the launch of Cobenfi, offset by the impact of generics and Medicare Part D redesign, primarily in our legacy portfolio. Global sales of the growth portfolio increased approximately 18%, led by key brands, including our IO portfolio, Breyanzi, Reblozyl, and Camzyos. Turning to key product performance on slide eight. Opdivo had a solid first quarter, with global revenue up 12%, driven primarily by volume growth. Separately, initial sales of Opdivo plus Kuventig were approximately $9 million in the quarter. The US launch is progressing well, with early adoption across multiple tumor types. We continue to believe that physicians will convert approximately 30% to 40% of patients to this new product. Let's turn to hematology on slide nine. Reblozyl global sales reflect the continued strength across first and second-line MDS-associated anemia. Higher sales in the US were related to increased use in the first-line setting. Outside of the US, Reblozyl's strong double-digit sales were driven by demand across newly launched markets in Europe and Japan. In cell therapy, Breyanzi was another key contributor to our strong growth portfolio performance in the quarter, driven by demand across all indications. US sales more than doubled and international sales tripled. Moving to cardiovascular on slide 10, let's start with Camzyos. Sales in the first quarter nearly doubled, benefiting from strong global demand. Brand momentum in the quarter was driven by new patient starts and a 9% increase in total prescriptions for the three months ended March 31. We continue to expect steady growth of Camzyos in 2025 due to its compelling efficacy and safety profile in obstructive HCM. Turning to Eliquis. Global sales were down 3% in the quarter, mainly due to the impact of Medicare Part D redesign in the US. We continue to expect total Eliquis revenue to be stronger in the second half of the year, primarily due to the Part D redesign and elimination of the coverage gap. Moving to immunology on slide 11. Across our immunology portfolio, we saw higher commercial rebates, as previously discussed, related to improved access and Medicare Part D redesign. First-quarter Certiktu sales reflected demand growth and gross-to-net impacts related to higher commercial rebates. We will continue to leverage our broader access position to drive further demand growth. Now moving to slide 12, in its first full quarter on the market, Cobenfi is off to a solid start with sales of approximately $27 million, driven primarily by demand. During the quarter, weekly total prescriptions remained strong, tracking ahead of all branded schizophrenia launch benchmarks. Now let's move to the P&L on slide 13. Gross margin was approximately 73%, primarily due to product mix. Operating expenses were more than $500 million lower compared to the same period last year, primarily reflecting the results of our strategic productivity initiative. Our effective tax rate in the quarter was 15.1%, primarily driven by earnings mix. And overall diluted earnings per share were $1.80. Turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation highlights on slide 14. Our financial position remains strong, with approximately $12.1 billion in cash equivalents and marketable securities as of March 31. We generated cash flow from operations of approximately $2 billion in the first quarter. In terms of capital allocation, we maintain our strategic and balanced approach. As Chris highlighted earlier, business development remains a top priority. We continue to actively assess opportunities in line with our strategy. And we remain on track with our plan to pay down $10 billion of debt relative to our 03/31/2024 balance. Our capital allocations also include rewarding shareholders through the dividend. 2025 marks our ninety-third consecutive year of dividend payments. In addition to strategically allocating capital, we are also driving operational excellence through our previously announced strategic productivity initiative. With respect to our 2025 expansion, we expect to realize approximately $2 billion in annual cost savings by the end of 2027. And we remain on track to deliver $1 billion of these savings by the end of this year. Now turning to our outlook starting with revenue on slide 15. We are increasing our full-year revenue guidance to a range of $45.8 billion to $46.8 billion, reflecting strong performance of our growth portfolio, better-than-expected legacy sales in the first quarter, and a favorable impact of approximately $500 million related to foreign exchange rates relative to our previous 2025 guidance. Additionally, we now expect the legacy portfolio to decline approximately 16% to 18% for the year, a more moderate rate than previously anticipated due primarily to Revlimid's strong Q1 performance. We now project full-year sales of Revlimid to be at the top end of our previously guided range, $2 billion to $2.5 billion. We maintain our gross margin guidance at approximately 72%. We continue to expect underlying operating expenses to be approximately $16 billion, with an additional impact of about $200 million due to foreign exchange rates. Expenses are now anticipated to be higher in the second half of the year compared to the first half, reflecting the timing of investments. Our operating margin target of approximately 37% for the full year remains unchanged. For OI and E, we now expect annual income of approximately $100 million due to higher-than-anticipated royalties and favorable interest income. Although the first-quarter tax rate was slightly lower than our full-year projection, we're maintaining our full-year tax rate guidance of 18%. As a result of these changes, we are raising the midpoint 2025 non-GAAP EPS guidance by 15¢ per share, with an expected range between $6.70 and $7. Our revised guidance includes the estimated impact of current tariffs on US products shipped to China but does not account for any potential pharmaceutical sector tariffs. In summary, our strong performance in the first quarter reflects our focus on disciplined execution. We are well-positioned to manage the near-term uncertainty in the macro environment while advancing our long-term growth strategy. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Chuck for Q&A.
Chuck Triano: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. And the first question will come from Christopher Schott with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Christopher Schott: Great. Thanks so much. Maybe just two ones for me. Just first, bigger picture, as we think about tariffs and the $2.32 stuff that's going on right now, can you just provide any color on the company's US manufacturing footprint ability to shift manufacturing to US over time, just in general, your ability to navigate dynamic? I know the details are lacking right now, but just help frame out how you're thinking about this. Second question for me was on Cobenfi just in light of the adjunctive results we saw. Talk a little bit about what this does for your outlook on Cobenfi. And just how you think about kind of use in adjunctive given the negative trial results we saw? Thanks so much.
Christopher Boerner: So thanks for the questions, Chris. I will start with your tariff question. I'll turn it over to Adam to address Cobenfi. So first, let me just say at the outset that we certainly appreciate the administration's efforts to enhance US manufacturing. As we think about the pharma sector though, obviously that needs to be done in a very thoughtful and deliberate way. As you can appreciate, there's a lot that we don't know here. We don't have specifics on the outcome of this investigation. But our hope is that wherever this lands, we ultimately end up enhancing the competitiveness of US companies like Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. We are a significantly US-based company today. We have been investing in core infrastructure in the US for many years. So we need to ensure that ultimately our trade policies enhance the sector and support efforts like the ones we've been making. In terms of our exposure, again, we've said the tariffs that have gone into place namely around China, have been reflected in the guidance that we provided today. It really is simply too early to provide a lot more on pharma-specific sectors. So we'll have to wait for the specifics there. And once we have them, obviously, we'll continue to you. Adam, do you wanna talk about Cobenfi?
Adam Lenkowsky: Sure. As Chris stated in his opening remarks, we don't expect these data to have a meaningful impact on Cobenfi sales, Chris. Recall, about 70% to 80% of patients are treated with monotherapy. And clearly, that's the most significant commercial opportunity. And it's also the treatment goal for psychiatrists. Happens in the real world, psychiatrists exhaust monotherapy. Option before trying adjunctive use, and that's after several failed monotherapy treatment happening later in line, third line, fourth line plus. Our focus is moving Cobenfi earlier in treatment. That's exactly what we've been seeing in the market. In fact, roughly 40% to 50% of the Cobenfi prescribing today is now in second line and third line. And so physicians have also told us both in research and through advisory board that missing the endpoint of the study would have no impact on monotherapy usage or their willingness to use Cobenfi, particularly when you look at the safety of the study results. There's a significant unmet need that still exists for patients with schizophrenia and Cobenfi fills the need with its efficacy and safety profile. And that's why we're seeing strong uptake in the market since launch. With positive feedback from both physicians and patients. So we're going to continue to execute our plan for Cobenfi to become the foundational monotherapy treatment and we have a clear opportunity to continue to drive significant growth.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Adam. Operator, can we take our next question please?
Operator: The next question will come from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mohit Bansal: So, Chris, a big picture question for you. I mean, given that there has been a lot of cost rationalization over a period of last couple of years. How are you thinking about R&D here? I mean, again, there have been a couple of setbacks here with melanoma and all. But as going forward, I mean, when you think about taking bets, I mean, is there a change in the thought process? And how are you thinking about the future pipeline and riskiness of it? Thank you.
Christopher Boerner: Well, let me say a few things and then obviously just given the focus on R&D, Samit, you can certainly weigh in here. As you noted, we've been spending a lot of time over the last eighteen months focused on a few key things. First, making sure we're driving strong execution. That strong execution in commercial, but really across the enterprise. And I think you see you've seen the fruits of those efforts in terms of our performance last year and continuing into Q1 performance. Second, as you know, we've spent a lot of time focusing on making the organization more efficient and more agile. That was reflected in the cost optimization efforts we had last year as well as in the $2 billion initiative that we announced in our Q4 call. And then third, driving additional productivity coming out of R&D and importantly delivering on the swath of new opportunities we have coming out of our mid-late stage pipeline. And that's going to continue to be a focus. And as I step back and look at the opportunities for the company, the confidence that I have we can deliver on the growth ambitions for the company in part driven by our internal R&D pipeline, remains absolutely unchanged. It's important to keep in mind that while the two studies that read out over the last couple of weeks were certainly not the results that we had hoped for as we said in our prepared remarks. They have no financial or modest financial impact on the company and no impact on the prospects for growth coming out of the decade. And so we're going to continue to stay focused on delivering against that pipeline. We're going to continue to invest in strong areas of science where we have the opportunity to add significant value and we can deliver on our mission for patients and for shareholders. And also keep in mind that we are in a very strong financial position. That financial position gives us a lot of strategic flexibility to continue to source innovation externally which will also be very much focused on from a capital allocation standpoint.
Mohit Bansal: Maybe, Samit, do you want to add?
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. Just to add a couple of things, Chris. Thanks, Mohit, for the question. If we just to put this into context, what has happened over the last five years since I've been here at least? We've had 43 major approvals. Since that time. So that speaks very loudly of the productivity of this organization, and this is in the top quartile ninetieth percentile, actually. You look across the industry from a KMR data perspective. Certainly, the three setbacks that you talked about are very notable that we've taken into account from an R&D perspective. We learned from these. But what it does is now we have to look forward as the vision has already been created, looking forward to 10 plus new molecular entities that we want to bring forward by the end of the decade. And 30 plus new indications that we have planned for by the end of the decade. And they will start reading out now, and they we just started early. Yes. But a small opportunity would be in myelofibrosis, that will read out later this year. There is, of course, ADAPT, which is very eagerly awaited. By everyone just like us. And then in 2026, there's a slew of readouts for new molecular. So we are well planned for that one and looking forward to just growing the portfolio from there on.
Chuck Triano: Right. Thanks, Samit. Let's move to our next question, please.
Operator: The next question will come from Luisa Hector with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Luisa Hector: Thank you. Maybe just another question on Cobenfi. Just wondering how the readout from ARISE impacts your levels of confidence in Alzheimer's psychosis readout and perhaps any additional trials that you may be planning? Thank you.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Luisa. I'll ask Samit to take that.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thanks, Luisa, for the question. ARISE data has no impact. As we think about Alzheimer's disease psychosis. There are a few reasons for that. One, obviously the disease is very different. Two, Alzheimer's disease overall plan in psychosis as well as future looking cognition impairment and agitation. Those are based on the data that have already been generated many years ago, a couple decades ago, for zenomeline, which showed statistically significant benefits in the behavioral patterns in patients with Alzheimer's disease. Also, a design perspective, in Alzheimer's disease psychosis, there's a longer duration of treatment of up to twelve weeks which is obviously going to be beneficial as we think about observation of output for primary and secondary endpoints. So overall, confident in the conduct of our studies. And as you know, we are also initiating several studies, as Chris spoke about earlier, seven different Phase III trials this year. So really looking forward to initiation of that program.
Luisa Hector: Great. Thank you.
Christopher Boerner: Let's move to our next question.
Operator: The next question will come from Geoffrey Meacham with Citi. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Meacham: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Chris, just got a couple for you. Another one on tariffs. If you could just talk about at a high level in the flexibility of transfer pricing assumptions either maybe from an IP or tax or side of manufacturing. I wasn't sure also about your ability to step up inventory as a potential strategy as well. Then second on BD, just given recent deals, you know, for Chinese assets, but also how low valuations are across US SMID biotech. You know, how do these factor in your strategy, urgency, etcetera? Thanks so much.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the questions, Jeff. Hope you're doing well. I will start and then I will ask David to chime in a bit on the transfer pricing component of your tariff question. Obviously, as I said earlier, we've got a lot that we still have to wait and see that comes down with respect to the impact of any pharma industry sector tariffs. We appreciate the fact that the administration is taking time to study this issue. You know well, Jeff, that in this industry, our manufacturing networks are incredibly They're global supply chains, you have inputs coming from all over the world. There are long lead times in terms of making changes to the supply chain. Manufacturing processes are highly complex. Certainly with respect to Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, the medicines that we make are critical for patients and can't be easily substituted. Having said that, in anticipation of potential tariffs, we continue to execute mitigation efforts. We have a broad global manufacturing network where we're looking for opportunities to optimize with tariffs in mind. As I mentioned, we already have a significant presence in the US and we're continuing to invest. And we have already undertaken efforts to reduce risk of disruption and shortages as a result of efforts like onshoring. And we're going to continue those efforts. We're also going to continue to engage with the administration to ensure that ultimately whatever comes down is well thought through and deliberate in terms of how we move forward. But David, anything you want to comment on transfer pricing and then I'll come back to BD.
David Elkins: Yes. So Jeff, thanks for the question. You know, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, we have a really broad manufacturing network. Both in the US and globally, and we're not overly reliant on any single country in terms of our supply chain. The situation related to tariffs continues to evolve, we're closely assessing. We have a cross-functional team in place that's evaluating the flexibility, and we have a tremendous amount of flexibility to be able to move our manufacturing around should any potential tariffs come up. As we learn more and there's more specifics, obviously, we'll update you when that becomes known. But as Chris said previously, we continue to ensure the administration as well as policymakers understand the impact of these tariffs and as well as any potential future actions. Both on patients as well as the industry.
Christopher Boerner: And then Jeff, with respect to business development, business development is our top capital allocation priority. That includes both partnerships and acquisitions. And of course, as you note, we're going to source that innovation from wherever it comes and there's certainly a lot of exciting innovation taking place in China. We're going to be focused on a few things though. We're going to be focused on strengthening our position in the core TAs that we operate in. That's bringing in promising areas of science assets where we can improve the growth profile of the company. And what's important is that we like the science and we feel we're the rightful owners, the financials make sense. And again, that's strengthening the growth profile in key areas. And we believe that we can drive value for the company and shareholders. And if we hit those criteria, then we certainly have the financial ability to execute and move quickly.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Chris. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: I wanted to touch on the rumblings we're hearing about the potential implementation of most favored nation's pricing potentially, with regard to drug price negotiation in the IRA. I guess what are you hearing? And more importantly, what's your stance on how that could impact negotiations for IRA drug prices going forward? And then secondarily, I'd love to touch on the potential impact positive impact on relaxed cardiac monitoring for Camzyos and how this could help accelerate sales with that franchise. Thank you so much.
Christopher Boerner: Well, let me start, Evan. Thanks for the questions. And then I will turn it over to Adam on the second part of your question. Clearly, with respect to MFN and international reference pricing, there's a lot of focus here. I think the president and the administration is rightfully focused on the differential between US and ex-US net pricing. The way we think about it is you have to look at both sides of that equation. With respect to ex-US net prices, we actually agree with the administration. Countries outside of the US need to be allocating more healthcare spending on innovative medicines. So we're engaging directly with the administration, working with our pharma partners of course, and supporting the administration's efforts here to leverage whatever tools they can to get ex-US countries to allocate more of their healthcare spending to the types of innovative medicines that we develop at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. In terms of the US pricing environment, I think our perspective really is unchanged here. We have to address the complexity of the US healthcare system. 65¢ of every dollar spent on pharmaceutical products in the US goes to middlemen. These are entities that don't discover, develop or deliver medicines to patients. These are entities that because of their market power also have control over what patients pay in terms of co-pays. And there are ample opportunities to make that system more complex and ensure that ultimately any rebates that we provide as industry are ultimately go to improve what patients ultimately have to pay for medicines. Beyond that, I would say we continue to be focused on addressing other aspects of healthcare notably fixing some of the more egregious aspects of IRA, the pill penalty and addressing spillover risk on top of mind there. And of course, we continue to be very focused on and concerned about abuses in the 340B program and that's going to be a big focus area of ours as well.
Adam Lenkowsky: Evan, for the question. So we've continued to deliver strong growth for Camzyos. We virtually doubled sales versus prior year in the quarter. And our goal has been to ease the burden of ECHO requirements for both patients and physicians. And based on long-term clinical data as well as the robust data collection, our label change reflects the FDA's confidence in the safety and efficacy of Camzyos now with over 15,000 patients prescribed Camzyos in the United States. So the label has been updated to reduce the frequency of echo monitoring for patients taking Camzyos from every twelve weeks now to once every six months in the maintenance phase. And this is going to number one, simplify processes for both patients and physicians. Two, it's going to open up additional capacity at the COEs and as a result, physicians are going to be able to treat more patients. It reduces the burden on patients and physicians' time and alleviates resourcing at the COEs. I will say that we're just super early in the launch, but early customer feedback has been very positive since the label change and taken together we're seeing good momentum for Camzyos and we expect continued strong growth.
Chuck Triano: Thanks for the background, Adam. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question will come from Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, maybe two for me. First on the Cobenfi launch, Adam, I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on what you're seeing with the prescriber base right now. In terms of kind of breadth and depth? And then, I know the slides also some one-time gross-to-net impact in the first quarter. So just wondering if you could elaborate on that and how we should think about the cadence of gross-to-net over the course of the year? And then David was just I know you're not gonna give 2026 guidance yet at this point, but, again, heard you reiterate the 37% op margin for 2025. But just directionally, how should we think about 2026 as it seems like there are still a number of moving pieces as we think about next year? Thank you.
Adam Lenkowsky: Thanks, Terrence. So we're very pleased with Cobenfi's launch performance. The launch is off to a strong start. We're now over 1,600 TRxs per week and it's tracking ahead of all branded schizophrenia launch benchmarks. We've made very good progress achieving Medicaid and Medicare access. We're now at virtually 100% access across both channels. We're making good progress with commercial payers. I mentioned earlier that because of this access, it's allowing us to move Cobenfi up earlier in treatment, which is critical. And most importantly, we are hearing very encouraging feedback from both patients and physicians around Cobenfi's efficacy and safety profile. Physicians noting efficacy and positive symptoms, negative symptoms and improvement in cognition and clarity of thought. We're also, I think a critical metric for us is growing number of new trials and we're seeing consistent growth week over week in new trialists since launch and we've got an opportunity to continue to expand and reach the 30,000 psychiatrists that are on our target list. And so as we've said, we expect to see strong uptake over the course of 2025 with a ramp in the back half of the year after we continue to increase the frequency of calls to our customers try to break those reflective habits. But know the work we need to do to maximize this launch and will make this a very big product for the company over time. Now as it relates to gross-to-net, as you saw in the slides, we delivered $27 million in net sales for the quarter and that was inclusive of $9 million in gross-to-net benefit. So underlying demand for Cobenfi is strong. And at launch, we made assumptions around payer mix and discount. So Q1 essentially was a true-up for favorable gross-to-net in Q4. So we've been very disciplined in discretionary gross-to-net spend. As you know, there are mandatory discounts in Medicaid. Now have very strong access. So we expect to see increases this year in gross-to-net for the full year. But again, we expect to see strong uptake over the course of the year with a ramp taking place in the back half of 2025.
David Elkins: Great. And, you know, look, as far as 2026, we're not going to provide guidance on this call. But the way I would think about it is, remain very financially disciplined by the strategic productivity initiatives that we've rolled out. And as we've said, we're well on our way this year to delivering $1 billion in savings relating to that and on track for that $2 billion by '27. So that gives us a lot of flexibility. Also, we continue to leverage AI and look to further automate, which is making us even more efficient. So we see greater opportunity there as well. And as we've shown in the past, we're constantly looking at our portfolio and prioritizing that accordingly. So all of that being said, we feel we have a lot of levers to continue to manage this business. But at the same time, Terrence, we're going to invest in the long-term growth of the company as well, and that's critically important to strengthen that growth position. And as we said, our cash position remains strong. Business development remains a priority. So we look to bring in to strengthen that portfolio and bring in new assets which we'll invest behind.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thanks, David. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from Trung Huynh with UBS. Please go ahead.
Trung Huynh: Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. Just a couple on Camzyos for me. So one on the Alzheimer's psychosis trial. Just what's your expectations for the bar for that study? What's a meaningful reduction in hallucinations and delusions we should be thinking about? And then second, just a clarification on the Camzyos gross-to-net question. If you back out the Cobenfi numbers ex that one-off, it looks like gross-to-net is 35% to 40%. I think you just said that should be thinking about that increasing. But you've also previously said you should have modest discounts above Medicaid rate, which is, like, 23%. So are we thinking that gross-to-net increases from 35% to 40%? Are you having to be more aggressive on rebates for traction?
Christopher Boerner: Let me have Samit take the first part of your question, which I believe was on Cobenfi. And then the second part of your question, I'll ask Adam to take.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. So for Cobenfi ADP trial, remember these are trials that are being compared to placebo. And what we have to show is statistical significance in the primary endpoint for NCI hallucinations and delusions in this patient population. So we're not predefining as to what the real number needs to be to be clinically meaningful. I think over here, there are no drugs approved, so I think all improvements are good. But what we do know from the prior studies of zenomeline, there have been remarkable improvements not only on these symptomatology, but also other elements such as cognition. We will continue to monitor that. The data will read out for the first trial in the second half of this year. At that time, you'll be able to share more.
Adam Lenkowsky: As it relates to growth in that, you know, we don't share specific discounting rates. But as I mentioned, we've been very disciplined in discretionary gross-to-net spend. And so when you look at the gross-to-net impact for the first quarter, what we saw this was just a true-up for a projection that we made that was favorable in Q4. So we will have an increase in gross-to-nets for the full year because we have now a 100% access virtually in both Medicaid and Medicare.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, Adam. Let's take our next question, please.
Operator: The next question will come from Courtney Breen with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Courtney Breen: Hi, all. Thanks for taking the question today. A couple from me. The first kind of as it relates that relates to tariffs, we've seen a number of companies come out and make statements about kind of their capital investments within the US in manufacturing and R&D. Kind of both backward looking as well as forward looking. So I wonder if you could provide comments on kind of Bristol's perspective there in terms of committed capital expenditure going forward? And then the second question is just as we think about kind of M&A, and I know there's been a couple of questions on this so far, you've also got some kind of key data cards to turn over. Milvexian, I think, is one of the big ones. As well as some of these kind of subsequent Cobenfi trials. And so can you talk a little bit about kind of how you're approaching making those M&A decisions in the context of kind of internal success rates. And kind of waiting for sequencing of those data cards to turn over. Thank you.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. I'll take both of those. So first, as I mentioned earlier, we're a company that's significantly based in the US today. If you look back over the last number of years, we've been investing in core infrastructure. Infrastructure, that's infrastructure related to R&D, technology as well as CapEx. And we certainly have plans to continue to invest in those very same areas in the US in the coming years. So again, what ultimately transpires with trade policies we hope will ultimately enhance the sector and support efforts like the ones that we've been making and support the competitiveness of US companies. With respect to business development, obviously business development has been a priority for the company from a capital standpoint for a number of years. It's going to continue to be our top allocation priority this year. If I step back and look at how we thought about business development, we really don't think about it in terms of the relationship between specific data readouts of our own internal program. It's always been a way that we've thought about sourcing new science and new innovation. And so in some ways, can think about those things as very distinct. When you look at what we've been doing over the last eighteen months, we were very clear last year that we were going to focus on digesting the deals that we had done at the end of 2023. And most importantly, as part of that, ensuring that we got Cobenfi off to a very strong launch. When I look at it, I think we delivered on all of those things. So as we think about this year, there are certainly no endogenous constraints or specific events that we have to see for us to be able to execute on business development. We're going to go back to the criteria I referenced earlier. The science looks good. If it's an area that we think we can add value and most importantly, if we believe it can enhance the growth profile for the company exiting this decade, we certainly have the financial horsepower to be able to execute and execute quickly.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Chris. Let's move to the next question please.
Operator: The next question will come from Timothy Anderson with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Timothy Anderson: Thank you for the questions. I have a question on long-term guidance. So Chris, when you took over, you kind of stopped providing those or you guys kind of withdrew some of the elements that you had given. Can we expect you to revisit this at some point? I know on trough guidance, you've said end of the decade. I think the key there is, you know, the absolute level of the trough number. So wondering if you can assure us that it won't go lower than $6 a share. That's kind of where a lot of analyst numbers bottom out. And then second question is, just transfer pricing. So companies commonly have these set up with major brands, not all brands, levels of disclosure, next to nothing. Any color you can share in which particular brands Bristol has transfer pricing arrangements in place? Like, the tariffs come through in Europe that ensnared us. We have some idea. Brands might be impacted.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the questions, Tim. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to David to talk about transfer pricing. We're not going to be giving long-term guidance as a standard course. And this is what we've discussed previously. That's a philosophical point of view. Our focus is, as you know and as we've been discussing, is to drive sustained top-tier growth as we exit the decade. We talked at length over the last eighteen months about how we're going to deliver on that. And the way we think about guidance, Tim, is we want to give you guidance that is a clear line of sight to the things that we're going to hold ourselves accountable for and that you can ultimately hold us accountable for. And that's what we're going to do with respect to all of the guidance elements that we've done. So we really have fixated on going back to what the company has done historically, which is to provide annual guidance. And then of course, as we did today, we update that guidance as the business conditions warrant. With respect to trough, I think that's going to how we talk about trough will be very aligned to that philosophy. But rest assured, the way we think about trough is we're going to do everything we can through either accelerating our internal clinical programs, continuing to engage in business development and just executing across the enterprise to ensure that we do everything we can to shorten the depth of that trough, move it in close as we can so that we can again return this company to sustained long-term growth. And do that certainly by the time we exit this decade.
David Elkins: Yes. Tim, look, on transfer pricing, I know this question has come up a few times. Transfer prices are determined by tax law, both tax law in the United States as well as tax law in the other jurisdictions in which we operate. So from a tariff perspective, I would not be thinking transfer pricing. Transfer pricing is determined by tax laws in the jurisdictions that which we operate.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, David. Let's move to the next question, operator.
Operator: The next question will come from David Risinger with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
David Risinger: Yes. Thanks very much and thanks for all the updates. So I have two questions. First is high level and then one is on Cobenfi. So the industry is obviously facing three major government threats in the United States. Number one, actions that are harming US biopharma innovation including HHS cuts and questioning and criticism of esteemed medical scientists. Second, tariff threats. And third, the Trump administration's agenda to take down drug prices more than the Biden administration. So considering what appears to be a lack of appreciation in Washington, on the benefits of the biopharma industry to the American public at large, and to the economy in the country. Could you comment on how Bristol leadership team and board are engaging differently today with Washington to defend the industry and company? And then separately, regarding the Cobenfi adjunctive trial failure, could you talk about the more disappointing results in the risperidone subgroup and whether the company believes that risperidone DDIs with Cobenfi may have the efficacy in that subgroup and how you may potentially evaluate Cobenfi in combination with other therapies in the adjunctive setting in the future? Thank you.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the questions, David. I'll ask Samit to start and then I'll come back and answer your more general questions.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, David, for the question. So for Arise, certainly, as David has already sorry. Chris has already mentioned, we saw notable improvement in terms of band scores. If you think about patients who received the non-risperidone antipsychotic therapy, certainly we are evaluating and assessing all avenues in terms of understanding the data on risperidone population, the DDI potentials and PGP in CYP2D6 and all of those enzymatic pathways. With all of that said, there is a lot more work to be done to look at other endpoints in the trial as well. Once all of that is done, then we will be able to define the next steps soon, which could include engaging with the regulators apart from, obviously, the treating physicians. As well as conducting additional studies as we look to the future.
Christopher Boerner: And then with respect to your more general industry question, look, I think we agree with your perspective that America has a real gem in the biopharmaceutical industry. Over 70% of the research and development in this space takes place in the United States. And what drives that is a very healthy ecosystem that supports innovation, rewards innovation, and ultimately ensures that companies like ours can do everything we can to deliver innovative medicines to patients and do so quickly. Americans have benefited from having access to more innovation faster than patients anywhere else in the world. At the core of that is an ecosystem that starts with having strong government support for early research and also setting clear rules of engagement from a regulatory framework. Just to be clear, we have not seen a notable impact on our business from any of the changes taking place in Washington. We're obviously going to closely monitor implications of changes. But just to be clear as of today, we've not seen any real impact on our business. Having said that, we're going to continue to do what we've always done, which is focus on strengthening the ecosystem for innovation in the US. That means ensuring that we are able to continue to invest in strong areas and interesting areas of science supported by a strong intellectual property framework. We're going to also continue to engage with the government on pricing and the support of the payment for innovation on the back end. We've talked about the need to fix the more egregious aspects of IRA, notably the pill penalty and addressing some of the spillover risk that we saw in IRA. We also want to ensure that we're making the US ecosystem less complex. That means addressing the role that middlemen play. And then an area that we absolutely agree with this is outside of the US, getting countries to allocate more healthcare dollars to support innovative medicines like those that we make at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. So those are really our main areas of focus. We're going to continue to engage with our pharma partners to engage the administration. We'll also be engaging directly and that's going to be our continued focus.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, Chris. Let's take our next question please.
Operator: Next question will come from Carter Gould with Cantor. Please go ahead.
Carter Gould: Hi, good morning. Thanks very much for taking the question. The BD messaging is coming through clear and the focus on endogenous events won't be a stage gate is clear. I guess my question is more on exogenous events and the extent to which uncertainty around tariffs, FDA, drug pricing environment are sort of stage gates to being able to move on drug pricing either, a hold up on your side or on the target side? Thank you.
Christopher Boerner: I'll take that one, Carter. I think you mean that any of those exogenous factors having an impact on our ability to do business development. Look. I think, you know, we clearly have been focused on putting ourselves in a very strong financial position. We do that by frankly executing on the business as you saw us do in this quarter that we've been discussing today. But also as David referenced, by continuing to focus on making the company more efficient and more agile, that enables us to pull costs out of the system and puts us in a stronger position. That financial flexibility gives us the ability to be much more engaged in business development. And frankly, you know, that I think is way more important than any of the exogenous factors that you referenced. And so again, I would just reiterate business development remains our top priority. We have the financial position to move on business development, but we're also going to be very disciplined. We're going to stay focused on those opportunities where we like the science, where we're the rightful owners, and importantly, we can continue to improve the growth profile of the company.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, Chris. Let's take our next question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Scala with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Steve Scala: Thank you so much. Two questions, probably both for Samit. Just to be absolutely clear on your prepared remarks, and answers to questions, and I know that you need to speak with regulators. But Bristol seems to see a path to positive regulatory on the existing ARISE data. Is that correct? Or is there no such path? So that's the first question. Second question is, to what extent did the Milvexian Phase III trial benefit from the competitor Phase III stoppage? For instance, did enrollment jump 10%, 20%, and given that, why hasn't timing of the primary endpoint changed? Were events, for instance, running behind the patients previously enrolled before the competitor setback? Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you, Steve, as usual. Great questions. For Arise, look, we would not obviously speculate right now. As I said earlier, we do need to do all of the work to understand all of the data, including the additional endpoints that we have not yet looked at. And we will plan to then engage with the regulators to define what the next steps would be. For Milvexian, we certainly continue to manage and monitor the events that we are observing. As we have said before, our overall event rate remains very low for the atrial fibrillation trial. We have not re-projected the timelines. We will continue to work together, J&J and ourselves, and we will communicate if there is a change in the timeline in terms of the readout. As you know, we've already communicated. We still look forward to the readout for the ACN SSP trial in 2026, and then AF is in 2027. We've already completed enrollment. We've communicated that as well for the AF trial. So overall, all on the right track. And we'll keep you posted if the timelines were to change with the evolution of events.
Chuck Triano: Right. Thanks, Samit. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question will come from Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Zach Dunn: This is Zach Dunn on for Seamus Fernandez. Thank you. A few from us on Camzyos and your CMI portfolio. Firstly, how defensible is your first-in-class position with Camzyos? As your establishment at HCM centers and updated REMS in light of AfriCampton potentially coming to market this year? And then to nonobstructive HCM, and myosin inhibition, what read through if any, might there be to your development efforts in HFpEF? How would you characterize prospects for success in HFpEF with MYK-two twenty-four? Thank you.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, both great questions, Adam and Samit.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, let me start. Thanks for the question. So as I mentioned, we continue to deliver strong growth and steady growth with Camzyos. We've established a very strong revenue base and expect continued growth from expanding our prescriber base. We're seeing very high persistency, so long durations of treatment and we're continuing to add new patients each and every week. We're focused right now on increasing our depth of prescribing in the large COEs and the label change that we mentioned earlier, should help accelerate that. We're also making good progress expanding into community of cardiology of accounts and we're seeing solid growth and increasing number of trialists each and every week. Now as it relates to competition, we've always planned for competition in the space. We don't see any meaningful clinical versus aficamtin. We've now had the opportunity to talk to literally hundreds of thought leaders and almost all have said that at the camp and the data that they presented appears undifferentiated. So going to be important to see what their data and the label looks like later in the year. You know, we'll be prepared for when aducanthix comes to market. We maintain a consistent view that we will remain leaders in this space.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. And thank you for the question on the NHCM results and the impact on HFpEF for MYK-two twenty-four. Look, we still have to do a lot more digging into the data, as Chris has mentioned. Do know obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy versus a nonobstructive hyper hypertrophic cardiomyopathy there's a suggestion of a differential disease because of the outflow tract of obstruction in one versus the other. As it relates to HFpEF, remember how NHCM study was designed and where we had seen the impact on the biomarkers, anti proBNP as well as on the troponin T. We had hoped that those changes in the biomarkers will translate into a clinical benefit and outcome in NHCM. Did not happen. However, as we think about HFpEF, these biomarkers have tracked historically as we think about the other trials in HFpEF and other drugs that have worked in HFpEF as we think about the overall functionality of the heart. It's too early to say what the outcome is gonna look like, We are conducting a large cohort of, we are enrolling a large cohort of patients in the phase two b phase two a study that we are conducting right now. For MYK-two twenty-four. Once those results are available, then we'll be able to say more the impact overall on the HFpEF program. I think it's too early to comment on that.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Samit. Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question will come from Hassan Hayder with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Hassan Hayder: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just going back to capital allocation and I know a lot has been answered already, but just if you could just unpack Chris, what's driving this renewed emphasis on BD? If you could unpack that a little bit more in the context of the lack of visibility, some of the structural challenges that the industry is facing? And then any comments on size and what exactly you're looking to solve for as you scan the landscape of external assets? Is it near-term revenue growth? Or earlier stage assets? And what are the therapeutic areas of interest? Thanks.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Well, let me be really clear. Capital allocation focus the focus that we have hasn't changed. Business development is a top priority. We said that last quarter and the quarter before that. We are focused on strengthening in our key areas that we know well and improving the growth profile of the company. Those are the things that I think we've consistently said. With respect to size, don't evaluate opportunities focusing on size. What I would say is that the way we think about any opportunity from a business development standpoint is we put it through a set of filters. We're in a strong position to do a lot of things, but the way we think about it is, does it strengthen the therapeutic areas that we're in? And you know those well. Are they areas where we have an ability to add to the science and we're the rightful owners of it. Do the financials make sense? And the one thing that we've been consistent in over overlaying on those criteria is does it improve the growth profile of the company at the back end of the decade and going into the 2030s. And those are the criteria that we've consistently been using and those will be the main priorities. Of course, that we'll continue to look for opportunities for earlier stage programs, but I would say that's how we think about our top priorities right now.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, guys. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question will come from Matthew Phipps with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Matthew Phipps: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Two quick ones. Know it's early days, but any particular indications or physician settings where you're seeing more adoption or more interest in Keviantic so far? And then independent trials coming up. Just, you know, how meaningful is this market opportunity expansion? And can you give us any sense of what would be a clinically meaningful benefit in transfusion independence? Thank you.
Adam Lenkowsky: Matt, thanks for the question. We're making good progress with Opdivo and QVANTAKE. We're now around three months post-launch. The feedback has been positive. What we're seeing is the majority of the use thus far has been in the community setting, about 80% as expected. And we're focused on continuing to increase the breadth of prescribing and doing that both in community and in academic settings. What's encouraging is we're seeing physicians use Opdivo plus Yervantes across multiple tumor types. And so as a result, the uptake is tracking right in line with our expectations. So last thing I'll mention is what we have shared previously. Were issued a temporary J code like all part B biologics and that does impact reimbursement timing. And so some accounts are waiting on the sidelines for a permanent J code. Therefore, the subcu conversion will take time to ramp. We'll get that J code July 1 issued and thus we expect the second half ramp. So overall, we're pleased with what we're seeing in the early days of the launch.
Samit Hirawat: And I think the second question was regarding MF. Overall opportunity. So I could take that too. So thanks for the question. So as it relates to myelofibrosis, and anemia associated MS for and F for Reblozole, The opportunity there is pretty modest commercial. The majority of the business for Reblofil is going to be driven by the indication we have from Command, and that's first line. Our teams are focused on really driving that first line RF negative patient. We're making good progress in the United States. We're also unlocking reimbursement outside of the US as well. So we expect continued growth there. The next readout for Reblovil that's going to be important is to be the non-transfusion dependent readout will open up another part of the marketplace. But again, we are focused on really driving the indications that we have today in first line.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Adam. Great. Let's move to our next question.
Operator: The next question will come from Sean McCutcheon with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Sean McCutcheon: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. So for the EXALIBER study with MRD negativity readout later in the year, do you suspect that you could be able to obtain an approval on that MRD negativity outcome as an intermediate endpoint? And with the movement of CAR T into second line and later, how do you think this shapes the opportunity and the bar for utilization of iveratomide in the triplet if it does show benefit over DVD? Thanks.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the question, Sean. Samit, you can start and then Adam maybe weigh in on the latter part of that one.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. So remember, the trial is designed with MRD and then there's the PFS and then there is overall survival as endpoints. And again, very important study for the second line plus population. The overall, as we look at the MRD data, we have to look at the totality of the data that other endpoints are moving in the right direction. Because the supportive evidence would be needed from a regulatory perspective as the regulators look at this, that the other endpoints are not going in the opposite direction. So again, when the rate data reads out, we'll be able to say more in terms of the regulatory possibility. I'll just add one more thing in terms of the placement of ibrutinib once the data are read out and if they're positive and the drug gets approved. Remember, we've talked about it before as well. CAR cell therapies are still limited to academic centers. There's a large amount of patients who are treated in the community setting. So small molecules and combinations are going to be required in the community setting, and therefore, there is that unmet medical need that will be fulfilled with iverdamide and in the future, mezictimide as well.
Adam Lenkowsky: Thank you, Samit. So as you know, this is a very crowded competitive market. But as Samit was alluding to, it's a very fragmented market as well with a lot of room for additional entrants. So yes, cell therapies are moving up in lines of treatment, but they are moving up in treatment in these CAR T centers of excellence, which represent a relatively small percentage of the market. In fact, the majority of the market, over seventy percent of multiple myeloma is treated in the community as Sumit was alluding to. What we're excited about for the novel cell mod agents in multiple myeloma is that number one, provide a tailored approach of efficacy with manageable toxicity profile. Combinability as well as oral convenience. As Samit talked about, we've got four ongoing pivotal trials. Across Iver and Mezi for ivermide triple combination combining well with Dara as well as moving even further up line head to head versus Revlimid in a post-transplant maintenance setting. And for the ACCALIBER study for MEVI, there's a lot of excitement there around the potency of the sacitamab, which has the opportunity to read out as well potentially in early 2026. This is our most potent cell mod combining well and triplet combination with PI. So it together, we're excited about the potential launches of these important assets.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thanks, Adam. Let's move to the next question, please.
Operator: The next question will come from Kripa Devarakonda with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Kripa Devarakonda: I have one on your radio franchise and then maybe a big picture question. Can you talk about expectations from RACE101 in first-line cell lung cancer that's expected later this year? Then maybe a big picture FDA question. You know, the FDA commissioner has recently made a lot of comments on his vision for changes at the FDA at different levels. Was there anything in particular that you think might have a significant impact on you know, either the timelines or how you do drug development or post-marketing surveillance. Thank you.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the questions, Kripa. Maybe Samit, you could take both of those.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. Thank you, Kripa. So yes, truly looking forward to the readout of the Phase one study in extensive stage small cell lung cancer where the radial ligand therapy is being combined with the background of chemotherapy, and what we're really looking for is this primarily the safety certainly, efficacy will be looked at. But, again, with an open-label study and single-arm study, have to compare that to the historical controls to see what the overall looks like. Where chemotherapy does work well, but the durability has generally been challenging in terms of maintaining that response. All of that data is what we are expecting to see as we look towards the back end of this year. As the trial reads out. And that will then set up the stage for taking it further in patients with SSTR two expression in their small cell lung cancer. From the FDA perspective, look, I think thus far, what we've seen from our perspective, that our approvals have come on time. In fact, some of the approvals come before time if you think about the first-line HCC approval that we recently got as well as for the MSI high colorectal cancer approval, Our meetings for across therapeutic areas continue to be on time. Some of them are actually in person now going forward. So overall, we are very constructively and collaboratively working with the regulators to ensure that transformational therapies that we are developing are not delayed and we will certainly continue to work with administration as well as the regulators to convey the point if we start to see any change in those timelines for any of the activities that are going to be critical to bring these medicines to patients on time.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Samit. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question will come from James Shin with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
James Shin: Good morning, guys. Thank you for the question. One for Chris. Sorry to belabor macro, Chris, but totally and totally understand the backdrop is still fluid. But is there an initial data point or policy decision that will inform next steps example, we're having visibility on US corporate tax reform be a starting point, or would you need the actual pharma tariff rates or any color like that to budget accordingly? And then one for Samit. What are your thoughts on the recent PD-one VEGF datasets? Specifically, does the data look consistent? Does it look competitive to PD one? Just get your views there.
Christopher Boerner: Maybe I'll start and then Samit, you can take over. Look, I think that there are multiple aspects of the policy environment that are in flux and we're going to be monitoring each and every one of those. I don't think there's one that rises to more prominence than the other. They're all important at some level. What I would say, if you just step back though, if the goal here is to ensure that we continue to invest in research and development and that we're investing in the United States. One thing we should not overlook is one of the points you just made, which is the importance of tax policy. The US tax rate and making the US corporate tax rate more competitive is critically important. In fact, when you go back to 2017, and the corporate tax rate came down to 21% you saw a positive impact on investment in the United States in R&D. And so I think that in the focus that a lot of folks have on tariffs and on what may happen in the US in an ex-US pricing environment, we shouldn't lose sight of the importance of tax.
Samit Hirawat: So I think from the PD-one VEGF perspective, the data continues to evolve in the right direction, I would say. What we saw yesterday or day before when the news broke out for an additional phase three study in China. Showing a progression-free survival benefit. One of the things that we'll continue to watch out for is when does that OS data start to come become available. What the overall impact on overall survival is gonna look like. Second thing to watch out is going to be what is the impact on safety. Right now, it seems at least from the press release we saw, is it's comparable between the two arms. So we'll have to just look at those parameters. As it applies to us, I would just close it out from that that we have a large portfolio in non-small cell lung cancer. Which is obviously precision-driven as well as looking at our overall portfolio also building on the IO franchise as we think about the high dose and latumab combination with Opdivo. So we have a lot of work to do in non-small cell lung cancer, and but we certainly keep an eye on this data.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Samit. We know you all have a busy day. So if I can just turn to Chris for some closing remarks, then we'll wrap up the call.
Christopher Boerner: Yes. So thanks a lot, Chuck. We do know that you all have a very busy day. There are so many in our sector that are reporting, and we certainly appreciate everyone's attention. I hope it was clear throughout our messaging that the priorities that we have as a company remain consistent and clear. I think what you see in the quarter is our growth portfolio is delivering. We've shown good progress. We're better aligning our cost structure with our revenue base. And many of our key pipeline readouts remain in front of us. In fact, we are just at the very beginning of the wave of catalysts that we have coming. We're in a strong financial position, which affords us options in terms of capital allocation priorities and business development. And before we close, I want to recognize our colleagues for all of their hard work and, of course, even in these uncertain times, we remain committed to our overarching goal, which is to reshape and optimize Bristol-Myers Squibb Company to deliver top-tier growth by the end of the decade. Most importantly, generate attractive returns for shareholders. So again, thank you all for tuning in today and as always the team is available for follow-ups, and have a great rest of the week.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Triano, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Chris Boerner, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Adam Lenkowsky, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Summit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. Earlier this morning, we posted our quarterly slide presentation to bms.com that you can use to follow along with Chris and David's remarks. Before we get started, I'll remind everybody that during this call, we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date, and we specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are made from the same period in 2023 and sales growth rates will be discussed on an underlying basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. All references to our P&L are on a non-GAAP basis. And with that, I'll hand it over to Chris.
Christopher Boerner: Thank you, Chuck, and thank you all for joining us this morning. As we'll discuss today, 2024 was a year of good execution across multiple fronts. Importantly, our performance last year establishes a solid foundation to continue our multiyear journey to achieve top-tier sustainable growth by the end of the decade. I will begin with some comments on our fourth quarter and full year accomplishments. Then I will speak to the promise we see with Cobenfy and the steady cadence of clinical data catalysts that will begin this year, further defining our future growth potential. I will end with an overview of our 2025 guidance. Starting on Slide 4. We closed 2024 with strong fourth quarter performance, reflecting another quarter of double-digit percentage increase for our growth portfolio. In addition, we saw strong performance across key parts of the company and achieved notable commercial and R&D milestones. Looking at the full year, let's turn to Slide 5. I'm pleased with the progress we have made executing on our multiyear plan. For the year, the growth portfolio delivered double-digit revenue growth led by BREYANZI, Krazati, Reblozyl and Opdivo. In the latter part of the year, we reestablished our presence in neuroscience with the U.S. approval and launch of Con which is the first novel mechanism for the treatment of schizophrenia in decades. We also received U.S. approval of Opdivo Quvantic in late December. This new subcutaneous formulation of nivolumab will help extend the reach and impact of our immuno-oncology franchise to patients into the next decade. Throughout 2024, operational excellence and financial discipline were top priorities for us. As part of this effort, we reallocated significant spend towards high potential growth opportunities, achieving most of our targeted $1.5 billion in savings. We expect to capture the remainder of this year. Additionally, we put considerable focus in 2024 on improving R&D productivity. As a result, we have been able to accelerate several programs in our late-stage pipeline. Notable examples include CEMZIOS, where we completed enrollment in the ODYSSEY non-obstructive HCM study 6 months earlier than expected and now anticipate top line results next quarter. With Coben, the ADEPT 2 study in Alzheimer's disease psychosis is expected to have a top line readout in the second half of this year versus our original expectation of 2026. This is due to our focus on accelerating patient recruitment following the acquisition of Karuna. And with our ibertamideexcaliber trial in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma, enrollment is complete, and we have an opportunity for a data readout this year, also ahead of schedule due to the recent addition of MRD as a co-primary endpoint. Looking ahead, we will continue to sharpen our focus on operational excellence. You saw the early steps of this strategy last year. As a continuation of that, we are taking deliberate steps to become a leaner, more focused company and have identified an additional $2 billion in savings. We expect approximately $1 billion of these savings to be realized this year and the remainder by the end of 2027. David will provide more detail shortly. These actions are consistent with our strategy of investing in our growth portfolio and promising areas of science while maintaining financial discipline. As I've said, this is a journey, but we're already seeing progress. I'm confident the actions we are taking are the right ones that will further advance our long-term sustainable growth strategy. Turning to Slide 6. The U.S. approval of Cobintian schizophrenia was an important achievement in 2024, and the launch is off to a great start. While we're focused on delivering on the schizophrenia indication today, we see the potential for additional benefit to patients and have made strategic investments in a broad clinical development program. We expect to have important data readouts starting this year and every year thereafter for the remainder of the decade. This year, we're initiating 7 Phase III studies across 3 indications: Alzheimer's disease agitation, Alzheimer's disease cognition and bipolar 1 disorder. And next year, we plan to begin Phase III studies in autism spectrum disorder irritability. The significant ramp-up in spending on Cobenfy illustrates our focus on continuing to invest behind key growth drivers while simultaneously maintaining financial discipline. Moving to Slide 7. We are entering a data-rich period with multiple catalysts over the next 24 months across a significant number of assets. In 2025, we have multiple important registrational catalysts, as you can see on this slide, including several that I already mentioned as well as the Cobenfy-ARIE study in adjunctive schizophrenia. Then in 2026, we expect to have registrational data for numerous potential first and/or best-in-class medicines, including Milvexian, in acute coronary syndrome and secondary stroke prevention, Admiral parent in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, and mezigdamide in multiple myeloma. We also expect to have registrational data for Arlocell,our GPRC5D CAR-T in multiple myeloma and for RAISE101 in Gepnets. We believe these data readouts will further derisk the pipeline and provide meaningful insight into the future growth profile of the company. Now let me give you an overview of our 2025 guidance and how we see this year playing out on Slide 8. In terms of the top line, we estimate revenue to be approximately $45.5 billion, reflecting, as expected, the near-term impact of generics across multiple products and the continued strength of our growth portfolio. As it relates to the bottom line, we expect our 2025 non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $6.55 to $6.85. This reflects the expanded savings program I mentioned earlier. David will provide more details on our guidance. Finally, turning to Slide 9. BMS is evolving into a fundamentally different company with a clear multiyear plan, strong execution and an accelerating pipeline. We now have a younger and more diversified growth portfolio. This includes Coben which has the potential to be a significant contributor to growth over the coming years. We have a multitude of important data readouts over the next 24 months with the potential to launch 10 or more new medicines and pursue over 30 indication expansion opportunities over the next 5 years. And we remain focused on the therapeutic areas where we have a long track record of success and delivering transformational medicines to patients. We are confident in the steps we are taking to reshape BMS. And by the end of the decade, we expect to have a transformed portfolio of marketed products driving top-tier sustainable growth. Now I'll turn it over to David.
David Elkins: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I will begin my review of our 2024 financial results, focusing on our fourth quarter performance. I will follow up with the introduction of our non-GAAP financial guidance for 2025 and some important considerations to help you better understand our financial outlook for this year. Our performance in 2024 is marked by focused execution on driving top line growth, generating strong cash flow and managing our cost structure. We have entered 2025 with a stronger foundation to deliver on our long-term growth strategy. Starting with Slide 11. Sales in the fourth quarter grew 9% to approximately $12.3 billion, driven by volume growth across the portfolio and higher inventory levels in the market. Our growth portfolio delivered another strong quarter with sales up 23% and represented slightly more than half of our revenue. Key brands like Reblozyl, KENZO and Optolag all achieved significant growth. Within the legacy portfolio, higher sales of Electus were offset by the expected impact of increased generic volumes across several other brands including Revlimid, ABRAXANE, SPRYCEL and POMALYST. Overall, our performance in the fourth quarter capped off a very good year for our company, making progress in building a foundation for long-term sustainable growth. Turning to product performance on Slide 12, starting with oncology. Opdivo delivered solid growth in the fourth quarter, primarily due to higher volume. In 2025, we are focused on conversion and educating the U.S. market on the benefits of Opdivo Kuventeg, and we expect low single-digit growth for this product and OPDIVO taken together. With Optolag, we delivered another quarter of double-digit growth driven by demand in the U.S. where it remains a standard of care in first-line melanoma ex U.S. sales benefited from uptake in newly launched markets. Moving to cardiovascular on Slide 13. Eliquis delivered over $3 billion in fourth quarter sales. U.S. sales grew 19%, benefiting primarily from continued strong demand and the typical inventory build. Importantly, as you think about the impact to Eliquis from Medicare Part D redesign, Q1 U.S. sales growth will be tempered sequentially due to the implementation of the 10% manufacturer responsibility in the initial coverage phase. The remaining quarters of 2025 should steadily increase, particularly in the second half of the year due to the elimination of the coverage gap. Turning to KEmZyOs, sales in the fourth quarter more than doubled, benefiting from higher demand and a large inventory build. -- as a standard of care and obstructive HCM, KIMZYOs continued to show strong momentum as evidenced by the approximate 1,300 new patients added to commercial drug in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we recently received a label update for KEMZIOS in Europe to ease the echo monitoring requirements in the maintenance setting for obstructive HCM. Importantly, we are pleased to announce today that we have a PDUFA date in April for a similar easing of the REMS echo monitoring requirements in the U.S. Let's turn to hematology on Slide 14. Rebase delivered more than 70% growth, reflecting solid uptake across first and second line MDS-associated anemia patients. Sales in the U.S. benefited from demand and included onetime gross-to-net benefit outside the U.S. rebase sales more than doubled, driven by demand across newly launched markets in Europe and a strong launch in Japan. In cell therapy, BrionZ's fourth quarter sales more than doubled, driven by its best-in-class profile and strong demand growth across all its approved indications. Now moving to immunology on Slide 15. Global sales of STC grew more than 30% and U.S. sales benefited from higher demand, tempered by gross to net impacts from higher rebates associated with expanded access coverage. Starting in 2025, we further improved our access position with 80% of covered lives having 0 step edits, which will help us drive demand growth. As a result of this improved access position, however, we expect additional headwinds from higher rebates notably across the immunology franchise. Regarding CERTIKTU specifically, this will temper our reported sales in the first half of the year until demand volume can offset these impacts. I will wrap up reviewing our performance for the quarter on Slide 16 with neuroscience and cube fee. Covent sales in the fourth quarter were approximately $10 million and represent roughly 2 months of sales and initial stocking. And we've seen strong prescription uptake during these early months of launch. Feedback from both patients and physicians has been favorable, highlighting the benefits of Cobenfi's differentiated efficacy and safety profile. Let's now move to the P&L on Slide 17. As expected, gross margin declined about 240 basis points in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by product mix. Excluding in-process R&D, operating expenses increased approximately 8%, largely driven by R&D investments, partially offset by our ongoing cost savings program. Regarding our operating expenses, we made significant progress during 2024 against our $1.5 billion strategic productivity initiative. As of the end of the fourth quarter, we realized approximately $1.1 billion in savings and expect the remaining $400 million to be realized in 2025. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.9% compared to 14.9% in the prior year, primarily driven by earnings mix. For the full year, excluding in-process R&D charges, our effective tax rate was 18%, Overall, diluted earnings per share were $1.67 for the quarter and full year diluted earnings per share came in at $1.15. Turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation highlights on Slide 18. Our financial position remains strong with approximately $11.2 billion in cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31. We generated strong cash flow from operations of approximately $4.4 billion in the fourth quarter. In terms of capital allocation, we continue to ensure we employ a strategic and balanced approach. Business development remains a priority, as does our plan to pay down debt. As of the end of 2024, we have repaid approximately $6 billion of the $10 billion of debt we committed to pay down relative to our March 31, 2024 balance. Our capital allocation priorities also include returning cash to shareholders through a commitment to the dividend. 2025 marks our 93rd consecutive year of dividend payments. On Slide 19, I'll provide more detail on our expanded strategic productivity initiative that Chris mentioned earlier. Building on the work we did to capture cost savings last year, we identified additional opportunities to streamline operations further leverage technology and drive greater efficiency in our ways of working. As a result, we expanded the existing program to include approximately $2 billion of incremental run rate operating expense savings with approximately $1 billion to be achieved in 2025 and the remainder by the end of 2027. Under this expanded initiatives, savings will be driven by changes in organizational design and efforts to enhance operational efficiency with each accounting for roughly 50% of the targeted savings. Within organizational design, we will continue to optimize and streamline our workforce to better align with the future needs of the business. To further optimize resources and enhance productivity, we will drive operational efficiencies across multiple areas of the business. In contrast to the initial $1.5 billion cost savings program, where savings were mainly reinvested. This expanded program will see the incremental $2 billion in savings drop to the bottom line. Overall, our focus is to become a leaner, more efficient company while investing behind our growth portfolio and promising areas of science. With that in mind, let me walk you through our non-GAAP 2025 guidance on Slide 20, starting with revenue. As Chris said earlier, we estimate revenue in 2025 to be approximately $45.5 billion, primarily reflecting the near-term impact of generics across multiple products and the continued strength of our growth portfolio. We expect an 18% to 20% decline in the legacy portfolio due to the stacking of LOEs and anticipated headwinds from foreign exchange of approximately $500 million. This will be partially offset by higher revenue and continued strong performance of our key growth brands. Now continuing with our 2025 guidance for certain P&L line items, we expect our gross margin to be approximately 72%, which reflects the impact of product mix. Excluding in-process R&D, we expect total operating expenses to show a meaningful decline to approximately $16 billion, driven by the expanded cost savings program I just mentioned. We anticipate our overall expenses to be more evenly phased throughout the year. Operating margin is expected to be approximately 37% for 2025. We're expecting OI&E income of approximately $30 million and we expect to maintain our tax rate of approximately 18%. Considering these factors, we expect to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of approximately $6.55 to $6.85. Before closing, let me provide some insight regarding our expected quarterly progression of revenue for 2025. As it relates to quarterly phasing, we expect the first quarter to be impacted by the typical inventory destocking we see each year following the build in Q4. as well as the additional gross-to-net pressures from Medicare Part D redesign, which will be accentuated within Eliquis. As I said earlier, we expect Eliquis revenue for the remaining quarters of 2025 to steadily increase. particularly in the second half. As a result of this, we expect the legacy portfolio to decline approximately 10% to 12% on a sequential basis, reflecting these dynamics and continued generic impacts as previously communicated. However, on a total company basis, we expect the inventory and gross-to-net dynamics to normalize beginning in Q2, with second half revenues to be higher than the first half of the year. In closing, our strong performance in 2024 has strengthened our confidence in our ability to deliver long-term value for our patients and shareholders. We remain focused on executing our growth strategy and rightsizing our cost structure. We also look forward to multiple data catalysts, which will accelerate over the next 24 months and will derisk our pipeline and provide more certainty on the future shape of our company. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Chuck for Q&A.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, David and Chris for the prepared remarks. Alison, could we please poll for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today will come from Chris Schott of JPMorgan.
Christopher Schott: Just 2 quick ones for me. First on Cobenfy. It seems like feedback and coverage dynamics are progressing well. Can you just elaborate on how you're thinking about the ramp of the drug from here as we balance as you highlight kind of entrenched physician prescribing habits against what seems like a relatively poor standard of care and pretty large unmet need in the space. I just trying to get so like the ramp, how you're thinking about it for '25? And the second 1 is just on the cost program. once you're done with this incremental $2 billion, should we think about additional cost opportunities as you go through that 2028 LOE cycle, or is this going to really put the company in the, I guess, the right place as we think about the longer-term model and longer-term business. So basically kind of thinking about is, is the 27% run rate kind of a good way to think about this? Or is there another step down as we head into Eliquis and OPDIVO?
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the questions, Chris. I'll have Adam take the first question, and then I'll take the second. .
Adam Lenkowsky: Great. Thanks, Chris. So regards to the Coben fee, we're very pleased with what we're seeing with Coben with 3 months post launch, and the launch is really off to a strong start. We're now at approximately 1,000 TRxs per week. And we made very good progress achieving our access goals. So for Medicaid and Medicare, we're tracking ahead of our expectations. We've achieved over 90% Medicaid access and over 80% Medicare access, recall those 2 payers represent over 80% of the covered lives in this category. And as expected, the majority have 1 step edit post generic. We're also making very good progress with commercial payers. The feedback over the last several months has been very positive. There's been a lot of enthusiasm around the efficacy and safety profile. I'm also pleased with the number of trialists that we're seeing since launch, and we have an opportunity to further expand and increase adoption with roughly 30,000 psychiatrists. So as you said, this is the first new mechanism of action in decades in the treatment of schizophrenia. And so we're out with our teams educating customers on Cobenpi's differentiated profile and we're breaking reflexive prescribing habits, and that's going to take some time. So we would expect to see continued strong uptake through 2025. And as we said, with the ramp back half of this year. But taken together, we are really pleased with what we're seeing so far, and we plan to make this a very big product for the company over time.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Adam. And Chris, with respect to the second part of your question on the cost program, let me say a few things. First, as you think about this cost program keep in mind that our focus as a company continues to be on investing for growth. That's investing in the products that we have today, investing in the pipeline, both the late-stage pipeline as well as promising early areas of science. And maybe just give you quick vignettes on that. We plan to initiate 7 Phase III programs starting this year on Coben, clearly illustrating that we'll continue to invest in our pipeline. And then Adam can speak to this, but we made significant up investments in commercial last year which explains, we believe part of the progress that we've made on products like CEMZYOS, OPDIVO and BRIAN. So investing in growth is a priority for us, and that's the top priority. With respect to the cost programs, just a bit of context. As we were executing on last year's program, we cataloged a number of opportunities for us to become a more agile company, to become more nimble and speedy in terms of how we operate. And given where we are on that program as well as where we are with respect to LOEs, we think that it makes sense for us to capitalize on those opportunities now. So that's really driven the timing of this announcement, and we think it puts us in a good position going forward. With respect to this -- the follow-up to that, which is, will there be additional cost-cutting efforts there, I think we're always going to align the organization to the needs of the business. This is an extension of last year's program. It gives us more financial flexibility. That financial flexibility gives us strategic flexibility but we're always going to be focused on ensuring that we've rightsized the organization, and we've got the right level of spend, given where the business is.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Chris. Alison, can we go to our next question.
Operator: Next question will come from Luisa Hector of Berenberg.
Luisa Hector: I just wanted to take your assumption for Part D redesign, if you can quantify it in 2025. And then just an update on cendakimab, I don't see it on the slides, but any updates on the filing plans there.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the question, Luisa. I'll have Adam take both of those questions.
Adam Lenkowsky: Thanks, Luisa. As relates to Part D redesign, there are pushes and pulls. Overall, we're going to see favorability with Eliquis due to the elimination of the coverage gap and with that, we're not going to see the historical dynamics with Eliquis, where first half sales have been higher than the second half sales. In fact, what we're going to see in Q1 is going to be the lowest quarter of sales for Eliquis mid-single-digit sequential growth from Q4 to Q1 globally. And we'll see second half sales be higher than first half sales. But for the full year, we expect strong year-on-year growth for Eliquis. Now when you look at products like REVLIMID, POMALYST, ORENCIA and CAMZYOS, for example, that's going to offset the Eliquis favorability as we see increasing gross to net pressure starting in as patients enter the catastrophic phase. And as you know, we're responsible for 20% in the catastrophic phase and 10% in the initial coverage phase. But as we've said previously, we project it to be roughly net neutral across our portfolio this year. As it relates to cendakimab, given the data that we have seen, we've made the decision not to commercialize cendakimab. We're going to continue to prioritize investments and opportunities where we have a competitive advantage. We can deliver the highest return for the company in areas where we believe that we have an opportunity to deliver potentially transformational outcomes for patients. We made a similar decision late last year with Zeposia in UC. As we saw the unsuccessful trial in Crohn's disease. And based on our competitive position with opposing in IBD, we made that decision as well.
Operator: The next question will come from Geoff Meacham of Citi.
Geoffrey Meacham: Thanks so much for the question. I had another 1 on CoVENFI. I know, Chris, you highlighted the expansion opportunities on Slide 6. I guess, are there others that you could add or accelerate beyond what you have? I guess the main question is, since the emracladine failure are there changes to the investment plan that you're contemplating? And then on the policy front, I want to get your perspective as RFKJ's nomination or a confirmation looks I think fairly imminent, what are the potential puts and takes on IRA revisions? Obviously, been a lot of chatter on what discounting could look like in the outer years.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. I'll take the first part of that question and then turn it over to Samit and Adam, and then I'll come back and talk about the policy bit. Just let me give you a top line on Cobenfy. Obviously, the competitive dynamics and changes on the competitive front haven't impacted the short term on that product. We have always been focused on delivering that product as quickly as possible. patients. However, we do believe that those competitive dynamics provide a more significant long-term opportunity for us and so we have put a full court press on ensuring that we do everything we can to capitalize on that opportunity in the long term, and that includes accelerating programs where possible. So maybe Samit and Adam want to comment.
Samit Hirawat: Yes, it's absolutely true what Chris just said because if you think about the dual muscular agonism mechanism of action that draft carries, it opens up the door for investigating and exploring many of the dementia associated psychosis and agitation disorders. So we will continue to explore where the drug could be applied, where additional indications could be added and how we can accelerate the development of this molecule and as well as continue to look into our pipeline, what other molecules we can bring forward in the neuropsychiatric space to be able to manage the unmet clinical need that exists for these patients at this time.
Adam Lenkowsky: I'll just add, Sumit. Our focus has been on ensuring a successful launch where generic atypical have about 80% market share, and co-benehas significant safety and ethically advantages there. As Sumit just mentioned, we see the unique efficacy advantages around the 3 domains of schizophrenia. -- hitting on positive symptoms, negative symptoms and cognition due to its unique maxes action. So we didn't expect competition from other muscarinic in schizophrenia until late 26, early '27. And the failure of erracladine, we have a clear path forward in schizophrenia and we're excited about the opportunity with Cobenfy. And we believe that we're going to drive meaningful growth for Covent really into the middle of the next decade.
Christopher Boerner: On the policy front, maybe a few things. First, as a company, as you well know, we have a long history of working across both sides of the aisle. We actually look forward to working with the new Congress as well as President Trump's administration, including nominees like RFK once those nominees obviously are confirmed. Our focus as a company is going to continue to be on policies that strengthen the ecosystem for innovation to make sure that we're ensuring to address the needs of patients and our employees. Also, I would add ensuring that the FDA has what it needs to fulfill its mission. And so that's going to be our focus as a company. With respect to IRA specifically, I do think there's an opportunity for us to address in the coming administration some of the challenges as 1 of the first companies to go through the IRA price setting process. We've been very clear on concerns that we have with that law. And we see the need to have a number of fixes that will avoid some of the more damaging aspects of the law and some of the more perverse incentives and I would highlight addressing the billet and addressing the spillover impact as 2 of the most important areas that we'll be focused on. And of course, there are other policy priorities -- but in general, we look forward to working with this administration, and we think we've got some opportunities to do so.
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Shibutani of Goldman Sachs.
Unknown Analyst: I'm struck by the ability to do several things at the same time while trying to realign your costs and integrate these businesses. There have been several advancements of time lines in terms of data readouts. And there's also been an absence of slippage across integrating aspects of the pipeline that are very important what are the keys in your opinion, to being able to deliver on this progress and in particular, the advancement of time lines?
Christopher Boerner: Maybe I'll start and then turn it over to Samit. I think, Chris, you've correctly pointed out there a lot of moving parts. But I would say One of the reasons that we've been fixated on operational excellence, becoming a more nimble and focused organization is making sure that we're staying absolutely focused on those things that are going to drive value to the company and value to shareholders. And so one of those things has been a very laser-like focus on R&D productivity. The work that we've done in that regard has enabled us to accelerate a number of programs that are going to add value for the company. In fact, one of the reasons we have this wave of catalysts that are coming forward over the next 24 months, is that we have been focused on ensuring we hit the time lines that we set internally and where possible, accelerate and Samit and the team has done a nice job of helping us do that. So Samit, do you want to comment on specifics.
Samit Hirawat: Yes, absolutely. Thank you for the question, Chris. As Chris said, the laser focus is the start. But then again, following the principles we laid out a few years back, in fact, between Robert and myself from the research and discovery perspective, the cause of biology to discover the drugs matching the modality to the mechanisms and then picking the right diseases. And then after that, accelerating that proof of concept generation. But then if you look at the late development, we broke down the process into multiple pieces and dig deeper into where we were doing well, whereas wherever the space is where we had the opportunity to shorten the time lines. And there, we identified several opportunities, and then we started to dig deeper into it. The other thing we did last year is also prioritize our portfolio and made certain decisions what we will pursue versus what we will not pursue. Some assets, some trials were stopped and then we started focusing on where the most amount of scientific rigor was there to be able to achieve the proof of concept. And once that was achieved, how do we then accelerate that into generation of the data to bring the drug to the patients and to commercialization all of that has helped. And the examples that are right in front of you, last year, we were able to accelerate and deliver the psoriatic arthritis data early --,, this year, we'll be able to give KENZYOSdata early. This year, we'll be able to bring in ADAPT. And now we are working on the next trial as well as we think about multiple myeloma, LPA1 and IPF as well as SLE trials, for SOTC. And of course, that mindset will go in all of these 7 trials that we've talked about for Coventry as well. So overall, very pleased with the progress we've made, but we have a little bit more distance to go, and we'll continue to focus on our portfolio to deliver.
Christopher Boerner: And just to put a finer point on what Samit said, Chris, we have the potential for 15 or more registrational trials that will read out by the end of next year. And so the work that Samit's team is doing to ensure that those are delivered, delivered on time is, we think, critical, and we've made good progress in 2024. And as Samit said, we're heads down continuing to execute on that.
Operator: And the next question will come from Tim Anderson of Bank of America.
Timothy Anderson: I have a couple of questions. So the revenue guidance for '25 is about $1 billion less than consensus in as much as you've looked at consensus, where are you seeing the biggest differences could Codensa be 1 of those contributors of the delta? And then a longer-term question on earnings. In the past, Chris, you've suggested trough earnings would really be in the very late 2020s. And to me, it felt like maybe 2028, 2029. Is that still the right way to think about it? And could a product like Covent fee or some of these other programs possibly pull that forward?
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the questions, Tim. Maybe I'll start and then turn it over to David for the first part of your question, and then I'll come back for the second part. Look, with respect to how we thought about guidance and the outlook for this year, I think you as well as I think everybody knows the LOE exposure that we have as a company as expected. This year, we're seeing the increased step down on Revlimid as well as the stacking of full year impacts products like POMALYST, which lost exclusivity in Europe as well as in the U.S. price and our guidance reflects that. But keep in mind, those are short-term impacts. And the long term, which is what we're focused on, we feel good about the progression that we're making on the new product portfolio. And then as we discussed just in the last question, we have an exciting set of assets that are going to be reading out that will frame out what the company looks like in the back part of the decade. And maybe I'll ask David to fill in some of the specifics on the LOEs and the guidance.
David Elkins: Yes. Tim, thank you for the question. And just as a reminder, Bloomberg's for the total company is sitting around 46.2% we're guiding approximately 45.5%. If you remember in my prepared remarks, -- so there's a headwind of currency, which we don't believe has been built in, which is around $500 million. So as we look at where we are versus consensus from a revenue perspective, we're broadly in line with where it is. Any minor differences is really as we keep highlighting is around the legacy portfolio, in particular, REVLIMID coming down to 2, 2.5 as well as the other generic impacts that we mentioned on the call. But overall, we feel pretty good where we are versus consensus.
Christopher Boerner: With respect to the trough question, first, I think the way you're thinking about the drop in general is the right way to think about it. As we've said before, we're not going to be giving long-term guidance as a standard course. This reflects the philosophy that we have that we're going to guide to what we and you can hold us accountable for. But what we've also been very clear on is that our focus continues to be on driving top-tier growth exiting this decade. And specifically, that means increasing the velocity of growth that we have in the last couple of years exiting this decade and into the next. So as it relates to trough, we're working to do everything we can to change the timing, the depth and duration of that. And how we do that is to continue to do more of what we frankly did last year, dry brand growth brand performance. accelerate the pipeline so that we derisk some of these future catalysts as quickly as possible, use our capital to accelerate growth. Frankly, that's what we did when we acquired Karuna to bring a product like Cobinfi into the portfolio. And in fact, as a result of that and what we see as the long-term potential, we believe we've accelerated the velocity of growth as we exit this decade. So we're going to continue to be focused on finding ways to use capital to continue to accelerate their growth profile. And we're going to become more nimble as a company so we can move quickly to capitalize on those. That's what we're focused on, and that's what we're going to be transparent about our performance against on these calls.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thank you, Chris. Alison, let's move to the next question.
Operator: Next question will come from Mahi Banzel of Wells Fargo.
Mohit Bansal: My question is regarding Aliquis. So I mean -- so there was some thoughts about Eliquis getting some tailwind because of design given that there's no donut hole now. And maybe the like given the price point the impact of party design may not be a lot. So in the context of that, how are you thinking about the growth for this brand for this year? .
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the question, Mohit. Adam, do you want to take that?
David Elkins: Yes, Thanks Mohit, for the question. As I mentioned, we're going to see favorability with Eliquis this year in the U.S. due to Part D redesign with the elimination of the coverage gap. And so I talked about the dynamics historically, where the first half sales were higher than the second half sales. So we're going to see something very different this year, where Q1 sales will be the lowest quarter for Eliquis, and we'll see higher sales in the second half of the year. For the year, we expect strong double-digit growth for Eliquis overall. And when we look at where we are positioned in the market in the U.S., we have a market share that continues to grow linearly. Our share in the U.S. NBRx is roughly 75% and -- and we know that with Xarelto out of the market, we've got a great opportunity to continue to drive this important brand for the company.
Operator: Next question will come from Trang Han of UBS.
Unknown Analyst: Just 2, please. So firstly, can you just give us some color on the gross margin cadence for 2025? You touched upon 1Q dynamics, but should we just follow the REVLIMID step downs for the year? -- is there any other considerations that we should think about here? And then just wondering if you can give us any early insights into the access and coverage of Opdivo Quantic -- and any thoughts on the uptake for '25.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the questions, Fran. David, do you want to take the first 1 and then Adam, you can comment on the second.
David Elkins: As we said, the step down will be mainly driven by REVLIMID and POMALYST. -- volumes coming through with those gross margins being slightly higher than the average. And the only other consideration obviously is Eliquis. And I think as Adam had covered typically Eliquis is larger in the first half of the year than the second half of the year. This year, that's going to be inverted in that our lowest quarter for Eliquis the first quarter but our sales will be higher in the second half of the year than the first half of the year. So that would be the other consideration as you think through the gross margin of the company in total.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. So as it relates to Opdivo Quvantic, these are very early days. The team is out in the field educating health care practitioners on the benefits of subcu versus IV. As we said previously, we believe physicians will convert at least 30% to 40% of the IV business ahead of our LOE in late 2028, which will extend the franchise into the 2030s. We have seen so far very positive feedback early on is around usage in adjuvant patients, patients who are treated in combination with YERVOY, like in first-line metastatic melanoma, first-line RCC. The feedback specifically has been positive regarding the 3- to 5-minute infusion time taking all that treatment burden for both physicians and for patients. We've also seen a number of NCCN guidelines updated for your reimbursement question to include optavialcuvantig within just a few weeks after approval. And I think the most common question that we're getting is around the reimbursement dynamics here. We've had conversion from IV subcu in the first half of the year is going to take some time, mainly due to a temporary J code, which is routine for any new product in this category. And conversion will accelerate in the second half of the year once we transition to a permanent J code on July 1. And so we're excited about the launch and what this means for patients, physicians and importantly, the durability of our IO franchise.
Operator: Next question will come from Evan Seigerman of BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman: One on BD, more specifically, now that we're on this side of the muscarinic debate with Coventry approved and peer acuity not showing an efficacy, can you walk us through kind of your process in determining why you went for Karuna when you wanted to get into schizophrenia. And on kind of a more mechanistic perspective, what's happening with Kemira? We saw a nice step up. What are you seeing in the field that's driving the uptake there? .
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the questions, Evan. 'll start and then turn it over to Adam. There's no magic bullet with respect to how you approach business development from our standpoint. But I think there were a few things that we did well with the Karuna acquisition that will frame how we continue to do business development. First, I would note that the senior leadership team of the company owns the decision to move forward with that acquisition. Capital allocation is critically important as we've discussed. Business development is a top priority for us as a company. It's important as we navigate the back part of this decade, and when you're allocating investor capital at that scale, it's critical that senior leaders take ownership and accountability for it. So we did that. Second, we were very disciplined in the approach. It started with making sure that we really like the science, we considered multiple options and we zeroed in on the science that was coming out of Karuna as compelling in our view. And beyond that, we felt strongly that this had an opportunity to strengthen our therapeutic areas as well as to give us opportunities to accelerate growth in the back part of the decade. And of course, we were very disciplined on the financials. We needed to make sure that we could put a compelling case together that it would add value to the company and ultimately to shareholders. You actually saw how we executed against that post the decision to acquire in that we spent a lot of time with the Heritage Karuna team to fully develop this asset in ways that they were unable to do so. And we think that's important in terms of how we think about the long-term opportunity. And maybe the last lesson learned that I'd highlight is we moved very quickly -- and so those lessons, I think, will frame out how we continue to do business development at the company. And then Adam, do you want to take the second question?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Evan, regarding CMIOs, we've seen strong and consistent growth from Kim Zios -- as you heard from David's opening remarks, year-end, 2024, there were approximately 12,000 patients in the hub and roughly 9,500 patients on commercial drug. So we've established a strong revenue base, and we expect continued growth from the expansion of our prescriber base. We're seeing high persistency and duration of therapy. And we're continuing to add new patients each and every week. So our focus is now on increasing depth of prescribing in the larger COEs while at the same time, increasing breadth in some of the smaller institutions and larger community practices, and we're making some good progress there. We also have a couple of things. David mentioned, one, we look forward to the PDUFA date that's coming in April. So similar to what we've seen in Europe, our goal is to ease the burden of echo requirements for patients and physicians, and we expect that to open up additional capacity at the COEs. And as a result, physicians will be able to treat more patients. And as you're also aware, we have a data readout in nonobstructive HCM, and we're looking forward to seeing the ONS data in Q2, and that will and the eligible patient population by about 30% or so. And so that's going to allow Kamo to have a nice first mover advantage in both indications and across the full spectrum of patients with symptomatic HCM.
Operator: Next question will come from Akash Tewari of Jefferies.
Akash Tewari: So what's the risk around the adjunct schizophrenia trial for KabEnfI? Because we haven't seen a lot of companies run that specific trial. And if they have, they've often failed. So why wouldn't the probability of success for this trial be more like a 50-50 coin flip? And on the Camis label update, are you aiming for 6 months echo monitoring requirements? And if so, how do you think that will help expand access into the community setting?
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the question, Samit and Adam.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you for the question. On the adjective schizophrenia, I remember where we started off and how patients are treated in the in the real world. So we obviously have developed the drug as a monotherapy, but these patients were primarily before they got onto the trial, we're receiving the D2 agonist and thereafter, there was a washout period, patients came on the drug and then, of course, the trial evaluated the primary endpoint in emerging 1, 2 and 3 at a shorter window. But remember, merging 4 and 5 have now read out with a 52-week follow-up. Many of those patients obviously, are also taking concomitant medications in the background. So -- and we've seen that efficacy continued to be maintained within -- as we look towards the 52-week data point as well. So overall, from that perspective, we are confident on the overall safety profile that is emerging on that. And then, of course, from a blinded data perspective, the study has continued at this point. So now we are only a few months away from the readout for that trial. And of course, on top of that, we'll look at ADAPT trials also reading out beginning at the back end of this year. Coming to Camzyos, a point that I would like to make is -- it is very important that we continue to decrease the burden on the site on the patients and the treating physicians. And from that perspective, it was important the data that we've collected from the real world as well as in the clinical trials suggest that the overall safety profile of Camzyos is maintained. Many of the patients are treated actually at the lowest holes of 2.5 and 5 milligrams and considering all of that data is where we approach the health authorities, and you've already seen the action taken in Europe and now looking forward to the April action as we think about the maintenance for these patients with a longer duration in between echos as we look to the U.S. reviews as well. Adam, if you want to add anything?
Adam Lenkowsky: Just adding just 1 bit, and point you to the the European label. The label was updated late last year to reduce the frequency of echo monitoring for patients taking CAMZIOS from every 12 weeks to once every 6 months when patients are in the maintenance phase. So that's after week 12. And what we would expect is not so much in the community, but this will open up additional capacity at the centers of excellence. And as a result, physicians will be able to treat more patients.
Operator: Next question will come from Terence Flynn of Morgan Stanley.
Terence Flynn: Great. Maybe 2 for me. David, I just wanted to clarify on the new productivity initiative, should we think about the run rate year-end '27 as being $15 billion. So an incremental $1 billion off of the $16 million now. I just wanted to make sure I understand it correctly. And then on iberdomide, the addition to the MRD endpoint, did FDA sign off on that? And if so, are you able to get approval on just an MRD endpoint? Or do you need follow-up data from the PFS? And anything you can say about what kind of efficacy delta you'd need on MRD?
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Terence, David in Samit.
David Elkins: Yes. thanks for the question. Yes, you have that right. So we said an incremental. It's a $2 billion program, all that dropping to the bottom line. We said $1 billion of that which dropped this year with operating expenses of $16 billion the further $1 billion achieved by 2027 would get you to operating expenses of $15.
Samit Hirawat: In terms of thinking about iberdomide, of course, quite excited that based on the discussions that you probably followed from the ODAC setting perspective at MRD as an endpoint is more and more becoming important because in multiple myeloma, there are multiple lines of therapies that are available, but still no cure available for patients with multiple myeloma. So it is important that we continue to figure out how to accelerate the process of drug development and that's why newer end points are needed. So of course, we've discussed with the FDA the ability to include MRD as 1 of the primary endpoints in the clinical trial, and we'll certainly be reading that out most likely in this year. Now everything in the regulatory world will be dependent on the risk benefit ratio and the overall magnitude that we'll observe at the end of the day. So when the data is available, that's when we will engage with the regulators in terms of how they will see that data and what else they would need Remember, we have not taken out PFS as the second primary endpoint within the trial as well. So of course, the patients will be followed for PFS and as well as the secondary endpoint, which is overall survival as well. So we are going to collect maximum data from the clinical trial and engage the authorities based on the magnitude and the timing of the readout.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Samit. The only thing, Terence, I would add, and David got it right with respect to how the cost savings will flow is to -- as I said earlier on this call, keep in mind that as we think about the overall cost structure, as we see compelling opportunities for growth that exist, we're going to make sure that we continue to invest in those -- so just keep that in mind as framing all of this discussion around cost.
Operator: Our next question will come from Courtney Breen of Bernstein.
Courtney Breen: I think you spoke a little bit about business development in an answer before and referenced it as a top priority from a capital allocation perspective. Can you just talk a little bit about TA alignment, kind of what good looks like, particularly in the context of the organization you have right now, I think, last year was a little bit of digesting the deals that you've done quickly. And so wanting to understand kind of how you're thinking about that appetite now and over the course of the year? And then the second was just around kind of codentfeand specifically kind of gross-to-net evolution as we're thinking about this access evolving from kind of initial private pay to more of the government setting to then adding on a little bit of the commercial environment, that would be really helpful to understand how you're expecting that to flow.
Christopher Boerner: Both good questions. I'll start and then turn it over to Adam. As we said earlier, and as you reiterated, business development is a top priority for us. Think about that both in terms of partnerships and where it makes sense, acquisitions. And the way we think about therapeutic areas is that we're really focused on strengthening our position in the core therapeutic areas that we have today, and that we can do by bringing promising areas of science into the company as well as looking for assets that can improve the growth profile of the company. And I think you saw shortly after I became CEO in 2023, we did both of those things. What's important and the way we think about it is that we need to like the science and feel that we're the rightful owners of it, the financials have to make sense. And again, we've included in that thinking strengthening the growth profile as a key factor we're considering. And we have to believe that we can drive value for the company and ultimately for shareholders. And as we look across the core therapeutic areas that we have today, we see opportunities as we see opportunities to strengthen our position in those therapeutic areas. The nice thing is that we're in a very strong financial position. And as I said earlier, that financial strength and flexibility gives us strategic flexibility and that flexibility includes doing business development where it makes sense.
Adam Lenkowsky: Believe I'll just answer the question around SP261127157 Courtney. Thanks for the question. Relates to gross to net, the brand is going to continue to lean heavily towards the public sector Medicare and Medicaid. And you think about the evolution of schizophrenia and seton indications or our Alzheimer's indications, whether it be Alzheimer's the psychosis or Alzheimer's cognition. These are patients who are going to be in Medicare and Medicaid. Commercial patients are less than 10%, you will see that more commonly in some of the indications such as autism and in bipolar disorder, but the majority of the brand will largely be in the public where there are Medicaid best price.
Operator: Next question will come from Seamus Fernandez of Guggenheim Securities.
Seamus Fernandez: So just quickly on Cobenfy, I was hoping you could talk about the patient experience that you're seeing so far in the field. We know that patients certainly feel better cognitively, but there are questions around the tolerability and the BID dosing. So just interested to know if there's any early signs of sort of and how you're managing the GI profile that's been talked about a bit by some thought leaders in that regard. And then the second question is just as we think about the overall kind of multiple myeloma opportunity, just hoping to get a sense of where you think novel oral drugs like iberdomide or resignomide could appropriately fit within the context of the overall multiple myeloma market. given the availability of generic Revlimid and POMALYST?
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Seamus. Adam, and then maybe, Samit, you can chime in as well.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, Seamus, thanks for the questions. We've been really pleased with what we're hearing from both physicians and patients. The feedback has been very positive with a lot of enthusiasm on the efficacy and the safety profile. So what we're hearing is patients are seeing improvement in positive symptoms as early as the first week of treatment and on really the lowest dose of 50 milligrams. And we're also hearing good successes on negative symptoms and what we were really excited about this asset for improvement in clarity of thought, improvement of cognition, patients being able to reengage with their families and even start thinking about going back to work. The AEs, what we've heard from physicians, they're manageable, including the nausea and vomiting because what we're seeing is the majority of physicians in the real world are treating patients at the lowest dose. Just starting with 50 milligrams, they're taking a week or 2 before they titrate up to the next dose at 100 unlike what you saw in the clinical trials, which moved to 125 milligrams within the first 8 days of the trial. So that has been incredibly positively received, and so we're not hearing a lot of the top tolerability issues from physicians. But our teams are out there making sure that we're educating on what to expect. As it relates to BID -- we know that on average, patients are on 7 pills per day. And so we're not hearing this as a major objection to prescribing. And last thing I'll mention is we've got an ongoing study looking at taking Covent with food that will read out this year. So that will also improve the ease of prescribing for physicians and make it easier for patients as well.
Samit Hirawat: So I'll just take it off from there. And 1 thing that I would just add on opened. So prior to Cobenfy, what drugs were doing was treating the symptoms of schizophrenia, meaning the positive symptoms primarily. With Cobenfy, now we are treating schizophrenia, meaning also impacting the negative symptoms, and we are seeing the impact on cognition as we have recently published the data on multiple myeloma switching gears it's important to understand where the patients are treated and what the drugs are available. If you think about the cell therapies and the T cell engagers or bispecifics, they are to be primarily used in the academic settings whereas most of the patients with multiple myeloma, especially with the relapsed/refractory disease are being treated in the community setting, where it is very difficult to get these therapies with the side effect management and the rents programs that go along with them. And that's where it is very important to continue to develop small molecules, which are easy to deliver and can be combined with the standard of care therapies. And that's exactly where Iberdomide Music might sit. And you know mesictamide is being compared head-to-head versus pomalidomide and that's how you replace somalitomide. And then, of course, there's another trial looking head-to-head iberdomide versus Revlimid, which certainly will read out later, but it is a very important component of the overall development plan.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Risinger of Leerink Partners.
David Risinger: Congrats on all the updates. Sorry, I have another call coming in here. So my apologies. They want me on the box to speak. So I have 2 questions. First, with respect to the performance in '25. So obviously, the worse that the LOEs perform in '25, the better the setup for the trajectory of growth for the company in '26. But if the loss of exclusivity products performed better than expected, then it makes it a little bit tougher to grow in. Could you just discuss that a little bit and provide some initial context for '26? I know that you're not providing guidance at this time. And then second, just with respect to RV, it's been performing very strongly, growing 20% roughly in the fourth quarter and roughly 20% for full year 2025 sorry, 2024, can you comment on growth prospects for YERVOY going forward as well?
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, David. David Elkins and then Adam.
David Elkins: Yes. So just on your question around 25 and what to think about heading into 26. First, REVLIMID, as we said, we have additional generic entry coming. So about 70% of the market will be supplied by generics. Remember, for REVLIMID, full generic entry in January of 26. So we'll be through that by the end of the year. And we have a generic entry APOMALIS next year as well. And the only other headwind that I would mention is we provided that guidance on IRA, which really took out the worst-case scenario for Eliquis as we head into the IRA. But really, our focus remains on investing in the growth drivers. You saw the strong execution in that growth portfolio that's now greater than 50% of our business. We exited double-digit growth last year. We feel really good about the position that we're in this year. And then as you think about going into '26 with that growth portfolio, you heard Adam talk about the additional indications in Censis and STK as well as Real -- and we got some really important data readouts that we're going to be able to add up to 6 new NMEs here over the next 2 years. So that growth portfolio is really coming together. We're adding to that. And then you've heard all the commentary around Cobenfy further adding to that growth portfolio. So there's pushes and pulls there. But what's becoming clear is the strength of the growth profile as we go into the second half of the decade here.
Adam Lenkowsky: As it relates to YERVOY, we're seeing solid demand growth across our core indications, first-line lung, first-line RCC as well as first-line melanoma, where YERVOY is using combination. And that growth is coming both from the U.S. and from our international markets. In the U.S., we continue to see good adoption in the community. And as you know, last year, we presented I think is a remarkable 10-year long-term data in first-line melanoma. I think the last thing I'd means we're also preparing for launches this year in first-line HCC and first-line MSPCRC, both in combination with Yervoy, which will help drive your voice performance. And we also have Opdivo YERVOY lung approval that's pending in China. So taken together, we would expect continued growth from YERVOY in '25.
Operator: Next question will come from Matt Phipps of William Blair.
Matthew Phipps: Following up on the MRD primary endpoint for the Abertimide trial, is there a time course that the FDA wants as far as how much durability on that MRD? And why not add MRD endpoints to the teziimide trials? It does look like you already have MRD on the ArlosQuintEssential II and then similarly, in multi myeloma, is there a point at which Abema what is kind of the profitability breakpoint for Abema -- and the success of Arlo cell really kind of gate the need for a beckoning.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Matt. Samit then Adam.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Matt, for the question. So for multiple myeloma, look, MRD endpoint is something that is new from the perspective of using as a registration trial endpoint. And that's why we have to continue to follow the patients and provide the durability in terms of not only an MRD, but also overall response rates, CR rate that we will see and these will be the points of discussion with the FDA as we get into those time points once the magnitude is known for this endpoint as well as the events occur in the Iberdomide trial. In terms of how we are thinking about use of this particular endpoint for other trials. We are continuing to evaluate the potential to leverage an earlier MRD endpoint readout to accelerate the development of our multiple myeloma assets across the board, but it will all depend on the timing, the population as well as how the event accrual is occurring. Successor studies target a little bit more of a difficult-to-treat patient population. So we'll see how the event occurrence happens and that may become as 1 of the studies that we may consider an endpoint as well in the future, but not at this time.
Adam Lenkowsky: As it relates to Abema, we know multiple myeloma is going to remain a very crowded and competitive space, and there are multiple treatment options available. We remain committed to Abema, but we're going to see continued depending intensity and competitive pressures. So our focus is making sure that we're optimizing the value of bema and we're going to remain competitive in the space. As you heard earlier from Chris and David, we're very excited also about GPRC5D which we believe is going to play a critically important role in the treatment of post-BCMA CAR T with a single infusion and an improved safety profile.
Operator: Next question will come from Steven Scale of TD Cowen.
Steve Scala: I have 2 questions. First, Bristol's second-generation TYK2 completed Phase I in psoriasis in August of 2024, but hasn't progressed. So curious what the profile of this agent is, what are plans and is IBD within those plans? And secondly, Milvexian Phase III readouts in stroke and ACS are expected in 2026, but later in the year. Curious if events are tracking for that 2026 readout and is there any possibility at all for a 2025 readout for either trial?
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Steve. Samit.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Steve, for both the questions. So first of all, for the backup Tik2, we completed those studies. We have the data -- but as you know, we are continuing to progress our overall plans for Sotika this time. And as we spoke earlier, we have to decide within our pipeline where we are going to really focus and prioritize -- and at the current time, our focus is truly squarely on Sotto and maximizing that opportunity from a development and commercial perspective. So at this time, that ticket is not in the development as you already have stated. From the SSP and ACS readout, events are tracking as well as the enrollment is going really well. We do not expect that readout in 2025. We expect that readout as we have stated at the back end of 2026.
Operator: The question will come from Kripa Devarakonda of Truist Securities.
Unknown Analyst: I have a canvas question. Congrats on getting the label update in EU. I was wondering with the label change in EU and potentially a change in the U.S. as well. How do you see the peak opportunity now? And with ODYSSEY data upcoming this year, can you help set expectations for the readout? And then if I can week 1 in Senan for Kobani. One of the tails we recently spoke to said that there was an issue with drug availability at average pharmacies is what he said. I was wondering if this is just a one-off or just does it just take time to ramp up availability?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. So I can certainly take those thank you. So as it relates to the label for CAMZyOS. As I said, we expect to have a PDUFA date in April of this year. And our goal is to continue to ease the burden of the echo requirements for both patients and physicians, and it's going to open up additional capacity at the COEs. What we are seeing for Caxias, which is and steady growth. We have a very large revenue base that's building, and we continue to expect growth from the expansion of prescribers and high persistency. Patients are staying on treatment for a very long time because they're feeling better. And so that's going to help with the duration of therapy, and we're focused on continuing to add new patients each and every week. As it relates to the ODYSSEY readout, maybe Samit, if you want to talk a little bit about it, but just as I mentioned, we're looking forward to seeing top line data in Q2. This is going to add a positive around 1/3 of patients in HCM and have an opportunity to build upon the success of CMIOs with a strong first-mover advantage across both indications, and we're certainly looking forward to that data readout. And so I'll turn it to Samit to talk a little bit more about MCM and then I'll quickly answer your Coben question in the form.
Samit Hirawat: Yes, I'll address the Odyssey question very quickly. The paper from a methodology perspective as well as the baseline characteristics of the patients who are just published in JACC heart failure. So you can certainly pick it up from there. And the primary endpoints of KCCQ and PVO2 are well described as well as what the statistical methodology is. So, of course, we are looking forward to the readout and it's just -- I think in the next quarter, we'll be able to see the results, and then we'll share that with you. .
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Just really quickly on that. We're not hearing that. Our teams are out both with positions, but they're also at the pharmacies as well. So I do think that is potentially a one-off. And we want to make sure that the Covent is available broadly across the U.S., so patients can get access to this really important product.
Operator: Next question will come from Olivia Brayer of Cantor Fitzgerald.
Olivia Brayer: What data did you submit to the FDA for the less restrictive camsiosrans? Did that include anything additional versus what was submitted to -- and are you asking the agency for the same 2 updates that were proposed in the December agenda? I think those are around monitoring frequency and the use of LVOT gradient -- and then, Adam, I just wanted to clarify 1 point you made earlier. You said the European label was updated to reduce frequency. I think you said from every 12 weeks to once every 6 months. I just wanted to clarify that I heard that correctly.
Samit Hirawat: Maybe I can start off. Thanks for the question, Olivia. We will not be able to give you the specifics at this time in terms of the asks of the FDA. Certainly, there are several of them, and then we'll see which ones we are able to have a conversation and get from a relief for the patient perspective. And in terms of the data that were submitted, they come from both clinical trials as well as from the real-world evidence. So overall data package was very strong, and we continue to have the dialogue with the regulatory agencies.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. And Olivia, just to clarify, again, the label in Europe was updated to reduce the frequency of echo monitoring for patients taking Censis post week 12. So after week 12, as pace move into the maintenance phase instead of once a quarter, they're able to now have echos once every 6 months.
Operator: Next question will come from James Shin of Deutsche Bank.
James Shin: I just wanted to follow up on the Rise question. What are BMY's expectations for the PANscore benefit? And then -- any color on how ADP 2 will be disclosed? Will the MPIC be top line in the PR? And will this be followed by a full data set at a Medical Congress Tom?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you for the questions. Let me start with the second 1 for Adapt. As has been recently done and previously done, at the top line, if we it reads out, we will be putting out a press release. But generally, we do not disclose the data. Those will be presented at medical conference appropriately and for RISE again, the magnitude that we are going to be looking for is going to be the difference between the 2 arms rather there and as well as we look -- the difference that we observed from baseline to the time of readout. So both of those endpoints are going to be important, apart from the, of course, the secondary end points. Right now, we are not commenting on the overall magnitude. But here, even small differences in terms of the points would be very, very important and clinically meaningful, as you know, in the neuropsychiatric space. .
Operator: Our next question will come from Sean McCutcheon of Raymond James.
Sean McCutcheon: Can you speak to the expectations for the cadence of data for the targeted radiotherapeutic portfolio and prioritization of further investment in BD and internal development. following that investment in the infrastructure in that segment..
Samit Hirawat: Yes. From the raise portfolio perspective, of course, the Phase III is already ongoing in Gap NET. And this is in the patient population. -- that is already you see prior Lutathera. So it's -- and certainly, the Phase I data was very strong, and we'll continue to look for not only the response rate, but of course, progression-free survival is going to be important to continue to observe in this one as we look to the readout in 2026. As you know that we are also exploring the activity of this drug in patients with small cell lung cancer in a Phase I study, and we recently started the breast cancer program as well. And from the portfolio perspective, we have -- we're looking forward to initiation of our Phase I program for GPC3 as a new target. And then, of course, there's a pipeline behind it in the research space as well.
Christopher Boerner: And the only thing I would add is that we continue to be looking for opportunities to enhance the acquisition of raise, we believe in this platform. And if it's appropriate and it makes sense for us, both financially and scientifically, we would consider business development as well.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thanks, Chris. Operator, we'll take our last question, and then we'll turn it to Chris for some closing remarks. .
Operator: Next question will come from Alexandra Hammond of Wolfe Research.
Unknown Analyst: Bristol's long-term growth potential. So the team has mentioned an under appreciation to the pipeline. Can you imply the key assets you expect to drive revenue looking at the back end of the decade, maybe your favorite child or 2?
Christopher Boerner: Well, listen, I'll take that one. We feel great about the pipeline. We have a number of really exciting assets that are coming -- we've spoken at length, obviously, about Cobin. Clearly, we also are very excited about our CELMoD programs. We have multiple CELMoDs that we've spoken about today, Ibara messy, but we haven't spoken about gocotomide. -- that's a potentially very meaningful product in in lymphoma. Melexionis important. So it's very difficult to pick a favorite child here whenever there's such a wealth of opportunity in the late-stage pipeline. And we haven't even talked about the next wave of assets, which include some really exciting opportunities, including products like CD19, XT, ARLDD in prostate cancer as well as others. And by the way, I forgot to mention in the first wave of assets, LPA1, which is also a very fighting opportunity. So a plethora of potential catalysts that will be playing out over the next 24 months, and we look forward to seeing them then play out and going from there. So I think with that, we'll close today's call. I appreciate everyone staying on. I know we went a bit long, but hopefully, we're able to get to virtually all of the questions. Let's take a step back and maybe summarize where we are. Our priorities as a company, hopefully, you've seen on this call are clear, we're focused on continuing to deliver very strong commercial execution and to deliver on the upcoming pipeline catalysts, some of which we just discussed. We're going to continue to have the ability to enhance value creation through business development and all the while maintaining strong financial flexibility. As I look at 2024, we made very good progress. and I want to recognize our colleagues for all the hard work that they had last year. We continue to take decisive action to further rightsize our cost structure and invest in future growth. We believe  these are important next steps in continuing to execute on the multiyear journey that we're on. And of course, we remain committed to our overarching goal, which is to reshape BMS to deliver top-tier growth by the end of the decade and most importantly, generate attractive returns for shareholders. So thanks again for tuning in today. And as always, the team is available for follow-ups. And have a good rest of the week.
Operator: Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chuck Triano, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I'm happy to be here at Bristol-Myers Squibb, and we appreciate you joining our third quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Chris Boerner, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Adam Lenkowsky, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. Earlier this morning, we posted our quarterly slide presentation to bms.com that you can use to follow along with Chris and David's remarks. Before we get started, I'll remind everybody that during this call we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date and we specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. And with that, I'll hand it over to Chris.
Chris Boerner : Thank you, Chuck, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Starting on Slide 4. Our third quarter results reflect our continued focus on near-term execution and building the foundation for long-term sustainable growth. During the quarter, we saw solid demand for key products across our growth and legacy portfolios. We remained disciplined in managing expenses, and we continue to advance important pipeline programs. Let me highlight a few achievements in the quarter. Growth portfolio revenues increased 20% in Q3 at constant currency and now account for approximately half of total revenues. These are primarily young assets that have exclusivity well into the next decade. Our legacy portfolio also performed well, generating cash flow that allows us to strategically invest in growth opportunities. During the quarter, we achieved several clinical and regulatory milestones. Notably, we reestablished our presence in neuroscience with the approval of Cobenfy, which I'll speak to in a moment. We also strengthened our leading oncology portfolio. And earlier this month, we received FDA approval for an Opdivo-based perioperative treatment regimen in non-small cell lung cancer. Additionally, we continue to advance our innovative pipeline. In oncology, we presented data at ESMO, highlighting 8 new registrational opportunities. We shared positive clinical data for our nivolumab plus relatlimab high-dose combination in first-line lung cancer, which is now advancing to Phase 3. And we talked about the progress we're making across other promising assets and modalities, including our bispecific ADC and our radiopharmaceutical pipeline. This past week, at ENA, we also presented promising Phase 1 data for our PRMT5 program across all the tumors. Turning to Slide 5. The acquisition of Karuna Therapeutics is a key example of how we are strengthening our long-term growth outlook. We're proud to highlight the recent FDA approval of Cobenfy, formerly known as KarXT with a strong label that reflects its efficacy and safety profile. This milestone marks significant progress in delivering value from the Karuna acquisition for patients. Cobenfy is the first truly novel mechanism approved for adults with schizophrenia in decades, and it addresses 1 of the most significant unmet needs in mental health. There are approximately 1.6 million people being for schizophrenia in the U.S. alone, many of whom have endured debilitating side effects from older treatments. Cobenfy delivers compelling efficacy without the notable side effects associated with atypicals. The BMS team has been laying the groundwork for a successful launch. We built an experienced sales and medical team engaged with payers to secure access and develop sophisticated patient support services. We have ongoing clinical programs in adjunctive schizophrenia with Phase 3 data expected in 2025. And we have expanded the ongoing ADEPT program in Alzheimer's disease psychosis with Phase 3 data expected in 2026. We remain on track to start registrational trials next year in Alzheimer's agitation, Alzheimer's cognition, bipolar disorder and autism spectrum disorder. Adam and Samit can speak more to our launch progress in schizophrenia and other potential indications, we are actively assessing for Cobenfy in Q&A. Turning to Slide 6. I'll spend a moment updating you on our progress against our key strategic priorities. First, we're focused on transformational medicines where we have a competitive advantage. We are advancing our mission to serve patients with first or best-in-class treatments across our therapeutic areas. This includes driving leadership in hematology, cardiology and oncology therapeutic areas with products like Reblozyl, Breyanzi, Camzyos and Opdualag. At the same time, we're strengthening our innovative pipeline by prioritizing key programs. 1 asset that continues to advance well as Milvexian. We continue to see considerable unmet need across indications, in particular, AF as well as a large commercial opportunity. Today, we want to share an encouraging update related to our atrial fibrillation Phase 3 trial, which continues to recruit very well. As you'll soon see on clinicaltrials.gov we and our partner, J&J, have approved an increase in patient enrollment side. This is because at this time, based on review of event rates, we are seeing a lower rate of strokes and systemic embolism than originally anticipated, and the increased enrollment supports maintaining the planned data readout in 2027. As a reminder, as described in our published study design paper, we indicated that the sample size may be adjusted based on review of event rates. We remain confident in the design and progress of the program. Beyond Milvexian, we continue to advance other programs where we have a right to win. This includes our CD19 NEX-T cell therapy, our radiopharmaceutical and protein degradation platforms as well as additional indications for Cobenfy. Our second priority is driving operational excellence. We are reviewing overall spending and prioritizing investments that will deliver the best long-term returns. We remain on track to deliver $1.5 billion in savings by the end of 2025. And -- these savings will be reinvested into high ROI opportunities that serve patients' needs and accelerate growth. We are becoming a more agile company with stronger commercial and pipeline execution. Our progress on this front was demonstrated by the performance of our growth portfolio in Q3, the approval of Cobenfy and acceleration of key programs. We see the drive for greater operational excellence as a continuous process. As such, -- we're exploring opportunities to further improve productivity and efficiency over the coming quarters. Our third priority is to strategically allocate capital for long-term growth and returns. We remain focused on our near-term goal of delevering our balance sheet. We made further progress during Q3 and are on track to pay down our target of $10 billion of debt by the first half of 2026. We're committed to the dividend, and we will continue to invest strategically in growth through our own pipeline as well as sourcing innovation externally. Now turning to upcoming milestones on Slide 7. At the American College of Rheumatology's Annual Meeting in November, we will present promising Phase 1 data for our CD19 NEX-T cell therapy. This is a next-generation immunology asset, leveraging the Breyanzi construct. We are optimistic about its potential to deliver benefits for patients across multiple immunology indications by resetting the immune system. In late December, we expect the FDA's decision on the subcutaneous formulation of nivolumab. We anticipate this launch in early 2025 will provide an important benefit for both patients and physicians while extending our leadership in immuno-oncology into the next decade. We're also on track to share top-line Phase 3 data from Sotyktu in psoriatic arthritis by year-end. This data should help strengthen the competitive profile for Sotyktu as roughly 1/3 of psoriasis patients also have psoriatic arthritis. Turning to our outlook on Slide 8. Given the strength of our results year-to-date, we are raising both our full year revenue target and our full year EPS guidance. David will discuss these updates in more detail shortly. Looking ahead, I'm confident in our ability to deliver long-term value for patients and our shareholders. To summarize on Slide 9, I'm pleased with our achievements in critical areas. Our overall business mix is beginning to transform as our growth portfolio is becoming a bigger component. The U.S. approval of Cobenfy adds another asset with multibillion-dollar potential to serve more patients and accelerate growth. Our pipeline continues to advance with additional near-term catalysts and we are maintaining a disciplined focus on expense management, driving initiatives across the company to lower cost. These actions underscore our focus on executing in the near term while laying the groundwork for long-term sustainable growth. We look forward to keeping you updated as we build momentum with important milestones in 2025 and significant data flow in 2026. Before I close, I want to thank our employees for their dedication and performance in the quarter. Together, we are building a strong future for BMS and the patients we serve. Now I'll turn it over to David.
David Elkins: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to share our quarterly financial performance. As a reminder, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are made from the same period in 2023 and sales growth rates will be discussed on an underlying basis which excludes the impact of foreign exchange, all references to our P&L on a non-GAAP basis. Let's start on Slide 10 with some highlights from our third quarter sales. We demonstrated solid commercial performance in the third quarter with higher sales driven primarily by our growth brands. The growth portfolio delivered another quarter of double-digit growth, up 20% with continued progress across key brands, including Reblozyl, Breyanzi, and Our legacy portfolio also performed well with U.S. growth led by Eliquis, partially offset by lower sales of Sprycel. As a reminder, the LOE for Sprycel in the U.S. recently occurred on September 1, and the LOE for Pomalyst in Europe happened back in August. Our continued focus on commercial execution enabled us to deliver nearly half of our sales in the third quarter from the growth portfolio. And with the recent U.S. approval and launch of Cobenfy, our sales mix will continue to diversify and provide a stronger foundation for growth. Importantly, we will continue to optimize the strong cash flow generated from the legacy portfolio to invest in growth opportunities. Before going into key brand performance, it's important to note that third quarter sales were impacted by the reversal of an approximate $150 million inventory build from the second quarter. This tempered growth across several brands, primarily Opdivo, and as well as Opdualag, Camzyos and some immunology products. Let's start with our oncology business on Slide 11. Global sales of Opdivo were higher in the third quarter, reflecting solid demand growth outside the U.S. Looking ahead, we continue to expect global full year sales growth to be in the mid-single-digit range. We remain focused on the anticipated approval and launch of the subcutaneous formulation of nivolumab which, as Chris mentioned, is expected to receive FDA approval by year-end. With this anticipated approval, we will have the potential to extend the durability of our immuno-oncology portfolio into the next decade. Moving to Opdualag, we delivered strong double-digit growth in the third quarter, driven primarily by demand. Three years post launch, Opdualag has become a standard of care in first-line melanoma in the U.S. with 30% market share. Outside the U.S., third quarter sales benefited from the strong uptake in newly launched markets such as the U.K., Brazil and Australia. Moving to our cardiovascular portfolio on Slide 12. Eliquis is the leading anticoagulant worldwide and delivered double-digit sales growth in the third quarter. U.S. sales benefited from the higher demand and market share gains. Sequentially, as we've seen historically, U.S. sales included an unfavorable gross to net impact related to the Medicare coverage gap. Outside the U.S., sequential sales of Eliquis reflected higher demand across key markets and favorable inventory compared to the prior quarter. Turning to Camzyos. Third quarter sales more than doubled, driven by strong U.S. demand for new patient starts and an increasing number of patients on commercial drug. During the third quarter, we saw steady patient adoption with nearly 20% growth in patients on commercial drug, more than doubling the number from a year ago. Outside the U.S., sequential sales growth reflected higher demand in newly launched markets in Europe. Now let's turn to hematology on Slide 13. Sales of Reblozyl grew 81% in the third quarter, with strong double-digit growth, both in the U.S. and international markets. The U.S. sales were driven by continued demand in first-line setting, outside the U.S., recent first-line reimbursement in Europe and Japan contributed to the strong performance in the quarter. In cell therapy, sales of Breyanzi more than doubled versus prior year, driven by demand in new indications and improved manufacturing capacity and reliability. In the U.S., sales grew more 40% on a sequential basis driven primarily by pent-up demand in 2 of our newly approved indications, follicular lymphoma and mantle cell lymphoma. We expect more modest sequential growth from third quarter to fourth quarter as demand normalizes. Also in cell therapy, despite a competitive market, bema performed well in the third quarter with solid demand growth in both the U.S. and international markets. Now moving to immunology on Slide 14. Sales Sotyktu nearly doubled when compared to the impact of the $30 million clinical trial purchase in the third quarter of last year. Outside the U.S., sales grew year-over-year, benefiting from the launch in a number of international markets. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect a step-up in gross to net discounts resulting from increased rebating associated with our approved access position. This would result in the fourth quarter sales being similar to this quarter. As we said previously, we expect that over time, demand growth will offset these pressures. Now turning to the P&L on Slide 15. In addition to solid commercial execution, our third quarter performance demonstrated our focus on financial discipline and steady progress against our $1.5 billion cost savings program. As a reminder, we initiated this program to offset incremental OpEx from the recent deals. Savings from across the organization include reductions in direct clinical trial expense, site rationalization, elimination of roles and a reduction in headcount. As we said previously, we expect the majority of the savings to come through this year. As we realize these savings, we are strategically reinvesting in high potential opportunities to fuel long-term growth and innovation in key areas. Moving to gross margin. We saw a decline in the quarter of about 130 basis points, driven primarily by product mix. Operating expenses, excluding in-process R&D were impacted by higher deal-related spend, partially offset by savings from our efficiency initiatives. Our effective tax rate in the quarter changed from 11.6% in the prior year to 18.5%, impacted by onetime adjustment in 2023 resulting from newly issued IRS guidance. Overall, third quarter earnings per share were $1.80. Now moving to the balance sheet and capital allocation highlights. We ended the quarter with approximately $8.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities on hand. During the third quarter, both our growth and legacy portfolios delivered solid revenue growth, contributing to robust operating cash flow of approximately $5.6 billion. In terms of capital allocation, we remain focused on strengthening our balance sheet. We are executing our plan to pay down approximately $10 billion of debt. And relative to our position at the end of the first quarter, we have reduced it by $5.9 billion. This includes roughly $3 billion of commercial paper and 2.9% of long-term debt. As we previously have said, we remain committed to our dividend. Our strong cash flow profile enables us to address these priorities while also strengthening our outlook. Turning to 2024 non-GAAP guidance. As is our practice, we provide revenue guidance on a reported basis as well as on an underlying basis, which assumes currency remains consistent with prior year. We now expect full year 2024 revenue to increase approximately 5% as reported and approximately 6% at constant currency, primarily due to higher-than-anticipated sales of Revlimid. We are pleased with the performance of both growth and legacy portfolios. And in legacy, we have updated our full year sales estimate of Revlimid to approximately $5.5 billion. As a reminder, for modeling purposes, in addition to Revlimid, other legacy brands should soften in the fourth quarter due to competition from generics for Sprycel and Abraxane in the U.S. and Pomalyst Europe. Turning to gross margin. We now expect a slightly tighter range to reflect the impact of our U.S. sales mix. Excluding acquired impresses R&D, we now expect total operating expenses for the year to increase approximately 4% to 5%. This increase reflects higher fourth quarter spending to support our product portfolio and pipeline and is in line with fourth quarter increases seen in previous years. These costs are partially offset by savings from our productivity initiatives. We remain confident in our ability to achieve our full year operating margin target of at least 37%. For OI&E, we have increased our estimate from approximately $50 million of expense to approximately $125 million of income due to better-than-expected royalty and interest income. As a reminder, our tax rate was impacted by the nondeductible charge for acquired in process R&D, primarily from the Karuna acquisition in the first quarter. Excluding the acquired in-process R&D, we continue to expect estimated underlying non-GAAP tax rate for the full year to be approximately 18%. Taking these updates into effect, we are raising our non-GAAP EPS guidance to a range of $0.75 to $0.95. In closing, our third quarter results were marked by significantly higher sales across key growth brands. Robust cash flow generation and continued financial discipline. As we reestablish our presence in neuroscience with the U.S. launch of we are excited about the long-term opportunity of this brand and its potential to serve more patients. We're looking forward to additional near-term catalysts as our pipeline continues to advance. Our solid performance year-to-date supports our raised full year guidance and our increased confidence in our ability to drive long-term sustainable growth. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Chuck for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman: Congrats on the progress this quarter. So 1 for Adam, now that you have approved. Can you walk us through what the next year looks like when it comes to access? I know there's a lot of puts and takes when it comes to Medicaid and commercial. But maybe give us some color as to how we should think about it?
Chris Boerner: Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Thanks, Evan, for the question. We're very excited about the approval of Cobenfy. As you heard from Chris, is the first innovative therapy approved in schizophrenia in decades. And we're very pleased with the label does not carry the atypical antipsychotic class warnings and precautions or a box warning. And so how we think about this addresses a large market. Remember, there are 1.6 million people treated for schizophrenia each year in the U.S. We do see this as a 2025 launch with the launch picking up after attaining broad access. We expect to see sales ramp in the second half of the year, and I'll describe those dynamics. First and foremost, we're really excited that product is available this week. Our field teams are out now selling. They're engaging with customers. And so we'll see stocking this year. Now access is a gating factor to sales uptake as over 80% of patients are either Medicare or Medicaid. And just remember, schizophrenia is a fundamentally different market than markets that are highly PBM driven. So we expect to take about a year to achieve 80% to 85% access. It could move a bit faster in Medicaid and we're certainly going to work to accelerate that. So the way to think about is really in a step-wise fashion. In Medicaid, recall roughly half of the states have 0 to 1 step access. And so deep Medicaid P&T meetings will take place over the course of the next several months. We've already seen a few states come online this week. Physicians can prescribe once P&T reviews are completed and we are working to expand access across the remaining states. Now in Medicare, recall, this is a protected class. So payers have 90 days to make a coverage decision, and we expect to see mandatory coverage determinations in Q1, but in the meantime, physicians can push through medical exemptions before any of these formulary reviews take place. Our asset teams have been meeting with payers for some time, and our team without immediately post approval with payers to review the approved label and the response has been very, very positive. So again, we know the work that we need to do to maximize this important launch, and we plan to make this a very big product for our company over time.
Operator: Next question will come from Chris Shibutani with Goldman Sachs.
Chris Shibutani: Certainly, you've been doing a lot to focus the operating expense profile here. And at the same time, you're seeing improving top line -- where are you in that trajectory in terms of what we should expect 2025? Any early commentary on the shape of 2025 top line dynamics as a function of operating expense would be helpful.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Chris. I'll ask David to take that one.
David Elkins: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. And look, we feel really good about the progress we're making on our $1.5 billion savings initiatives that we had in place. And you recall -- we're on track to achieve the majority of that this year. We also feel really good about the operating margin guidance that we provided of at least 37% both this year and for next year as well. So we're continuing to look for efficiencies in our cost base, and you'll continue to hear more about that. But as it relates to '25, we're going to give you full line guidance like we typically do on our fourth quarter earnings call.
Operator: Your next question will come from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Chris Schott: Just maybe a 2-parter on Just thank you for all the details on the reimbursement piece. Once reimbursement is in place, can you just talk about how you're thinking about the ramp of the drug from there? I guess, historically, I think we've seen more gradual launches in schizophrenia, but these are largely assets with similar mechanisms to existing products. I'm just wondering in this case, are you anticipating this could be a faster ramp than we've historically seen given the unmet need and your unique mechanism of action? And then just my second part on the same product is just when you think about the additional line extensions here, what's your confidence in the bipolar 1 opportunity? It's obviously a very large market and live data you've seen in schizophrenia, do you view that as a high probability of success study as you start to ramp that one?
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Chris. Adam will take the first part, and then Samit can chime in as well.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. First thing I'd say is there's really no perfect analog here because unlike previous launches, where you've seen multiple success of approvals, for example, schizophrenia that MDD. That's not going to be the case with approval cadence is going to be in schizophrenia, first in monotherapy than adjunctive therapy. As I said, in terms of the -- as we see the launch an access coming online, really, this is going to be a second half ramp. That's how we see it. So physicians can prescribe today push through medical exemptions before formulary reviews, but we expect to see really full access 80 to 85 access within roughly 12 months post approval.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. And thanks for the question, Chris. If you think about bipolar, so if you think about mania in general, bipolar one, that includes symptoms that are excessive activity as well as the psychotic symptoms of delusion, hallucinations and thought disorders. Then xanomeline and especially as we think about has demonstrated reduction of these agitation symptoms in Alzheimer's disease as well as in schizophrenia, Alzheimer's data, of course, came from the 1997 study that was published for in the past. So these are all predictive of efficacy potential in bipolar mania. There is no evidence thus far in the studies that have been conducted in the emergent program that shows a worsening of the depressive symptoms. So taken together, we are looking forward to initiation of that program in bipolar mania in the middle of 2025. Just too also add to on top of that beyond bipolar in 2025, we are looking forward to the readout of the ARISE trial, which is the schizophrenia trial. And of course, 2 additional indications that we will be initiating in 2025 will be AD agitation as well as recognition.
Operator: Next question will come from Luisa Hector with Berenberg.
Luisa Hector: On Sotyktu, you mentioned the price impact in Q4, but could you add a little more color on the outlook for next year and the access and pricing as we roll into next year? And then perhaps just a reminder of the profile that you're looking for in the Psoriatic Arthritis Trial.
Chris Boerner: Adam can take the first 1 and then, Samit.
Adam Lenkowsky: Thanks, Louisa. As we said in the past, the Sotyktu performance has been slower than we'd like, and we are making progress on executing against our plan. And that's securing favorable access and ultimately improving performance and execution. Recall, we had 25% access in the first half of the year. We more than doubled that in Q3. We now have approximately 50% zero step edits in the market. And I could say we are having productive conversations with the remaining payers and expect to enable broader access and adoption in 2021. But this comes with significant rebating and gross net impact that will be compensated by increased volume over time. It's going to take a few quarters for that to wash out. In fact, in Q3, you saw some of this. We saw some of the pull-through delivered both versus prior year and sequentially when you exclude clinical trials. So this is a market that is going to remain highly competitive, and we're going to continue to work to increase more market share as well as paid prescriptions. But as we exit this year, we will be in a better position versus where we started the year, and we're going to work to be more competitive.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks for the question, Louisa, for the arthritis part. Remember, we have been able to pull and accelerate the readout of the second study as well. So we are looking forward to the readout towards the end of this year for both POETYK-PsA-1 and POETYK-PsA-1 within 2024. Overall, as you can imagine, since a lot of data has now been generated from a safety and efficacy perspective for Sotyktu in psoriasis the readout of the program will put us in the right footing as we think about the competitor profile versus Otezla as well. So looking forward to that, we have no concerns from a safety perspective as we've said, so hopefully, the studies read out positive that will lead to a filing in 2025.
Operator: The next question will come from Geoff Meacham with Citibank.
Geoff Meacham: For Chris or Samit on the Milvexian program, I know you guys did talk about the use of -- the potential to upsize the trial previously. But -- what would you say is the cause for the lower event rate? Does this change the risk profile? We know that GLP-1s have an impact, for example, in cardiometabolic trials, you think changes there commercially could have changed the event rate in your study?
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Geoff. I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Samit. Let me just say at the outset, Geoff, that we're encouraged by what we're seeing with this program. Just a reminder, we're developing Milvexian because there remains high unmet need for patients in anti-coagulation. That's particularly true in atrial fibrillation, where as I think you know, this is an area where 40 million individuals worldwide have atrial fibrillation. And that despite the success of Factor Xa like Eliquis, about 40% of those patients remain on or undertreated due to the risk of bleeding. And we believe Milvexian has the potential to improve the outcome for these patients. The update that we provided today is really intended to give some context to the decision to increase the sample size given the encouraging blended event rates that we're seeing at this point in the study. This is a potentially important medicine. We want to do everything we can to ensure that the program continues to read out in 2027. But before I turn it over to Samit. I want to leave you with, we're encouraged by what we're seeing here, and we look forward to seeing this study come to its outcome in 2027. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thanks, Chris. And Geoff, just extending from where Chris left off from an encouraging point of view, remember where we started the program from. What we have seen from trial in AF, it was very clear that one of the key drivers of the outcome was the dose. . We started the Milvexian program with well-designed Phase 2 studies that led us to pick the right doses for our Phase 3 programs in AF as well as in combination with agents in ACS as well as SSP. Secondly, our event rate is lower compared to what we had designed the study for at the current time. And that gives us the reason to increase the sample size, which you will see the numbers when we update centrals.gov. Thirdly, as we think about why the study was started, the genic study was stopped because the DMC reviewed the data and saw almost more than -- almost 3x the event rate on the investigation arm in that study. Our study is periodically reviewed by the DMC. There are no indications from the DMC that we should go any other route and they are supportive of continuing the study at this time. We truly are encouraged by all of this. And as you know, ACS as well as the SSP programs are slated to read out in 2026, and we are on track for that.
Operator: Next question will come from Carter Gould with Barclays.
Carter Gould: Maybe I don't mean to hammer on it again, but just wanted to follow-up on the prior question for Samit there. With the increased patient enrollment, will there be any shift in the criteria or enrichment of patients away from the -- of our proximal segments. I mean, I appreciate your commentary on what happened to your competitor but at the same conversation at ESC, there was talk about the challenges in those populations given especially what seems to be going on here at the event rate. Any color would be appreciated.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you, Carter. There are no plans to change any of these criteria. We will continue to observe them and the study will continue as is, except for the change in the sample size.
Operator: Next question will come from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo.
Unidentified Analyst : This is Serena on for Mohit. We wanted to dig more into the KarXT development plans as it relates to cognition. Perhaps starting with the AD psychosis trial, I was wondering if it will still have the 3x in one day dosing and longer titration period. And then moving on to the cognition trial. Was wondering what this could look like, like would it need to be longer than the emergent studies? And do you plan to enrich for patients cognitively impaired at baseline.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you, Serena, for the question. So we're looking forward to, obviously, the initiation of 3 Phase 3 programs next year, 1 in AD agitation, second in bipolar mania. Third in the AD cognition program. The reason for belief of course, is the dual mechanism of action in terms of M1 and M4 direct agonism that is obviously associated with xanomeline as well as the available data from the old studies that were conducted with xanomeline that already showed the right trend in terms of the cognition improvement in those studies. Your question around the 3x a day dosing right now that is built into the AD psychosis program. We are working on the BID dosing for these patients, and there will be instituted in the new study that we will start in the 3 indications that I talked about as well as we are thinking about how we will institute a bridging program so that we can bring it back into the AD psychosis program as well. Overall, in a good track and certainly looking forward now to the readout of the ARISE study next year.
Operator: Next question will come from Trung Huynh with UBS.
Trung Huynh : Just one on the recent PMRT5 data. We saw an ORR of 21% across the -- a bunch of solid tumors. Can you perhaps talk about efficacy as regard to durability that you're seeing here with the product? And what tumor types are you going to be prioritizing?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you for the question. Really, actually, very encouraging data from our perspective. We look at it from a breakdown in terms of the tumor types that were enrolled and the 2 that stood out from that program thus far. Our non-small cell lung cancer, where you -- if you look at just the non-small cell lung cancer cohort, the overall response rate is about 31% with a very good durability. The 1 thing to note in that program is that responses do occur late -- so it's more of a long-term duration of control of these patients on the drug and most patients actually have disease control for a very long period. As you saw, the duration of response is already 10.5 months. Then if you take about -- talk about the stable diseases as well, that also constitutes about the similar trajectory from our non-small cell lung cancer population. The second thing that was very encouraging was looking at the pancreatic cancer patient population and at the right doses at the 400 and 600-milligram dose, we saw actually increased response rates, again, a very good durability. Some patients now going all the way almost up to a year. And so those 2 indications look very promising, and we are looking forward to giving you update on next year in terms of the later phase development for this program.
Operator: Next question will come from Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve Scala: I have 2 points and there are really -- 2 questions. They're just really clarifications but 1 percentage point of Bristol revenue growth is about $500 million. And that's the amount that Bristol is increasing its guidance that's roughly equivalent to what Revlimid. So is the increase solely attributed to Revlimid? And then secondly, and I apologize for going back to asundexian -- but the AFib trial had a lower-than-expected event rate and failed. Why is a lower-than-expected event rate in the Milvexian trial encouraging? It as easily could be a risk, I would think. I understand the DSMB point. So any clarity would be appreciated.
Chris Boerner: Thanks for the question, Steve. I'll ask David to start and then we'll flip over to Samit.
David Elkins: Yes, Steve, thanks for the question. And look, we saw a strong performance in our growth portfolio as we talked about. And that's why we also saw good performance and raised the Revlimid guidance to $5.5 billion, and that caused us to raise the full year outlook 5% growth versus prior year on a reported 6% excluding currency. The other thing I would note, too, is as I said on the call, we have generic entry coming in on Sprycel Abraxane and Pomalyst. The already facing generic as is Pomalyst. So we just want to make sure that people update their models for the additional generic erosion in the fourth quarter. But net-net, when we put all that together, as we said, we raised our revenue guidance as a result.
Samit Hirawat: And Steve, thank you. This is Samit. Great question. Just to recall, if you go back to [indiscernible] study and we look at the event rate for asundexian then we look at the rate for apixaban. Apixaban was 1.03. Asundexian was 2.33, if I remember, and even more so. And then if you think about what we have planned in the Milvexian study is 1.33. So overall, if you think about it, we are looking at a blended event rate as Chris mentioned, which is much lower than the planned event rate. So overall, we are encouraged by this and not necessarily thinking that it's an issue. As I said earlier, DMC continues to look at it, and they are okay with us continuing this study, and we are increasing the sample size.
Operator: Next question will come from Courtney Breen with Bernstein.
Courtney Breen: Another question just on the Covent launch. What I wanted to make sure we were able to understand is because some of the practicalities around kind of a patient receiving a script and kind of the doctor choosing that patient to prescribe to. Can you share some of the context on the warnings and precautions in the label, particularly around liver and how many patients you practically expect to be managed through these challenges? I do note that obviously, there isn't the box label warning, but there are some warnings that require extra physician attention. And so can you just speak to some of those challenges?
Adam Lenkowsky: Courtney, thanks for the question. Just as you know, Cobenfy offers efficacy that at least as good or better than Zyprexa, without the significant adverse events that have plagued D2s. We keen dyslipidemia, EPS sedation, those are the ones where they lead to the greatest level of discontinuation and why you see patients stop treatment and physicians re-challenge with another agent. We're very pleased with the label, and we're just at the beginning, but the progress and the feedback that we're hearing have been very, very positive. When you look at some of the monitoring that's in the label, remember, the large majority of patients have had recent lab assessments. So we don't anticipate this to be a barrier. In the label, this is recommended. It's not a mandated and lab assessments are very common in this patient population. Most antipsychotics today recommend lab assessments. So we don't see it's an issue for adoption. And when you look at renal impairment in patients with schizophrenia, in the mid-single digits. So taken together, we are very pleased with the efficacy profile that is unique to Cobenfy, based on its mechanism of action and its best-in-category safety profile.
Samit Hirawat: And just to add to what Adam is saying. You will also see the data on longer-term studies, EMERGENT-4 and EMERGENT-5, hundreds of patients who have been treated through those as well. And the safety profile continues to remain the same, but certainly efficacy maintained. So that, in addition, gives us a lot of confidence in the overall profile for Cobenfy as Adam said.
Operator: Next question will come from Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim Securities.
Seamus Fernandez: Wanted to just get a sense for your enthusiasm for the upcoming data at ACR for your CD19 asset? And how you see the evolution of a potential market for intensive immunologic treatments like this versus the potential for whether it be T-cell engagers or bispecific products with a similar type target profile, but perhaps less efficacy. And then just the second question is on the 2025 dynamics. Just hoping to get maybe a little bit of a better sense of the sort of pushes and pulls on IRA. I know you've said that you expect it to be largely neutral, but it does seem like there are opportunities to potentially increase volume in that context. And I just wanted to clarify whether or not any volume benefits are incorporated into your assumptions around that neutral assumption?
Chris Boerner: Samit, maybe you can start and then turn it over to Adam.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Seamus. Great question. And let me start -- there are 2 parts on the drug side of things. Let's start with our CAR T cell therapies, truly a transformational approach to treatment of autoimmune diseases as we've seen with the emerging data from others -- and now we will have a chance to present our own data. Just remember one thing. We just -- we started our study at the end of November last year. First patient was actually dosed in November of 2023. And so we are looking forward to presentation of that data at ACR, there are a few things that you may want to notice as we present that data. Number one, who are the patients who are enrolled in these studies and what is the severity of the disease that they have been enrolled with. And then secondly, after treatment, what happens to the B cell dynamics in terms of the loss of B cell or depletion of B cells as well as reemergence? And then what is the impact on their remission in terms of stopping the treatment that they were on for immunomodulators, immunosuppressants. And then, of course, what is the safety profile. Remember, many of these patients will have underlying organ damage. And so that will be important to keep in mind as you look at the data. These are small number of patients, but we will be able to update these data again at ASH with additional patients, longer follow-up and even additional indications. Second part of your question was around -- how do you see these as cost to T cell engagers bispecifics. I think that's an important element that we will need to consider and new publications have recently come out using BCMA-directed therapy, and there is a case report for CD19 directed T-cell engager as well in the past. And they look very promising, encouraging. We'll have to see which patients should go on to CAR T cell therapies in the future and which patients should go through with a T-cell engager and bispecifics because bispecifics will require repeated administration at a certain point in time, either weekly, by weekly or every 4 weeks. And we'll have to define then the duration of that treatment. So all of those questions are still to be answered for T cell engagers. You recall we have a BCMA T cell engager that we stopped develop in multiple myeloma. But next year, in 2025, you will see a study -- a couple of studies starting in a couple of indications that we will certainly test out the theory for application of BCMA-directed bispecific in those diseases. Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. So just the question around the changes to the benefit design as it relates to IRA. So with the elimination of the coverage gap, we expect favorability with Eliquis next year due to CAR T redesign with the elimination of the coverage gap. But that's going to be offset largely by products like Revlimid and Pomalyst in the catastrophic phase, where we're now responsible for 20%. So there are pushes and pulls with IRA opportunities, including patient affordability, also with changes in the CAR T benefit design. But taken together, we see this as essentially net neutral across our portfolio.
Operator: The next question will come from Matt Phipps with William Blair.
Matt Phipps: Just wondering how you all view the market opportunity for the GPRC5D CAR T maybe relative to Abecma, given you've now moved the 5D program into a second-line Phase 2 trial, do you think the profile is strong enough to really challenge a BCMA CAR T? Or would it be used after a BCMA CAR T. And Chris, what type of are you going with tonight?
Chris Boerner: So we'll start with Adam, and Samit, you can chime in as well.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. So, we started the study with our GPRC5D agent will be moving that quickly into Phase 3 registrational trials. We are very encouraged with what we've seen thus far. Remember, this is going to be an important asset that is going to be used after BCMA CAR T treatment is a competitive environment we know. But with a single dose -- and the toxicity profile that we are seeing thus far with GPRC5D we think we have a really great opportunity here with this asset to be another leading cell therapy asset for our company.
Operator: Next question will come from David Risinger with Leerink Partners.
David Risinger: So I'll just keep it to one high-level question, please. So Chris, I think you mentioned a few times on the call that you see Bristol-Myers as a sustainable growth company. Could you just provide some more context on that, your sustainable growth expectations in light of 2026 revenue pressures and the end of the diabetes royalty stream.
Chris Boerner: Thanks for the question, David. Yes. Look, as we have said consistently, our North Star since I took over as CEO in November has been that we execute in the short term and stay focused on building a company that will deliver long-term sustained growth and shareholder value, particularly as we work our way through the middle of the decade exiting with a very strong growth profile towards the end of the decade. And as I think about the way that we continue to build confidence in that, I would say, I'd highlight 3 things. First, we have a young portfolio of growing assets. You've seen that in the quarterly results. And we're squarely focused on continuing to drive performance in this growth profile. We've got products like Cobenfy, which just launched very early in its life cycle. Clearly, schizophrenia is important. You're going to see additional indications, notably the adjunctive indication in 2025. Breyanzi continues to show very solid and strong growth in cell therapy. And remember, that's at the tip of a pipeline of assets we've discussed this morning in fact, that look promising, including CD19 and GPRC5D. We saw continued steady growth for Reblozyl and Camzyos. We would expect that to continue. Those 2 products have line extensions coming up in the next 12 months. And of course, we've talked considerably about Opdualag and nivo subcu providing a foundation for our I-O business through the end of this decade and into the next. And then when you step back from that, the second thing that's encouraging is we continue to see very good progress in our late-stage pipeline. We've talked about Milvexian and the encouraging progress of that program in AFib as well as the 2 other additional indications we're running in parallel. We're excited about LPA1. And remember, we have multiple Phase 2 programs that have demonstrated efficacy and safety for that program. So we're excited to see that play out. Iberdomide and mezigdomide give us opportunities in multiple myeloma. And these are products that have important readouts over the next 12 to 24 months. So we've got continued excitement in the late-stage pipeline. And then across all of our businesses, we've maintained financial discipline. That gives us the ability to have a solid balance sheet. Our P&L looks good, and that gives us strategic flexibility to continue to invest both in our internal program as well as source innovation externally as we did with the Karuna acquisition, for example, in December. So if I add it up, I think those are the core components of how we continue to build conviction in the sustainable growth that we're looking to drive for the company.
Operator: Next question will come from Akash Tewari with Jefferies.
Akash Tewari: Given that there's been reports of J&J shutting down their cardiometabolic division, is there any potential for your team to renegotiate your partnership with them around Milvexian and on subcu Opdivo, your team doesn't seem to be guiding for branded reps beyond the FDA regulatory protection which is a market contract to what Merck is communicating on subcu KEYTRUDA. Any color on why your team seems to be more conservative here?
Chris Boerner: So do you mind repeating the second question?
Akash Tewari: In terms of protections around subcu Opdivo in terms of the length of duration versus what Merck is communicating on subcu KEYTRUDA?
Chris Boerner: Got it. Sorry, we just missed that. So with respect to J&J, no change in our partnership with J&J. J&J has communicated, they continue to be squarely supportive and engaged on the Milvexian program. And in fact, their work on the ongoing Phase 3 programs continues to be very, very good, and we've got a very good relationship with J&J on that program. And then Adam, I'll ask you to take the second.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Regarding the subcu. First, we look forward to the PDUFA date for the nivolumab subcu in late December. Launch planning is progressing very well. And we talked about shifting at least 30% to 40% of the total U.S. Opdivo business, we can do that ahead of the LOE, which is in late 2028. As far as the extension of the I-O franchise. This is what excites us potentially about this product because not only does subcu address the treatment burden for patients and physicians with a 3- to 5-minute fusion time as well as in opposite injection what this is going to do based on the broad patent state for the subcu, it will allow us to extend our franchise into the next decade.
Operator: Next question will come from James Shin with Deutsche Bank.
James Shin: I just want to go back to Milvexian real quick. I really appreciate the update on the stroke and embolism event rates. But was there any separation between the arms? And perhaps even more importantly, do you have any color on bleed rates.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, James, for the question. Obviously, we can't look at those from a by-arm perspective. This is a blinded study. We don't get to see the data that way. It's a blended event rate that we can talk about and we don't get to the specifics of the general profile of the drug at this time.
Operator: Next question will come from Olivia Brayer with Cantor.
Olivia Brayer : Can you guys talk through what you're looking to see in that adjunctive schizophrenia data set next year? And when you think about uptake in that setting, are you getting any early feedback around potential off-label use from potential early adopters? I mean how big of a market do you think that could realistically be just given the focus on making monotherapy use a standard of care. Also, I just wanted to ask a quick clarification on Milvexian time lines. I know it's still 2027, but should we assume that it's later in the year considering today's update?
Chris Boerner: Thanks for the questions, Olivia. Maybe we'll ask Samit and Adam to get those questions between the 3 of them.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you. Remember, Olivia, how patients are treated today. With the antipsychotics that are available without even having an approval in the label, patients are being treated with combinations of D2 agonist in this space. So it was important from our perspective to generate the data to showcase efficacy as well as the safety profile of combining [indiscernible] with the background therapies that patients are on. And that's the intent of showing the -- from the ARISE program perspective as an adjunctive therapy, what Cobenfy can deliver on top of the background therapies. That will be important, and that study will read out in 2025. On Milvexian side, from a clarification perspective, the 2027 is an event-driven end point in the trial. So we can't give you a specific in terms of the timing within 2027. That's why we give you a general guidance for 2027 as before.
Adam Lenkowsky: Olivia, thanks. As it relates to adjunctive commercially today, psychotics use to 2 D2s to get greater efficacy and around 20% to 30% of the patients, even though the D2s are not FDA approved for adjunctive treatment, we do believe that Cobenfy could be an important adjunctive treatment option. Samit talked about the ARISE study, and we're working to generate evidence on this. And pharmacologically, it makes sense adding an M1 and M4 on top of a D2 because, again, we think there could be synergistic effects there. So we're excited to see the study readout. Just to be clear, though, our teams are focused on driving on-label use in schizophrenia to make Cobenfy standard of care there. And we can't -- it's not going to be our choice, but patients may or may not choose to use Cobenfy off-label because of the safety profile of the product. But we're really excited for the data readout next year in Juno schizophrenia as well as some of the other data readout that Samit talked about how Alzheimer's psychosis, these are going to be important accelerators of growth for this product.
Chris Boerner: And I would just remind you what Adam ended on is really important, which is that -- this is a product that, obviously, we're super excited about the initial indication in schizophrenia. We've got the adjunctive data coming, but this is a product that will continue to generate new line extensions with a very robust clinical development plan that we put in place for it.
Operator: Next question will come from Sean McCutchen with Raymond James.
Sean McCutchen : One more on Cobenfy. Can you speak to your view on the import of the M1 component for Cobenfy as it relates to potentially driving targeted improvements in schizophrenia in particular, what proportion of the population have cognitive deficits. Do you expect these patients to be kind of parsed out in the monotherapy setting or post atypical or in the setting? And what are your comments to those that are looking at the BID regimen and GI adverse effects as potential barriers on ease of use in this patient population where compliance or lack thereof is a significant variable when thinking about your competitors that are coming up behind you.
Chris Boerner: Samit will take the first part and then Adam.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you. Remember, the differentiating feature for Cobenfy is that it's a dual direct agonist as opposed to some of the other therapies in development that target the M4 to indirect ways because they are allosteric modulators, which require a ligand such as [indiscernible] to be present in the brain. And M1 is a very important component because from a biological perspective, that is associated with cognition function in the brain. And so having a direct impact on M1 as well as M4 gives us that opportunity to really impact the cognition -- and during the overall life cycle, as we think about the Alzheimer's disease patients as they go through it, cognition does become important in terms of the impact on the patient and patient life and quality of life. So there's a large proportion of patients who will have cognitive impairment and will be eligible if the data reads out positive to be treated with the drug. So overall, that's why we've developed a program in all 3 parts of AD that impact from a psychosis perspective, agitation perspective as well as recognition perspective. Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. So it relates to the dosing regimen for that step back and just talk about the leading cause of discontinuation. Number 1 is efficacy and Cobenfy delivers unsurpassed efficacy, efficacy that's at least as good as a Zyprexa and the other areas of high-level discontinuation include areas like weight gain, include infections, dysfunction, trouble concentrating, excessive sedation. And so now physicians don't need to trade that off. People living with schizophrenia commonly managed multiple medications at significantly higher rates than the general population. In fact, when you look at patients with schizophrenia, they're on average 7 pills a day which includes our antipsychotic. It could include different psychotropic medications, including anti-depressants, anti-anxiety medications as well as medicines to combat the adverse events of their existing products. So yes, we're going to need to manage this, but we don't believe that this will impact uptake based on the unprecedented efficacy that has shown. Last thing I'd mention is we saw very low discontinuation rates in our clinical trial due to the fact that patients that robust efficacy that the product is well tolerated and we will provide support to both patients and caregivers to maximize compliance with --.
Chuck Triano : I know you all have a busy morning in the space. So we'll take our last question, and then we'll turn it to Chris for some brief closing remarks.
Operator: The last question will come from Srikripa Devarakonda with Truist Securities.
Srikripa Devarakonda : Congrats on the quarter today. I'll switch gears and not ask a Cobenfy question. I want to ask a question about your [indiscernible] program. You've recently published data from a Phase 2 with mavacamten. Can you talk about how this translates to 2 to 4, which I think is the drug you've indicated as the HFpEF drug? And what percentage -- like how big of a market do you see? And can you remind us of the time lines for this program?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, for the question. HFpEF is an important indication. We've always indicated that as we think about myosin cardiac inhibitors, with the impact that it does have on the cardiac function and remodeling in general, there is an important element that we wanted to test out, which we first tested out with mavacamten in a small number of patients, which gave us an inkling into the -- through the biomarker work that we did over there through NT-proBNP as well as [indiscernible] measurement, which gives us confidence to continue with that program. We switched over to MYK-224, which was the second program that was available to us, and that's the beauty of having 2 cardiac myosin inhibitors in the programs. And -- that trial is enrolling very well. We are now extending that trial in terms of the Phase 2a study to enroll more patients to generate the data. We anticipate that, that Phase 2 data readout in the next couple of years and then start the Phase 3 program based on the doses that we have identified in that Phase 2 program. And then in the early part of next decade is when we anticipate to really have the Phase 3s reading out. We don't have a time line specifically in terms of the year -- but really excited to see what we have seen thus far and looking forward to initiation.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. As far as the opportunity, this is a large opportunity where heat affects around 3 million people in the United States and that is expected to grow significantly over the course of the decade. In fact, the heart failure drugs, the category is valued at over $12 billion in 2022, and we expect this to almost double by 2032. So this is a significant opportunity, and we're really pleased with what we're seeing early on with MYK-224.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Adam. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us for the call today and for the very thoughtful questions. Maybe I'll just leave you with a few thoughts on the performance for the quarter. First, as you hopefully have gotten from the discussion, we remain very focused on execution. The growth portfolio is now, as David mentioned, contributing nearly half of our total revenue -- and that profile continues to benefit from robust demand for key products, products like Reblozyl, Breyanzi, Camzyos and Opdualag. Second, the Cobenfy approval is a pivotal achievement. We've been working hard to deliver that since we closed the Karuna transaction. And this is an important medicine for patients, and it's an important growth driver for the portfolio. Third, we continue to advance our innovative pipeline across therapeutic areas. We've had several important readouts over the course of the year, and we have a few more coming between now and the end of the year as well as beginning of next year. And then finally, again, as you hopefully gathered, our commitment to operational excellence is yielding results, and we're going to remain focused on driving value across the organization. So thanks again for your time today. And as always, the team is available for follow-up questions, and have a great rest of the day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bristol Myers Squibb Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Power, Vice President, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Power: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our second quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Chris Boerner, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Adam Lenkowsky, our Chief Commercialization Officer and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you'll note, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can use to follow along with Chris and David's remarks. Before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statement. During this call, we make statements about the company's future plans and prospects to constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. And with that, I'll hand it over to Chris.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Tim, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Starting on Slide 4, our second quarter results reflect continued progress against our strategy to position BMS for long-term sustainable growth. In Q2, we continued to strengthen commercial performance with uptake accelerating across a number of our marketed products. Growth portfolio revenues increased 18% year-over-year or 21% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. This portfolio is on track to be a larger component of our overall mix moving forward. We also advanced our pipeline, demonstrating the strength of our portfolio and the development of our first or best-in-class assets. This includes US regulatory approvals for Breyanzi, Krazati and Augtyro. We also achieved a number of milestones this quarter for our I-O franchise, including European approval in first-line bladder cancer, presented data at ASCO in first-line liver cancer and are progressing to a more convenient subcutaneous formulation of nivolumab where we now have a PDUFA date from the US FDA of December 29th. The EMA is also reviewing our subcu application. Before we get into more details around quarterly performance, on Slide 5, I'd like to step-back and take stock of where we are as a company and where we are headed. As discussed previously, we are focusing on reshaping BMS to achieve sustained top-tier growth and maximize long-term value. We're doing this by focusing on three key objectives. First, we are focusing our portfolio on transformational medicines where we have a competitive advantage. This means advancing and, where possible, accelerating first or best-in-class treatments across our therapeutic areas, prioritizing pipeline assets with meaningful growth potential and discontinuing programs that no longer meet our threshold for return on investment. Through these actions, we are ensuring our R&D efforts are focused on programs where BMS has a right to win and where we can deliver compelling ROI to shareholders. Second, we are actively driving greater operational excellence throughout the organization. This includes streamlining our operations and focusing the organization on what matters most, becoming more efficient in how we operate, improving R&D productivity and driving a culture that emphasizes speed and accountability. We're executing on our cost-reduction efforts and are on track to achieve the $1.5 billion in cost savings we announced in Q1. Third, we are strategically allocating capital for long-term growth and returns. We remain focused on ensuring we are investing behind our growth portfolio and most critical pipeline assets. Business development and partnerships remain important for us and we continued to strengthen our balance sheet while maintaining our commitment to returning cash to shareholders. Taken together, these actions are ensuring we are focused on the highest-value activities across the organization, tightening our execution where needed and accelerating our ability to deliver important medicines to patients. On that note, turning to Slide 6. Our objective of generating top-tier growth requires us to deliver on the potential of our pipeline. In hematology-oncology, we are driving leadership by extending our IO business and broadening our focus to include cell therapies and protein degraders. We have also expanded into ADCs and radiopharmaceuticals. In cardiovascular, we are leveraging decades of expertise to deliver new treatment options in thrombosis, heart failure and cardiomyopathies. In immunology, we're focusing our R&D efforts on therapies that reset the immune system with a potentially transformational program in cell therapy. And finally, we are re-establishing our presence in neuroscience, starting with KarXT in neuropsychiatry, followed by an exciting pipeline in neurodegeneration, which continues to advance nicely. On Slide 7, let me update you on our progress with KarXT specifically. We have two main objectives, preparing for the upcoming launch and executing against a robust clinical program to expand this important therapy into multiple indications. We are rapidly building out the necessary infrastructure ahead of KarXT's anticipated FDA approval in late September. We're excited about the commercial potential for this product. Adam can speak more about our launch prep in Q&A. As previously discussed, we are also expanding KarXT to additional indications with data expected in adjunctive schizophrenia in 2025 and Alzheimer's disease psychosis in 2026. Our plans to start trials in both Alzheimer's agitation and bipolar disorder are on track. Finally, we have also initiated planning for two new indications for this product in autism spectrum disorders and Alzheimer's cognition. On Slide 8, I want to highlight a few important pipeline milestones across our therapeutic areas this year. In hematology-oncology, we're extending our I-O franchise with nivolumab subcu and lung data for Opdualag. With the anticipated launch of the subcutaneous formulation of nivolumab at the end of this year, we continue to estimate that at least 30% to 40% of US patients being treated with IV will convert to the more convenient subcutaneous administration across multiple indications. This ultimately allows patients to benefit from the standard-of-care cancer medicine into the next decade. With Opdualag, we plan to share Phase 2 proof-of-concept data soon. This supports initiation of a Phase 3 study in a subset of patients with first-line non-small cell lung cancer later this year. In immunology, we expect to see data this year for CD19 NEX-T. By resetting the immune system, we believe this therapy can deliver meaningful benefits for patients across multiple indications. We have also completed enrollment of our two Phase 3 trials for Sotyktu in psoriatic arthritis and now expect to see data later this year. Looking ahead, on Slide 9, we will begin to see important data readouts for our pipeline in the second half of this year with momentum building through 2026. A few to focus on include LPA1 in pulmonary fibrosis, our registrational multiple myeloma pipeline, including GPRC5D cell therapy and our CELMoDs, iberdomide and mezigdomide and, of course, Milvexian, which has the potential to be the only oral factor 11A inhibitor in atrial fibrillation. All have the potential to deliver significant benefits for patients and form a large commercial opportunity for the company. With increasing pipeline momentum, we are confident in our ability to further strengthen our growth profile. Let me close with our outlook on Slide 10. Given the strength of our Q2 results and the confidence we have in the remainder of the year, we now expect to deliver top-line growth at the upper end of our guidance range. We are also raising our guidance range for full-year EPS. David will discuss these updates in more detail shortly. Let me summarize by noting that in Q2, we took notable steps forward on our journey to drive sustained long-term growth. While there is more work to do, we are strengthening the foundation for that growth by progressing what is a catalyst-rich pipeline, growing our commercial portfolio and maintaining a strong balance sheet that provides strategic flexibility. I want to thank the employees of BMS for their contributions in the quarter and their commitment to delivering breakthrough medicines to more patients even faster. Let me now hand it over to David.
David Elkins: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I will begin with the highlights of our quarterly sales results on Slide 12. Let me start with a brief reminder that unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are made from the same period in 2023 and sales growth rates will be discussed on an underlying basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. All references to our P&L are on a non-GAAP basis. Our performance during the second quarter reflects focused execution across the business, including a 21% increase in our growth portfolio and a 3% growth in our legacy portfolio. The growth portfolio continued to increase as a proportion of our total sales and now represents about 46% of the business. Expenses during the quarter came in more favorable than expected, reflecting our focus on driving operational excellence and timing of spend, resulting in a slightly higher operating margin of roughly 40%. These results support our positive outlook for 2024 and our updated financial guidance. Second quarter sales performance across our key therapeutic areas reflect continued momentum for several important growth brands, including Reblozyl, Camzyos, Breyanzi and Opdualag. While we saw growth across our immunology business, we recognize there's still more work to do, particularly with Sotyktu in this highly competitive category. There were also some inventory and gross-to-net favorability across several growth brands this quarter, which will be important to take into consideration when phasing sales in the second half of the year. Let's take a closer look at our key brand performance, starting with our oncology franchise on Slide 13. Opdivo remains an important product within our immuno-oncology business. Sequentially, global sales were up driven by demand and an estimated benefit of $65 million related to customer buying patterns in the US. We expect growth this year to be in the mid-single-digit range as core indications mature and we await additional regulatory actions, including FDA approval in the periadjuvant lung expected in October. And our I-O franchise is further strengthened with Opdualag, which delivered another quarter of double-digit growth, driven primarily by higher demand. Outside the US, we see encouraging trends across several newly-launched markets and remain focused on securing reimbursement. As we said previously, we are pursuing further development of Opdualag in a segment of first-line lung cancer and we remain on track to initiate our Phase 3 registrational program later this year. These expansion opportunities, coupled with the pending approval of nivolumab subcu further support extension of our I-O franchise into the next decade. In cardiovascular, on Slide 14, Eliquis remains the market leader anti-coagulant worldwide with global sales of more than $3 billion. In the US, sales were primarily driven by higher demand and market share gains. Sequentially, as is typical in the second quarter, US sales reflect an unfavorable gross-to-net impact as patients begin to enter Medicare Coverage Gap. As a reminder, these dynamics are more acute in the second half of the year, resulting in lower sales versus the first half. Turning to Camzyos, second quarter sales more than tripled compared to the prior year. Sequentially, US sales were driven mainly by demand. US demand in the second quarter was led by an increase of approximately 1,300 commercially dispensed patients since Q1, bringing the total to almost 6,900 patients on commercial drug. This growth demonstrates steady and consistent adoption. Outside the US, sales growth reflects the timing of reimbursement in approved markets and, globally, we see significant room for future growth. Let's turn to hematology on Slide 15. Sales of Reblozyl in the quarter grew 82% with growth in both US and international markets. In the US, sales benefited from higher demand, driven by first-line MDS associated anemia and some favorable inventory in gross-to-nets. Outside the US, the brand is approved in approximately 40 countries, including recent broad-label introductions in Europe and Japan. We look forward to seeing the first-line indication reimbursed across the globe. In cell therapy, we saw quarter-over-quarter sales growth with Abecma, driven largely by ex-US. We continue to work through the competitive dynamics in multiple myeloma by discussing our KarMMa-3 data with customers. Breyanzi grew 55% in the quarter, which was driven by growth across multiple indications and expanded manufacturing capacity. International sales growth reflected strong demand in markets such as Germany, France and Japan. Now moving to immunology on Slide 16. Performance of Sotyktu continued to be impacted by competitive environment and the quality of commercial access in the US. At the same time, during Q2, we achieved improved commercial access across multiple large PBMs with zero step edits. And starting earlier this month, we added another large PBM as we discussed last quarter. We now have greater than 60% of covered lives with favorable access. As a result, in the near term, we anticipate modest incremental gross-to-net pressure on revenue growth, which will be offset by demand growth over time. Now turning to Slide 17, I will highlight some components of the P&L. In addition to solid commercial execution, our second quarter performance reflects a focus on financial discipline and steady progress against our $1.5 billion cost savings program we discussed on last quarter's call. As a reminder, we plan to reinvest the cost savings into higher growth opportunities to drive greater patient impact and accelerate our sales growth in the second half of the decade. Gross margin came in favorable this quarter, driven primarily by product mix. Operating expenses, excluding in-process R&D were impacted by higher deal-related spend, partially offset by cost savings related to our efficiency initiatives and the timing of planned expenditures. On a sequential basis, expenses came in lower than anticipated due to timing of planned investment spend that shifted to the third quarter. Our tax rate in the quarter changed from 16.9% in the prior year to 14.1%, primarily due to a release of income tax reserve. Overall, earnings per share was $2.07 in the quarter. Now moving to the balance sheet and capital allocation highlights on Slide 18. Both our growth and legacy portfolios delivered solid revenue growth in the quarter. With legacy continuing to contribute to our robust operating cash flow of approximately $2.3 billion. And we closed the quarter on June 30th, we had approximately $7 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities on hand. During the second quarter, we reduced our total debt position by $3.1 billion, including roughly $2.7 billion of commercial paper and $400 million of long-term debt. These actions are consistent with our plan to pay down approximately $10 billion of debt over the next two years. In terms of capital allocation, we are prioritizing opportunities that will further strengthen our long-term growth outlook, while remaining committed to our dividend. Please turn to Slide 19 to walk through the details of our guidance. On Q2 performance, focused execution across the business generated top-line growth and driving operational excellence. These results provided support for updated full-year guidance. As is our practice, we provide revenue guidance on a reported basis as well as on an underlying basis, which assumes currency remains consistent with prior year. Our guidance for the full-year revenue is now low single-digit growth, which we now expect to come in at the upper end of the range. This is due to the continued performance of our growth portfolio and better-than-expected sales of Revlimid. With respect to gross margin, we are raising our guidance to reflect the impact of sales mix. Excluding acquired and process R&D, we continue to expect our total operating expenses to be at the upper end of low-single-digit percentage increase range. This reflects incremental costs associated with the recent acquisitions, partially offset by the realization of savings due to our productivity initiative. Given the delay in timing of anticipated expenses in Q2 , we now expect a step-up in Q3. Overall, our previous operating margin target of at least 37% for the full year remains unchanged. For OI&E, we now expect annual expenses of approximately $50 million due to higher-than-anticipated estimated royalties and favorable net interest expense. The annual tax rate will be affected by one-time nondeductible expenses of Karuna acquired in-process R&D charge, which impacted our non-GAAP net income in the first quarter. Excluding this impact, the estimated underlying tax rate for the full year is still expected to be about 18%. As a result of these changes, we are raising the range of our 2024 non-GAAP EPS guidance to between $0.60 and $0.90. Let's walk through the phasing of our sales for the full year. Year-to-date, our growth portfolio has grown approximately 16% and we anticipate a similar rate of growth in the second half. In relation to phasing of product sales in the back half of the year, keep in mind, the typical product seasonality we expect to see in the business in the third quarter. Also, we had roughly $150 million in stocking in the second quarter and we anticipate reversing in Q3. Normalization of these dynamics next quarter will likely temper sequential growth. However, as a result of these dynamics and the strength of our underlying business, we expect strong growth across the portfolio in the fourth quarter. And for Revlimid, while we continue to monitor variability from generics and other dynamics, we now expect full-year sales to be at the higher end of our $4.5 billion to $5 billion sales range. In closing, we have entered the second half of 2024 with sales momentum building in key brands and financial discipline driving a leaner and more agile organization. And as Chris said, we are excited about the long-term opportunity ahead of our emerging neuroscience platform, with the anticipated FDA approval of KarXT in September. We are committed to investing in high-growth areas where we have competitive advantages to meet the needs of our patients. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Tim for Q&A.
Tim Power: Thanks, David. Rocco, could we go to the first question, please?
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Chris Schott at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks so much. Just two quick questions here. Maybe the first one is, can you just talk about the immunology portfolio and how to think about pricing going forward? I know you mentioned that there's some modest incremental price pressure on Sotyktu, given the broader access. But once that rolls out, I guess, as we think about the second half of this year, is that a good run rate to think about price for immunology or when we consider further access competitive environment, is this a business that likely continues to see price erosion over time? The second question I had was just on IRA. I know we're all kind of waiting on the price disclosure on Eliquis, but is there any just directional color you can share of just in terms of how negotiations went, any surprises, just how you think about IRA price negotiations more broadly as you're thinking about the portfolio and kind of markets you're competing, et cetera, just anything you could share on that front or do we just have to wait till that disclosure, I guess, in a month or so, but I appreciate it. Thank you.
David Elkins: Thanks, Chris. Maybe I'll start with your second question, then I'll flip it to Adam. So as expected, we've received the government's final MFP price for Eliquis. And as is consistent with what we've discussed previously, we anticipate CMS is going to publish the MFP price either on or before September 1st. And once that happens, we look forward to providing you more color on the impact of MFP on the shape of the Eliquis business. What I'll say today, now that we have seen the final price, we're increasingly confident in our ability to navigate the impact of IRA on Eliquis. Eliquis is an important drug for patients. It's going to continue to be an important drug for the company in the short-to-medium term. If we step back from Eliquis though, I want to continue to emphasize that we firmly oppose government price setting under IRA. We continue to believe that arbitrary price setting by the government on life-saving medicines is not good public policy. So irrespective of short-term dynamics, we remain very concerned about the long-term implications of IRA on innovation, but we'll be able to give you more color on Eliquis once we get that price published, which we anticipate in the coming weeks and certainly before September 1st. Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Chris, thanks for the question. Just more broadly in immunology, we know this is a highly competitive and highly rebated category and we're making good progress across a number of our key products as you heard from David and Chris in our growth portfolio as well as in immunology. Now, I have to acknowledge that Sotyktu performance has been slower than we'd like, but we're focused on improving that. We're executing our plan where a key focus has been on improving our access position. As David mentioned, we're continuing to make significant progress in that area. We came into the year with 25% unrestricted access and we had that through roughly the first half of the year. As we move into the back half of the year, essentially effective July 1st, we more than doubled that. We now have approximately 65% access, the majority of which is zero step edits. And so that's about over 100 million lives now and we expect further access improvements in January. So obviously, that's important because we'll see new patients move faster onto commercial product, we'll work to move patients quickly out of our bridge program and onto commercial product and we'll see much fewer patients attrit at the specialty pharmacy. We'll also see, as David mentioned, a modest increase in gross-to-net due to the rebates required for improved access, offset by increased volume. As a reminder, in Q2, we had a one-time negative impact of about $6 million due to a gross-to-net true-up. So as we exit the year with our expanded access, we're going to be in a much better position versus where we started this year, which will give us a lot of momentum as we move into 2025, and we're committed to making this a big product for the company.
Tim Power: Thanks, Adam. Rocco, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question is from Luisa Hector with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Luisa Hector: Hello, thank you for taking my questions. I just wondered whether you could describe where the $150 million stocking benefit occurred across which products in Q2? And then perhaps a question on cendakimab. So good to see the positive readout there. Could you tell us how soon you might be able to file and perhaps how you can position this and some sort of color around the access and the launch ramp sort of piggybacking on your comments on Sotyktu. So how should we think about the potential launch there? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Luisa. I'll ask David to start and then Samit and Adam can address the question on cendakimab.
David Elkins: Yeah, Luisa, thanks for the question. On the inventory, that's really in the I-O franchise across Opdivo and Yervoy, but as well there are some in our immunology franchise of Orencia and Zeposia.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, David, and thank you for the question. For cendakimab, we have a positive Phase 3 study that read out just recently. The trial met both its primary endpoints on dysphagia days as well as the eosinophilic count decrease, and it also met the secondary endpoints, but we've just received the data in our hands. So we are doing a deep-dive on that. And as we look at the data, we will, of course, take into account when the data will be presented at the medical conference as well as take into account what the landscape is in terms of how patients are treated today and as we plan for the next steps for cendakimab. From a commercial perspective, let me pass it on to Adam, who can then comment on that as well.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. Luisa, thank you for the question. So we're obviously pleased with the positive Phase 3 study for cendakimab. It's early days and so we look forward to presenting the data. But just roughly when you look in the US, there are about 300,000 treated patients. Treatment rates in EOE are pretty low in the United States. In fact, first-line treatment rate is around 4% and that increases as you go down lines of therapy to third line, which about a third of patients are treated. And the majority of patients are on conventional therapies like PPIs, steroids and then they are treated with Dupixent. And so as Samit mentioned, dysphagia days are important for patients as also the potential for remodeling here. And this is a market where payers are managing about half of the lives in the US, so we expect in -- majority of lives to be positioned behind Dupixent. And again, we look forward to sharing the data with regulatory authorities and presenting at an upcoming meeting.
Tim Power: Thanks, Adam. Let's go to the next question, please, Rocco.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Chris Shibutani with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Chris Shibutani: Good morning. Thank you very much. Chris, you and the team have been much more aggressive on the business development front over the last six to nine months and you've had to make some really thoughtful decisions about prioritizing programs so that the costs don't overrun. What's your capacity now? And in particular, what's your appetite, noting that historically Bristol has been in cardiovascular disease, metabolic and just a requisite question about any interest in the obesity and obesity adjacent realms? Thank you so much.
Chris Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the questions, Chris. Maybe I will start and then I'll turn it over to David who can speak to the capacity a bit. Well, as expected, we continue to prioritize business development. It's, as you point out, something that we've certainly had as a priority going back to when we did the deals at the end of last year. I would say our priority right now is to execute the deals that we completed seven months ago. Notable among that is we're actively preparing for the KarXT launch, hopefully in September, and certainly, Adam can speak to that. As David also mentioned, I would highlight that we're also focused on paying down the debt as a top priority. Beyond that though, business development and partnerships are going to be continue -- continue to be important to us in terms of the types of deals that we're interested in. Obviously, they have to make strategic and financial sense as a first order. We're going to continue to be disciplined there. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, you saw the therapeutic areas and modalities that we're focused on and where we feel we have a right to win. So those would be primarily the areas of focus for business development. And then the requisite question on obesity, I'll get to in a second, but there's also a requisite question on size of deal. I would think about bolt-on deals and partnerships as being the priority for us in the immediate term. And look, we're going to continue to monitor the obesity market, but I would say with respect to business development for us right now, I would focus on those areas that I highlighted in my prepared remarks. David?
David Elkins: Chris, I think you covered it well. The only thing I'd emphasize as we think about capital allocation overall besides the debt paydown is we remain firmly committed to the dividend as evidenced by us paying a dividend for the past 92 years and increasing it the last 15 years. And as you know, we have one of the lowest payout ratios of our peer group. So overall, we remain very financially disciplined from a capital allocation perspective.
Tim Power: Great. Thanks, David. Can we go to the next question, please, Rocco?
Operator: Absolutely. Our next question today comes from Tim Anderson of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. Can I go back to the IRA stuff for a moment? There's no formal gag order preventing drug companies from talking about ongoing price negotiations. I'm told CMS has asked drug companies to keep quiet nonetheless and all the drug companies have been complying with that, including Bristol, and I'm trying to figure out why would drug companies comply with that request and really kind of keep it quiet ahead of the coming announcement. And then second, we might actually be getting that announcement much earlier than people are thinking possibly in the next week or so ahead of the congressional recess. If that update does come earlier, can we assume that you'll provide your update shortly thereafter, so meaning possibly in the next couple of weeks if the news were to come earlier?
Chris Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the questions, Tim. So first, we've been consistent that we're going to only speak to the specifics of MFD once we have the -- once we have CMS having published, which we anticipate being on or before September 1st. What I'll say is once that price is disclosed, we're going to be able to provide a very good picture of the shape of the business for Eliquis going forward, inclusive of the impact of IRA. And we very much look forward to being able to provide that clarity. And again, what I would emphasize is based on having seen the price, we're very confident in our ability to navigate the impact of IRA on Eliquis. And so again, we'll provide more details when that price becomes public. And one other point is, we will provide once that becomes public is we will announce earlier if CMS comes before September 1st and we'll put what we anticipate around IRA and its impact on our IR website, and so that's how we'll be communicating that.
Tim Power: Great. Let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. Two for me. So Adam, can you walk me through some of the key launch preparations you're taking for the launch of KarXT that will help you capitalize on your competitive headstart? And then on the IRA/trough earnings, I'm not going to push on the price, but what else do you need to know or need to have in hand to really be able to help us understand kind of when these trough earnings that we've been talking about and when you'll be able to provide kind of when that happens? Thank you guys so much.
Chris Boerner: Sure. So why don't I let Adam start on KarXT and then I'll take your second question.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Evan, thank you for the question. So we're excited about the launch of KarXT as this is a very important drug with significant commercial potential as we shared. Reminder, given a late September and Q4 launch, we effectively see this as a 2025 launch and KarXT is going to be the first innovative therapy in schizophrenia approved for decades. So let me talk a little bit about how we are preparing for the launch. And I'll focus on a few key areas. Number one, we're sourcing a very experienced field sales and strong medical organizations to prepare the market for this new mechanism. Secondly, the access team that we have, have been out there for months, reinforcing the profile with state Medicaid directors and Medicare payers. Just as a reminder, the schizophrenia market is very different in terms of access in markets that are highly PBM-driven. Government payers will be critical to building access for this product since the patient population is greater than 80% Medicaid and Medicare. We've received very positive feedback from thought leaders and payers in the space that KarXT fills a significant unmet need. And the third area that I'll highlight is we need to ensure that physicians and patients have a positive first experience. This is a new mechanism with a different profile and ensuring that patients stay on treatment. So overall, we're pleased to launch Readiness Efforts and we look forward to launching this important medicine later this year.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah, thank you, Adam. I just want to add a couple of things, Evan. Samit here. In addition to looking forward to the approval in September, we are also executing on the overall development plan for KarXT, as you know, adjunctive schizophrenia study as well as the Alzheimer's disease associated psycho studies are ongoing and they're enrolling well. We look forward to data readouts in 2025 and 2026. We anticipate initiation of the Phase 3 trials in bipolar disorder as well as Alzheimer's agitation also in 2025 with a BID dosing and then also preparing to start the Phase 3 study, Alzheimer's disease cognition impairment also in 2025. In addition to that, we are now making the preparations for the autism studies, which will include children, so we need to do some work on that, but really a large program that is being initiated and executed right now.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Samit. Now Evan, going back to your question on trough. I'll redirect you back to the comments that I made at the beginning of the year. We've talked about navigating a period that starts in 2026. Now having said that, our focus continues to be on improving the shape of the business over time. And the good news is we have a lot of strategic levers to pull. We have a growing portfolio of young assets. We saw good growth in the first half and we expect good growth in the back half. We have new products launching, notably KarXT and nivo subcu this year. Those are going to be important in terms of describing the shape of our business longer-term. We have late-stage pipeline assets that are reading out starting this year and accelerating through next year and into 2026. And as we've discussed over time, these have considerable commercial potential. We have some very interesting early programs. We're going to start seeing proof-of-concept starting this year, notably CD19 NEX-T. And of course, as David has mentioned already today, we have a very good balance sheet and the capacity to do smart partnerships and business development. So those are a number of the things that are obviously going to shape how this business looks in the back half of the decade. And we're fixated on delivering across the business in the short-term as well as pulling the strategic levers I just mentioned that are going to be needed to accelerate the timing and pace of growth for the company in the back half of the decade.
Tim Power: Let's go to the next question, please, Rocco.
Operator: Absolutely. Our next question today comes from Carter Gould with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Carter Gould: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe one for Adam. You had a really nice quarter in Breyanzi, you highlighted some of the drivers there. Can you maybe, you know, compartmentalize that a bit and help us think about then the second half of the year as we think about both those new indications, but also the step-up in supply? Just again given sort of the reset in 2Q, additional color here would be pretty helpful.
Chris Boerner: Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Carter, thank you for the question. We're pleased with Breyanzi performance in the quarter. Remember, in Q1, we said we expected significant improved manufacturing capacity and also a tailwind from our new indications. So in the second quarter, as David shared, sales increased over 50% versus prior year and we anticipate that to continue through the remainder of the year. We expect continued strong growth to be driven first by our lead indication in LBCL as Breyanzi is increasingly recognized as the best-in-class CD19 as well as by our expanded indications, which are off to a very good start. We're also pleased and I want to acknowledge and thank our GPS organization with our expanded manufacturing capacity. We're now in a much stronger position to meet demand in the market. And so taken together our recent approvals, our expanded manufacturing capacity and best-in-class will enable us to compete much more effectively to win in this market.
Carter Gould: Thanks, Adam.
Tim Power: Okay, let's go to the next question, please, Rocco.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead .
Seamus Fernandez: Great. Thanks for the question. So a couple of quick ones. Samit, you have a number of clinical readouts coming in multiple myeloma with your CELMoD portfolio in 2026. Just hoping you could help us understand how you see those products potentially commercially or maybe not commercially, but clinically positioned relative to the very increasingly crowded landscape that we see today. And then the second question actually hearkens back a little bit to IRA, but more so to Part-D redesign. Can you guys help us understand how the Part-D redesign dynamics that are likely to materially impact the substantial payout that you make on Eliquis is likely to be offset negatively by the impact of the catastrophic cap that comes in, in 2025? And at what point will you seek to educate the market on those pushes and pulls in 2025? Will that fall with the IRA negotiation effects or will it fall, you know, simply with 2025 guidance? Thanks.
Chris Boerner: Samit, then Adam.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. Thank you, Seamus, for the question. As we think about multiple myeloma, it is a disease which has really been benefiting from multiple therapies that have been approved over the years and certainly has had transformational outcomes for these patients, including small molecules as well as large molecules and now with cell therapies and bispecifics coming into the play. As we think about CELMoDs, as we think about Iberdomide and mezigdomide both in development across the four Phase 3 clinical trials with readouts coming in 2026. The way we think about it is multi-drug regimens will be required for these patients because ultimately right now we don't have a cure for the disease. And that's the way we have designed the studies with mezigdomide going head-to-head versus pomalidomide, whereas if we think about iberdomide, we're looking at combinations to really change the outcomes when you combine them with velcade and dexamethasone or moving into a maintenance setting after transplant going head-to-head versus Revlimid. So we believe that there are patients who are not going to be eligible to receive cell therapies where these therapies will play a role. Also, we need manageable toxicities, which don't have the same outcomes of CRS, et cetera, that are associated by specific therapies right now. So placement of these therapies will become important and we'll continue to generate more data through many other trials so that we ultimately give more our momentarium to physicians to prescribe to the right patients for better outcomes in multiple myeloma.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Samit. Seamus, before I turn it over to Adam to walk through the redesign of that specifically, I'll just say that when we give the color on MFP, that will be inclusive of all aspects of IRA, including the Part-D redesigns, get that whenever we talk about the final MFP price. But Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Seamus. As you alluded to, since products are impacted differently by the Medicare redesign, we carefully evaluate each of the individual dynamics both now as well as into the future to determine the potential impacts. We will see a favorability with Eliquis next year due to the Part-D redesign, notably with the elimination of the coverage gap. That'll partially be offset by Rev and Pomalyst having responsibility now in the catastrophic phase. So we're monitoring this very closely to understand what the impact is on out-of-pocket cap as well and other shifts that are happening in the landscape.
Chris Boerner: Yeah. And just to close off on that, what I would say when we look at Part-D redesign across the entire portfolio, we actually think that it offsets and would be largely meaningful.
Tim Power: Great. Thanks, Chris. Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Absolutely. Our next question today comes from Terence Flynn at Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. David, I was just wondering if you can provide any early commentary on how we should think about 2025 operating margins, maybe just walking us through some of the puts and takes. And then separately, I was wondering if you guys can disclose the WINREVAIR royalty from Merck? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: David?
David Elkins: Yeah, thanks, Terence. And look, we remain committed to our greater than 37% operating margin. And as you saw, we saw strength in our gross margins with our mix of our business. And we feel really good about the operational efficiency programs that we're executing against now, which gives us a lot of flexibility in maintaining those operating margins above 37%. Thanks, Terence.
Terence Flynn: And about WINREVAIR, David?
David Elkins: And WINREVAIR that, so we recognized 22% of global sales of WINREVAIR that comes through our other growth revenue that comes through there and you'll hear about those sales from Merck when they come through.
Terence Flynn: Great.
David Elkins: But obviously an important growth driver for us is that 22% royalty rate.
Tim Power: Great. Thanks very much, David. Can we go to the next one, please, Rocco?
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question today comes from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thank you very much for taking my question. And maybe one question I want to ask is like as with new launches, there are spaces you have done really well like oncology and cardiology now with Camzyos picking up, but immunology seems to be a challenge and even before Sotyktu there was Zeposia, so just want to understand, what are the excess dynamics that you are finding challenging versus your expectations going in? I'm asking because with some of those IL-23s and all, they have found better access than what we are seeing with Sotyktu. So could you please help us understand that? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Mohit. Good question. And Adam, you'll take it.
Adam Lenkowsky: Sure, Mohit. Thanks for the question. So as we talked about, we are focused on continuing to accelerate our growth portfolio. As you saw in the quarter, we're making good progress there. We're delivering strong performance for products like Reblozyl, Camzyos, Breyanzi and Opdualag. As I talked about, Sotyktu performance is slower than we would like and we are focused on improving both performance and execution. But ultimately, it's the access there that has taken longer than we expected. Remember, in many of the immunology categories that we compete in, these are highly controlled, highly managed products by the large PBMs. And so it took longer for us to get into a preferred position based on entrenched contracts. And so as we're seeing uptake now, we're in a much better position with approximately 65% access with most of that is at zero step edit. And that's going to be really important. So we recognize this is a highly competitive market and we're continuing to make improvements and we expect further improvements in access in January. As it relates to Zeposia, Zeposia has really been a tale of two launches. We entered the market in multiple sclerosis and we've seen good uptake there over time and we're doing that in a market that continues to contract based on the kind of the increases in the products like Ocrevus and Kesimpta and we continue to grow our share in a competitive market. Now UC has been more challenging. It is more managed, it's more managed class. TNFs have preferred status across virtually all of the PBMs, but we're also focused on making progress there as well. So I think it's hard to paint immunology in general with a broad brush. Orencia continues to perform well, no biosimilar insight. And finally, as we talked about, we're ready for the launch of KarXT, which has very different access dynamics than what's in the immunology space today. So we are continuing to make progress in delivering strong performance and execution and we're confident in our ability to continue to grow our business in the near term and into the longer term.
Tim Power: Thanks, Adam. Let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from David Risinger with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
David Risinger: Yes, thanks very much, and congrats on the performance. So two questions, please. First is, with respect to IRA, many companies, including Bristol have suggested it's not too much of a problem. And so I'm just helping, I'm hoping that you could help us understand a little bit how you're thinking about drugs that aren't rebated today like Part B drugs such as Opdivo and their risk of price pressure when they're negotiated relative to drugs that are heavily rebated today like Eliquis. So if you could just comment on that, that would be helpful. And then second, with respect to some of your growth drivers, obviously, you've kind of commented a lot on Sotyktu and Opdualag, but there are competitors that have shown some pretty encouraging data and competitors claim and in some cases, i.e., with respect to Sotyktu, they're running head-to-head trials that their drugs are going to show much better efficacy cross-trial than Sotyktu and Opdualag and launch late decade. So if you could just comment on that and how you're thinking about the future competition? Thanks so much.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, David. I'll let Adam address certainly the first question and actually probably the second question as well. But let me just first say, we're not going to speculate on the impact of products that have not been or aren't planned to be negotiated. Adam can speak generally about how we manage the different books of business between Medicare and commercial. But Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. I mean, I think we're a long way off to 2028. So I agree, I think it's premature to discuss if Opdivo would be eligible even for IRA negotiation. Remember, if Opdivo makes the list, there could be generics in the market or biosimilars in the market as well. But I think most importantly is what you heard from both David and Chris is that we announced a PDUFA date for our nivo subcu in late December. So our goal is to convert as much business as we can well prior to the LOE. And we expect to convert at least 30% to 40% of the total US business for Opdivo ahead of the LOE and we think this is a great opportunity for both physicians and patients and we look forward to launching this important formulation. Also, with a biosimilar in the market and we don't expect to see Opdivo completely fall off either. So we also expect to see the subcu and the IV continue into the next decade as well. As it relates to the competition in immunology or in PSO, I think, more specifically as you're asking, again, we are preparing for competition there. I think Sotyktu has set a high bar for new orals in the PSO space. This is a very competitive category today. It's only going to become more crowded and more competitive over time. We also plan to have several indications, including PSA by -- we'll see some data by the end of this year, which will help both PSO and help accelerate Sotyktu as well as SLE, both of which SLE and PSA will be approved and will read out at that time. So we're going to have to see the results of the study. The oral IL-23 Phase 3 data would need to be meaningfully different in order to move the needle, but we're continuing to make progress with Sotyktu and executing our plan and we focus on growing this important brand.
Chris Boerner: And I think I'll just add because I think you also mentioned, David, Opdualag. And as far as Opdualag is concerned, once again, we are way ahead with melanoma indication already approved in the first line, anticipating the data for the adjuvant melanoma, anticipating also the presentation of the Phase 2 data soon and then initiation of the Phase 3 program in the subset of non-small cell lung cancer to continue the progress. Rest of the data that we've seen from the competition is just too small to really interpret anything out of that.
David Risinger: Thanks.
Tim Power: Thanks so much. Can we go to the next question, please, Rocco?
Operator: Absolutely. Our next question comes from Steve Scala with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Steve Scala: Thank you very much. Chris, I apologize for being picky, but you said two times on the call that Bristol would give visibility on the contour of Eliquis business around September 1st, but you didn't say floor guidance. And when you were specifically asked about floor guidance, you repeated something from earlier in the call. So is floor guidance no longer in the plans? And secondly, Samit on cendakimab in EoE. So Dupixent showed 60% of patients achieved histologic remission at 24 weeks. Is cendakimab fully competitive with that? You sound very confident. So it sounds like yes. And historically, your tone in saying things like this has been very predictive. So I'm just curious what to make of it. Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Steve. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Samit. So look, we know there's a lot of interest in this topic around floor guidance. As I've said before, in general, we've moved away from providing long-term targets. This actually reflects us going back to what the company has done historically. That said, we continue to increase our confidence in the long-term growth profile of this business. We're going to continue to provide updates to you on that business as appropriate and we'll be transparent about how we see the business evolving. And as for how we do that and when we do that, as I think most of you are aware, our normal practice is to provide forward-looking guidance at the beginning of the year, normally when we report our Q4 results, and we're going to continue with that process. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you. And thanks for the question, Steve. As always, very pointed one. Look, we did do the study as it relates to comparison versus Dupixent. So it's very hard to start comparing the data. Also remember the way the dysphagia days, which is a more important and most important thing from a symptom relief for the patient. The way we measured it versus what Dupixent did in their study are very different ways. So we have to keep that in mind. Certainly will not comment on the specificity of the data because we would rather present it at a medical conference or to come on that. Certainly, as mentioned earlier by Adam as well, we look to the data deeply and put it into perspective as we go forward also in communications with the regulators.
Tim Power: Let's go to the next question, please, Rocco.
Operator: Absolutely. Our next question today comes from Trung Huynh with UBS. Please go ahead.
Trung Huynh: Good morning, guys. Trung Huynh from UBS. I have a few follow-ups on the subcu Opdivo. So today you highlighted again the 30% to 40% conversion. How quickly are you arriving at this 30% to 40% of patients? What's stopping it from being more as we've seen things like Darzalex have quite significant conversion? And then, when is the exclusivity expected to last for this subcu versus IV given the somewhat recent CMS drafts on IRA on subcu formulations? I think you mentioned in one of the questions the next decade, but do you have a year? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Trung, thanks for the question. So again, as I said, we are looking forward to the PDUFA date in late December and our launch planning is continuing to progress. So we said we have converted at least 30% to 40% of the total US Opdivo IV business. And we have -- the good news is we have time because the LOE is not until 2028. So we expect that conversion to come largely from patients who are in the adjuvant setting, use in combination with Yervoy where there is continuing Opdivo treatment, for example, indications in metastatic melanoma in first-line RCC as well as in Opdivo monotherapy. These indications represent approximately 70% of our overall business. And so we talked about the benefits of nivo subcu has the potential to benefit both patients with a less than five-minute infusion time and physicians who are able to free-up chairs, particularly in the community setting. And we do have the potential to benefit patients through the next decade with nivo subcu based on the fact that we've got a broad patent estate. So we expect to see both nivo subcu and Opdualag continue to persist our leading IO franchise into the early 2030s.
Tim Power: Thanks, Adam. Let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: Absolutely. Our next question comes from Matthew Phipps with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Matthew Phipps: Thanks for taking my questions. Two quick ones on Phase 3 trials. Wondered if recruitment has recommenced in the ACTION-1 trial with RZ101 and Actinium supply is secured there. And then on the successor trials with mezigdomide, it looks like the trials have advanced to Part 2 of the Phase 3. Wondering if you can give us any sense of the dose that was taken from Part 1 into Part 2? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Matt. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. Thank you for both the questions. For the Actinium-225 study, as you know, we are the furthest along in terms of the Actinium-225 Phase 3 trial. GEP-NET is the first indication with very strong data supporting it. We have reinitiated the recruitment in the trial and we are still looking forward to the data readout in 2026, along with certainly looking forward to new indications starting with a small-cell lung cancer Phase 1 trial that is already ongoing. For mezigdomide trial, again, enrollment is continuing. We will not yet declare what the dose we've taken forward. But certainly, yes, both trials have moved to the Part 2 of the study and you will continue to hear about how the trial progresses and we're looking forward to the readout starting in 2026.
Tim Power: Thanks, Samit. Let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: Absolutely. Our next question comes from Olivia Brayer with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Olivia Brayer: Hi, good morning, and thank you for the question. I wanted to ask a follow-up on Sotatercept. It looks like you guys changed your other income guidance by about $200 million for the year. So is that essentially entirely from the Sotatercept launch? Obviously, a big number there if you back it out based on a 22 -- or a 22% royalty rate. And then how are you thinking about Sotatercept's contribution to your P&L going forward just given the strong economics there? And one more, just can you also comment on level of enthusiasm around your PRMT5 program and what we'll see from the Phase-1 readout in the back half of the year? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: David and Samit.
David Elkins: Yeah, Olivia, thanks for the question. The O&E increase was mainly driven by two things, as I said earlier in my prepared remarks, which is the diabetes royalties coming in better than we had anticipated as well as interest expense coming in better than anticipated. And what I was saying earlier related to WINREVAIR, since we still own the intellectual property of that, that 22% of global sales related to the product goes through our other growth revenue line. So it comes through sales.
Samit Hirawat: And thank you, Olivia, for the question on PRMT5. Certainly, again, very much further along on that one. Phase 1 trial continues on. What we will be presenting data is the responses that have been seen across multiple different tumor types. So really looking forward to presenting that data as we plan to initiate the Phase 2 studies in a couple of indications, which we will talk about more as we get closer to the initiation of those trials in selected patients, of course, with MTAP deletions.
Tim Power: Thanks. And let's go to the next one, please, Rocco.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Steve Chesney with Redburn Atlantic. Please go ahead.
Steve Chesney: Yeah, great. Thank you. Maybe just a follow-up on radiopharma, please. With regard to the commercial opportunity for RYZ101 and GEP-NET, I wonder how competitor filings of an ANDA and a 505(b)(2) for Lutathera impacts your thinking on pricing for innovators in the space? And then also on KarXT, we've seen a couple of competitor data sets over the past month or two that showed relapses at a fairly early time point and somewhat lower-than-expected response rates. Just wondering how you guys have been thinking about that as it relates to KarXT, whether you have more confidence in your construct or are you doing something differently on dosing? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Adam, then Samit.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, first, let me just talk about our enthusiasm about RayzeBio and the platform that we have here. We believe this is a really exciting platform, one that's going to grow significantly through the back end of the decade. And what particularly excites us about Rayze is the kind of robust IND engine that we'll see over the course of the next decade or plus as well as what we know is a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility that has been forward. Now the lead program in RYZ101 in GEP-NET is, I think, a fairly modest commercial opportunity. However, when you look at this technology, particularly the Actinium-based radiopharmaceutical platform, this has the potential to have efficacy and safety across a host of solid tumor treatments. So as we've talked about, we are looking at this in small-cell lung cancer and potentially many other tumor types. So we look forward to launching the GEP-NET indication that will be the lead asset and well -- as well as a number of new INDs coming in the back half of the decade and beyond.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. And thank you, Adam. And just to talk about CD19 NEX-T there are a couple of things to understand. Number one, we have two studies ongoing. The first study enrolls patients not only with far advanced systemic lupus erythematosus, but also systemic sclerosis as well as myositis. The second study is enrolling patients with multiple sclerosis. Now it's very important to understand the profile of the patients that are being enrolled. These are patients who have far advanced disease. They are on glucocorticoids, immunosuppressants, immunomodulators. And these patients may also have underlying organ dysfunction such as renal failure and kidney damage. So as we think about the impact of these single-infusion CAR-cell therapies, what are we trying to achieve? We're trying to achieve a remission in the sense that patients can go off of their treatments such as glucocorticoids and immunosuppressants. What one does not expect at this time at least that we can revert the damaged kidney to a normal state because kidney doesn't grow by itself. So I think we have to keep that in mind as we look at the data and we're looking forward to bring that data as we look to the presentation of these patients that we are treating today.
Tim Power: Great. Thanks, Samit. Let's go to the next one, please.
Operator: Absolutely. Our next question today comes from James Shin with DB. Please go ahead.
James Shin: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. A couple more on the pipeline. Just to piggyback on PRMT5 readout later this year, can you shed some light on the data size, which data points to expect? And are you thinking this will be disclosed via conference setting? And then similar to that about CD19 NEX-T, how will that be read out? And then I think another question, our previous question talked about some of the negotiation dynamics in immunology. A lot of these CDMs are getting into biosimilars. Has that changed negotiation dynamics at all in your early interactions? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Samit and Adam.
Tim Power: Yeah. And I think your question, you're breaking up a bit, James. I think you were asking about disclosure for?
Samit Hirawat: PRMT5 and CD19.
Tim Power: Exactly.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. So both of these molecules, we are looking forward to presenting the data this year, certainly through a medical conference for both of them. For PRMT5, all the patients that have been enrolled, we are looking forward to bring the dose overall safety and where we've seen responses. And certainly, that will be the data that we will be presenting. For KarXT, we're looking forward to presentation of the data for certainly SLE at an upcoming conference as well and then grow from there. We are obviously preparing and planning to have conversations with regulatory authorities as well to plan for later stages of development of this molecule.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. Just quickly on the biosimilar question, as I mentioned, in UC, yes, biosimilars do have a preferred position in first-line. However, in respect to the PSO market, we are continuing to work with payers to understand the dynamics there. But we have not heard or seen PBMs move to a biosimilar first approach. The reason for that largely is the fact in PSO, products like Humira and Stelara do not have a dominant position in that space. So we would not expect biosimilars, at least in the near term to take on a preferred position.
Tim Power: Thanks, Adam. Let's go to the next one, please.
Operator: Absolutely. Our next question today comes from Kripa Devarakonda with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Kripa Devarakonda: Hey, guys, thank you so much for taking my question and congrats on the quarter performance. I have one question on Camzyos and maybe a question on IRA. Camzyos, in terms of patients added per quarter, it seems like we're starting to see a little bit of acceleration. I know last couple of quarters, you said you thought of reaching steady state. Do you think this is just noise or could this be a trend going forward? Are you seeing awareness and understanding of the drug increase uptake? And the other thing on IRA is actually a little bit more futuristic maybe. Do you see any potential impact on IRA implementation depending on result of the November election? Could there be any change? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: So Adam, and then I'll take your IRA question.
Adam Lenkowsky: Kripa, yeah, thanks for the question. And we've seen steady and consistent growth from Camzyos. And as David mentioned, we saw approximately 1,300 patient increase on commercial drug quarter-over-quarter. We expect that to be steady and consistent growth over time. Physician and patient feedback continues to remain very positive. Our focus is increasing our user base, both in the large COEs, while also increasing breadth of prescribing in some of the smaller institutions and some of the larger community practices. In fact, we'll be deploying additional community representatives. These are Eliquis representatives into the community of cardiology account to drive treatment. So we're seeing good momentum with Camzyos and we're pleased with the performance of this very important product.
Tim Power: And I know we're running over time maybe for two more here. So maybe go to the next one, please.
Operator: And yes, sir. And our next question today comes from Sean McCutcheon with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Sean McCutcheon: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking over it -- thank you for taking my question. Maybe one for Samit. So we're going to get the Oceanic AF data at ESC in about a month. Obviously, Librexia AF is ongoing and time will tell if there are any distinctions from the rapid failure we saw for Asundexian. But and likely insufficient dose-finding in Pacific as noted, but what are the specifics you're looking for read through on the mechanism for those data? And do you see any risk to getting data that come in that clearly shows sufficient inhibition of Factor XIa activity, do you have a detriment on stroke prevention? Thanks.
Chris Boerner: And before Samit answers, I just want to address the second part of Kripa's question just very quickly around patient. Obviously, we're going to continue to follow the election in the United States, it's difficult to speculate on how things will change from a policy standpoint with any given administration just simply because it's not just a Presidential Election, but it's also you have to look at the composition of Congress. So I think we're just going to have to continue to pay attention to this over time. But Samit, do you want to address?
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for the question as well. Look, I think let's start off with the first fact that when we started the Milvexian program, it was based on the prior learnings from the Phase 2 studies. That's why we chose the doses that we chose that for a single agent at a higher dose of 100 milligrams BID, whereas the 25 milligram BID where there was a background of antiplatelet agents. Second, independent investigators have now conducted preclinical work to show the differentiation between Asundexian versus Milvexian, showing the inhibition and the time it takes and the doses that are required for real inhibition of Factor XIa. And so that gives us a little bit more confidence in terms of how things are going -- are shaping up. Third, for AF, secondary stroke prevention as well as ACS, the enrollment continues very well in these three trials and we're looking forward to those readouts. Last thing I would say is when the data are presented, we certainly would like to see the number of events that happened, what time they happened and the impact of the dose that was used that will all be very helpful as we think about Milvexian.
Tim Power: Great. Thanks. And let's go to the last one, please, Rocco.
Operator: Absolutely. Our final question today comes from Alex Hammond of BofA. Please go ahead.
Alexandria Hammond: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. So following Camzyos' strong performance this quarter and the REMS registry data at ACC. Can you set expectations for potential REMS modification moving forward? And do you think having the results from the ODYSSEY study reading out early next year will provide a favorable time to reengage with the FDA? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Samit.
Samit Hirawat: So I think as -- thank you for the question, as both David and Adam said earlier, thousands of patients have now been treated with Camzyos and certainly, we've learned a lot and we see the manageable profile here as well as the transformational outcomes that these patients have and stay on treatment for a very long time with 80% of the patients being treated with 2.5 and 5 milligram doses. We continue our conversations with the FDA. I will not get into the specifics. And certainly now that we have pulled in the readout of the non-obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy study about six months in with a readout now expected in 2Q next year, we will certainly have multiple engagements with the FDA on that front as well.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Samit. So before we close the call, maybe I'll just leave you all with a few things. We are pleased with the performance of the business and in particular, the growth portfolio performance where revenues grew nicely in the first half and now represent, as David said earlier, 46% of the total business. At the same time, our pipeline continues to advance with new medicines and we look forward to important catalysts coming up like the KarXT launch and a number of data readouts in the coming months. So overall, I'd say we've executed well in the quarter. We feel good about the full year and are raising our outlook accordingly. It's certainly going to be a busy back half of the year and we're focused as a team and as a company on driving strong execution. So thank you all for your time today and the Investor Relations team is certainly available to answer any follow-up questions that you may have. Have a nice weekend.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Power, Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Timothy Power: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our first quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Chris Boerner, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Adam Lenkowsky, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you'll note, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can use to follow along with for Chris and David's remarks.  
 Before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statement. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. 
 These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. 
 And with that, I'll hand it over to Chris. 
Christopher Boerner: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Q1 was a busy quarter for us and a good start to 2024. Starting on Slide 4, and knowing what an active quarter we had, I wanted to start by telling you how we think about our performance across four dimensions.
 First, the performance of our commercial portfolio was good and broadly in line with our expectations, even with some products impacted by inventory or gross to nets. Second, we made solid progress advancing our pipeline. Third, we closed four import transactions that strengthened our long-term growth profile during Q1. And fourth, we're taking decisive actions to improve productivity. 
 Taken together, Q1 performance was broadly aligned to our internal expectations. And importantly, there is no change to the underlying business outlook we provided in February. As you know, we've included the accounting impact of the recently closed transactions in our non-GAAP EPS guidance.  
 Let's turn to Slide 5 for some details. I'll start with some highlights on commercial performance. We've seen real strength across key brands, including Eliquis, Opdualag, Reblozyl, Yervoy and Breyanzi. And though the BCMA space remains competitive, our objective is to return Abecma to growth over time with the KarMMa-3 approval as we move into a larger patient population.  
 Turning to Opdivo, Camzyos and SOTYKTU. What's important about all three brands is that demand grew while revenue was impacted by other factors such as inventory and gross to nets. Today, we are seeing the inventory patterns for Opdivo and Camzyos normalizing. And for SOTYKTU, we're steadily building commercial script volume as access continues to improve this year. David will give you more details, but taken together, the commercial performance in Q1 is in line with our expectation and sets us up for the year.  
 Second, we made important progress advancing our pipeline. This includes two important cell therapy approvals, the initiation of new registration trials and important proof-of-concept data for Opdualag in lung cancer from a prespecified analysis of our Phase II during Q1. We're looking forward to starting a Phase III registrational trial versus standard of care in a segment consisting of about 20% to 30% of non-small cell lung cancer patients. 
 And not on this slide, but important for patients is milvexian, which has the potential to be the only oral Factor XIa medicine in AFib and ACS. The trials are continuing following the most recent DSMB review with enrollment accelerating. 
 Third, we closed four important deals during the quarter. Across all four, we have added assets, capabilities and expertise that strengthen our ability to drive long-term growth as we exit the 2020s. Our team is driving performance of Krazati, the Rayze radioligand plant in Indiana is now operational. We're in the process of filing an application to supply clinical product for RYZ101 from the site. SystImmune's first-in-class bispecific ADC is advancing into global clinical trials in tumors, including lung and over time, breast cancer. And we are very excited about the potential of KarXT from Karuna, which I will review on Slide 6.  
 The team is on track and focused on two objectives: First, launch preparations are underway and on track for KarXT; second, we are executing against a robust clinical program for this important asset. On this slide, you can see the significant unmet need in schizophrenia and highlights of data recently presented for KarXT. These data demonstrate its compelling long-term efficacy as KarXT was associated with significant improvements in symptoms of schizophrenia across all efficacy measures without evidence of metabolic or movement disorder side effects. 
 This reinforces the very attractive profile for this medicine as an important advancement for patients and a significant commercial opportunity for the company. Underpinning our efforts to navigate this decade is an enhanced focus on driving operational productivity and efficiency, and we have made some notable progress already this year. 
 Let's go to Slide 7. At a company level, we have clearly identified brands and programs that are most critical to both near and latter half of the decade performance. Across the organization, we have initiated efforts to delayer and streamline decision-making. And within R&D, we are optimizing the portfolio to focus our internal efforts on higher ROI programs. These are programs with compelling science, significant commercial value and in therapeutic categories where BMS is positioned and resourced to win. As a result of these actions, we anticipate cost savings of approximately $1.5 billion by the end of 2025, which will allow us to reinvest in high priority growth brands and R&D programs. 
 With our heightened focus on improving productivity and efficiencies, we're strengthening the company's long-term growth profile. This is a snapshot of what has been a very busy start to the year. And while we clearly have more work to do this year, we're off to a good start.
 Let me close on Slide 8. Overall, our business outlook remains unchanged. We remain confident that we will deliver top line growth for the year consistent with what we communicated in February. And our underlying non-GAAP EPS forecast has also remained unchanged. 
 We are taking important actions to effectively manage the decade. Our management team is focused on ensuring the disciplined execution required to deliver both this year and set us up for the longer term. I want to thank the employees of BMS, including new team members from our recent acquisitions for their contributions and commitment to delivering for patients.  
 Let me now hand it over to David. David? 
David Elkins: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. As Chris highlighted, we're off to a good start to the year with top line growth as shown on Slide 10. As a reminder, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are made from the same period in 2023 and sales growth rates will be discussed on an underlying basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.
 Building our momentum coming out of last year, we're executing against our plan to drive our growth portfolio, which delivered approximately 11% sales increase in the first quarter compared to the prior year and now represents approximately 40% of our total revenue. This growth was broad-based, with most growth brands recording significant increases in the quarter. Our legacy portfolio also contributed to overall sales growth in the quarter, with strong sales of Eliquis, which remains an important cash flow generator for the company.  
 Now turning to the first quarter performance of our key brands, and starting with oncology on Slide 11. On this slide, you can see the impact of our strategy and broadening our I-O franchise and expanding in new targeted solid tumor therapies. Global sales of Opdivo were impacted by inventory work down and timing of orders in the U.S., partially offset by demand growth. As we said in the past, we expect to see growth at a more modest pace than 2024.  
 And Opdualag, a standard of care treatment in first-line melanoma, generated strong quarterly sales with U.S. sales growth primarily driven by strong market share. We are very encouraged by the future expansion potential of Opdualag, not only in adjuvant melanoma, but also in our plans to develop it in first-line lung cancer. This, along with the anticipated launch of our Opdivo subcutaneous formulation next year, we will extend our I-O franchise well into the next date. Our targeted solid tumor therapies expanded with the addition of Krazati after the completion of Mirati acquisition in late January.  
 Our reported sales represent a partial quarter. And on a pro forma basis, Krazati global sales in Q1 were approximately $27 million, primarily in the U.S. With recent conditional marketing approval by the European Commission, we look forward to bringing Krazati to more patients towards the end of the year. Augtyro's first quarter performance reflects positive early sales trends. We remain focused on driving awareness and penetration based upon its potential best-in-class profile.
 Now moving to Slide 12 and our cardiovascular franchise. Eliquis remains the market-leading oral anticoagulant worldwide. Q1 sales in the U.S. grew 12%, primarily due to strong demand, including increased market share. Internationally, sales were roughly in line with prior year. Camzyos generated strong sales in the quarter, nearly tripling its performance versus Q1 of last year. 
 In the U.S., sales were driven by demand growth including an almost 25% increase in commercial dispenses since Q4 of 2023. Sequentially, U.S. sales of Camzyos were impacted by the inventory dynamics of approximately $20 million and gross to net impacts from the typical copay reset at the start of the new year. We expect the momentum of Camzyos to continue, supported by the compelling real-world evidence in over 1,500 patients presented earlier this month at ACC.  
 Let's now turn to Slide 13 and discuss our hematology business. Our legacy brand, Revlimid, saw sales decline in the first quarter. Utilization of free drug program normalized in the quarter. We continue to anticipate variability in Revlimid sales quarter-to-quarter based upon historic dispensing patterns in specialty pharmacies. As anticipated, there is an increased volumes of U.S. generics starting in March.
 Turning to Reblozyl, growth in the quarter was driven primarily by the strong U.S. launch of the broader commands label and first-line MDS. International sales growth benefited from the new market launches, and we look forward to bringing Reblozyl to more patients with the recent first-line approvals in the EU and Japan.  
 In cell therapy portfolio, global Breyanzi sales growth reflected the strength of the clinical profile and improved manufacturing capacity. Consistent with what we previously communicated, starting in Q2, we expect Breyanzi to benefit from the recent new indications and expanded manufacturing capacity.
 With Abecma, U.S. performance in the quarter was impacted by ongoing competitive pressures. Future demand will benefit from the recent KarMMa-3 approval, which expands the addressable patient population. Internationally, Abecma demand growth was offset by unfavorable pricing pressures to secure access. 
 Now moving to immunology on Slide 14. Zeposia sales in the quarter were primarily due to demand of new patient starts in multiple sclerosis. SOTYKTU sales performed in line with our expectation. During the quarter, we delivered on our goal of achieving roughly 10,000 commercially paid prescriptions. Sales in the quarter reflected increased demand and expanded commercial access. In addition, we expect to add another large PBM later this year that will expand access coverage by approximately 30 million lives.
 Now turning to Slide 15. I will walk you through the remainder of our P&L, and my comments will be on a non-GAAP basis. As expected, gross margin decreased compared to the prior year, primarily due to product mix. Excluding acquired in-process R&D, first quarter operating expenses increased mainly due to the impact of the recent acquisitions and higher cost to support the overall portfolio. We expect this growth to be mitigated later in the year through savings and productivity initiatives I will speak to shortly.
 Other income and expense declined as expected in the first quarter, primarily due to lower PD-1 royalty rate and the financing costs associated with the recent transactions. Acquired in-process R&D in the quarter was $12.9 billion, primarily due to the previously disclosed onetime charge of $12.1 billion for the Karuna transaction and $800 million for SystImmune. Our tax rate in the quarter was impacted by the onetime nondeductible in-process R&D charge for Karuna.  
 Before the impact of acquired in-process R&D, our first quarter earnings would have been $1.89. Taking into account the impact from the recent transactions, including acquired in-process R&D, we reported an earnings per share loss of $4.40.  
 Now moving to the balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 16. Cash flow from operations remained strong with approximately $2.8 billion generated in the quarter, resulting in approximately $10 billion in cash and cash equivalents and marketable debt securities on hand as of March 31. 
 Our strategic approach to capital allocation remains unchanged. We are committed to the dividend. And as we said previously, we plan to utilize our cash flow to repay approximately $10 billion of debt over the next 2 years. And we remain financially disciplined around business development to further strengthen the company's long-term growth profile.
 Next, let's turn to Slide 17 to discuss our productivity initiative. As Chris described earlier, we have taken action to increase productivity and efficiency and focus our efforts on the assets and opportunities with the highest potential ROI and those most likely to drive our long-term growth. As part of this process, we are making deliberate choices to prioritize the assets that will have the greatest clinical benefit to impact areas of high unmet need and where we can deliver the most value for patients. 
 We will disproportionately invest in higher-return opportunities, which improves our portfolio ROI and strengthens our growth profile in the second half of the decade. After a thoughtful process, we have made the decision to discontinue and externalize several clinical assets. We anticipate cost savings from these actions of approximately $1.5 billion by the end of 2025, thereby absorbing the incremental OpEx expense from the recent deals. These cost savings will come from across the organization and include reductions in direct clinical expense, site rationalization and elimination of open roles and reduction in headcount. As we realize these savings, we will reinvest in the highest potential opportunities.
 Now turning to Slide 18. I'll walk through the impact of our recently closed acquisition on our EPS guidance. As you can see on this slide, if you take our previously stated non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $7.10 to $7.40 from February and include the previously stated impact of deal dilution and the onetime impact of acquired in-process R&D, our revised range continues to reflect the strong outlook of the business as we told you in February.
 Now let's walk through the details of our guidance on Slide 19, starting with revenue. As is our practice, we provide revenue guidance on a reported basis as well as on an underlying basis, which assumes currency remains consistent with prior year. We continue to expect 2024 total revenues to increase in the low single-digit range at reported rates as well as excluding foreign exchange. This reflects our confidence in the growing momentum of our growth portfolio, including products such as Opdivo, Reblozyl, Breyanzi, Camzyos and SOTYKTU. And as a reminder, the sotatercept royalty will be included in the other growth revenue line. 
 We continue to expect gross margin to be approximately 74%. And as we saw last year, we should see a sequential dip in Q2 related to our sales mix. Excluding acquired in-process R&D, we continue to expect our total operating expenses to increase in the low single-digit range, reflecting incremental costs associated with the recent acquisitions, partially offset by the realization of internal savings through the productivity initiatives I mentioned earlier.  
 Given the timing of the deal closures, we expect to come in at the upper end of our guidance range with an expected step-up in Q2 and the remaining OpEx to be more evenly spread across the back half of the year. We remain aligned with our previous operating margin to target at least 37% through next year.  
 For OI&E, we now expect approximately $250 million of expense primarily reflecting the debt financing costs from Karuna and RayzeBio. The tax rate was affected by onetime nondeductible expense of the Karuna acquired and processed R&D charge, which impacted our non-GAAP net income. Excluding this impact, the estimated underlying tax rate in the quarter was about 19.5%. And as a result, we now see full year underlying tax rate of about 18%.  
 Before we move to Q&A, let me take a minute to read some of the key highlights on our call today. We grew the top line, we advanced the pipeline, and we are executing our productivity initiative and our expectations for the underlying strength of the business remains unchanged from the beginning of the year. Finally, I'd like to recognize our BMS employees around the world for their unwavering hard work and commitment as we continue to make progress in strengthening the company's long-term growth profile and bringing truly transformational medicines to patients. 
 With that, I'll now turn the call over to Tim for Q&A. 
Timothy Power: Thanks, David. Can we go to the first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. 
Geoffrey Meacham: Just had one for Chris or maybe for David. On the cost savings, how much would you say was legacy Bristol, either workforce or facilities versus optimizing integration of all your recent deals? I guess I'm trying to get a sense for whether you think there's further optimization to come as you guys focus on the new launch portfolio. 
Christopher Boerner: Jeff, I'll let David answer that. 
David Elkins: Yes. Thanks, Jeff, for the question. The majority of the savings come from the historical BMS. As we talked about, the main drivers of the $1.5 billion savings really came into three buckets. First was really looking at the portfolio, obviously, with the Mirati, Karuna and with RayzeBio, we have really important portfolios that we're bringing into the overall portfolio. That gave us the opportunity to look at that and maximize the ROI of -- in totality of the portfolio as well as adjusting for some updates on new data and the competitiveness.
 The second thing that we really looked at for legacy BMS is how do we become more agile, quicker decision-making and streamline the organization by removing layers of management so decisions can be more quickly. And there, we talked about the roughly 2,200 impacted employees as a result of those changes. 
 And then lastly, we went through all of our third-party relationships, continuing to look for efficiencies in third-party service providers, and that was the last category. And a lot of those activities are also legacy BMS. So the vast majority of the savings are coming from our in-house existing operations. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Shibutani with Goldman Sachs. 
Chris Shibutani: Obviously, a lot of moving parts operationally, strategically. I think investors have been keen to get a sense for how you're thinking about potentially a trough level of earnings. I think the notion that there might be some visibility into where you could begin to see some growth, and I know in your vocabulary, you mused about exiting the decade and into the next. Help us with where you are with that thinking since we haven't had that clarity with all the moving parts. But how are you thinking about the potential to communicate that kind of timeline and model? 
Christopher Boerner: Okay. Chris, I'll take that one. And I think there, embedded in that question, maybe two things. First is how we're thinking about how we're going to guide around this trough and then there's maybe a second question in there, which is when we think we'll see that trough and what's the timing of it. 
 With respect to the first question, look, we've been engaging with investors on this topic over the last number of months. A bit of context here, given the industry dynamics, we -- certainly, I believe companies in this industry need to be judicious with respect to providing long-term guidance. But we get why you are asking the question here, because it's something that we're going to need to continue to engage with investors on to strike the right balance in terms of how we think about providing guidance on this topic.  
 One uncertainty that we know that's related to this question, though, is the impact of IRA on Eliquis. And once that price is public, and remember, that's going to happen in the September time frame, we'll provide the impact of Eliquis both on the top line as well as on EPS. 
 In terms of how we think about the timing of the trough, based on our current plans, we start to see an impact in 2026. And then as we said earlier in the year, we anticipate to be returning to growth before the end of the decade. And then obviously, we're clearly focused on accelerating both the timing and the pace of growth in the back half of the decade, and that's going to influence timing as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Schott with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Schott: Just a two-parter, coming back to the restructuring. I guess the first part is, is the redeployment of savings going to be mostly focused on the R&D side or on SG&A? And just related to that, in terms of investment in the growth drivers, it seems like elements such as payer dynamics and competitive launches are impacting uptake of some of the new launch assets. So I'm just interested in which products do you see having the greatest potential for improvement with further investment, and how you, I guess, balanced SG&A versus either further R&D or just dropping some of those savings to the bottom line as you're considering kind of how to redeploy that $1.5 billion. 
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Chris. Let me just say a couple of words and then I'll turn it over to David for the first part of your question, then Adam can come in on the back end. First, as David mentioned, when we thought about these efficiencies, we were really thinking along three lines: the need to invest in the pipeline; ensuring that we had adequate investment for our growth products; and then needing to be more agile and focused as an organization. In terms of how we think about allocating those redeployment opportunities, I would say, generally speaking, they're in that order with the majority going back into R&D. 
 But David, do you want to start? 
David Elkins: And yes, Chris, thanks for the question. The way to think about it, about 2/3 of the savings associated in the R&D area and about 1/3 is in MS&A. But importantly, if you really think about the acquisitions that we've just done, if you think about Mirati and Krazati, in particular, really important development programs in first-line lung, both the doublet as well as the triplet.
 And then if you think about Karuna, and Adam can talk further about this, we see multiple indications -- billion-dollar indications in this space. We talked about schizophrenia, the adjuvant schizophrenia as well is moving into Alzheimer's with agitation and psychosis. So there's significant investments that you have to make there.
 And then if you think about radioligand and RayzeBio, we see multiple INDs being able to come out of this. We're also -- we finished the manufacturing facility in Indianapolis. We're going to be able to supply our clinical studies out of that. So significant investments in those three areas, which through all of that as well as reprioritizing our existing BMS portfolio, what we've been able to do is increase the ROI of the portfolio. But just as importantly, we increased the growth profile of the company in the second half of the decade.
 So there's a lot of work that's going under the surface in order to continue to maximize the value of the portfolio and strengthen the growth profile of the company. Adam? 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Chris, thanks for the question. So we're making good progress across the totality of our growth portfolio. As David shared, we saw strong year-on-year demand growth across the majority of our growth products. And we continue to be focused on accelerating our key brands. And we're doing what we said we would do as we continue to drive our growth portfolio.  
 So just a few of the products that I think is important to mention. Opdualag has become a new standard of care in first-line metastatic melanoma, grew 76%. Reblozyl continue to deliver strong performance post first-line. COMMANDS approval grew over 70% as well.  
 We have increased investment at the end of last year behind products like SOTYKTU, Breyanzi and Camzyos. Camzyos continues to demonstrate strong growth. We had 25% growth of new patients added on to commercial drug quarter-over-quarter. Breyanzi, we also increased our investment. We're a much stronger supply position today than we were last year and increasingly being recognized as a best-in-class CAR-T. And as David mentioned, we're readying for the launch of KarXT in September, which is a very significant multibillion-dollar opportunity.
 I would say that a product like Abecma has been more challenging for us. But we have an opportunity now with the KarMMa-3 approval to work to return Abecma to growth over time as we move into a larger patient population. But adding it all up, we continue to make good progress in delivering strong commercial execution and performance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Seigerman with BMO. 
Evan Seigerman: Kind of a follow-up to what we've been talking about. So when you talk about the cost savings being reinvested, do you mean that you're going to manage your margins by titrating the reinvestment of the cost savings? Are you going to deploy the $1.5 billion kind of informed by the science or potential for growth? 
 And then a follow-up, as you mentioned you're going to discontinue and externalize several clinical assets. Any commentary as to which ones you're thinking about? That would be great. 
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Evan. We'll have David start, and then Samit. 
David Elkins: Yes. Thank you, Evan. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're looking at our operating margins as we previously communicated in that 37% range. So that $1.5 billion of savings that we'll achieve by the end of next year, that's being reinvested both in the portfolio as I described earlier, particularly with the acquisitions that we did. But we've also had good progress like Opdualag lung where we're going to continue those clinical studies as well. And all of that put together, as I was saying, really strengthens not only the ROI, but the growth profile of the business in the second half of the decade. And I'll turn it over to Samit on the assets that we're looking at to externalize. 
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you, David. And just to build on what David said, from a pipeline perspective, we took a very thoughtful approach to see -- from our rich pipeline, what are the assets that we are not going to be continuing on our own. So first thing that we looked at is the evolving science from the ongoing exploration of our clinical assets. An example over there where we look at CTLA-4 in our pipeline that we were developing, we had set the bar with ipilimumab, which is already a high bar to then look at the data and then we decided that if the data are not going to be better than ipilimumab, we shouldn't be continuing that program, so we decided not to continue with that.
 Similarly, when we looked at external and internal data for the SIRP alpha program, that did not meet the muster, and we wanted to look at the real return on that investment as well for patients. And so we are not going to continue that program. 
 The second way we looked at it is that the science may be really good. Data evolution is really good, but does it really make sense from -- for a company our size to continue a program if it's not going to be ultimately a growth driver. So from that perspective, if you think about BET 158, where the data are pretty good in myelofibrosis, but really, from our perspective, does not meet the threshold to be a driver for our growth potential. So that program, we are not going to be continuing. 
 And then, of course, we continue to look at our desire to be either first-in-class or best-in-class product profile. So from that perspective, we continue to focus on what we will continue versus not. Overall, I would say, Evan, that we have about -- discontinued about 12 programs at this time. But it's a continuum. And so throughout the year, we'll continue to look at these same principles and see what else we need to take out from our pipeline and either externalize it or not be able to develop it further. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim Securities. 
Seamus Fernandez: So just wanted to check in on your thoughts around IRA and the impacts associated with that as we approach 2026 in particular. And if you might be able to provide us any color on progress or process in the "negotiations" or price fixing that may come from the U.S. government. 
 And then just the second question, hoping you might comment, help frame for us the Opdualag opportunity in lung cancer and when we might gain some incremental visibility on that. Is it going to be more from clinical trials hitting clinicaltrials.gov, and we'll get some information in that regard first? Or will we actually see the data in this potential subset? 
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the question, Seamus. Maybe I'll start, have Adam weigh in a little bit more on IRA. With respect to the ongoing discussions with CMS, we're not going to be commenting. As I said earlier, we will have the outcome of that public in September and we'll be able to provide more insight at that point. But Adam, you can speak to some of the other aspects of IRA and then Samit. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Thank you, Chris and Seamus, thanks for the question. As it relates to IRA, there are obviously multiple components to it. There's the negotiation. There's also the change in the Part D benefit design. So in 2024, we don't anticipate significant impact across our portfolio, across Eliquis, Revlimid or other brands. We do expect, though, more substantial changes to the Part D benefit next year since the products are impacted by the redesign. We are carefully evaluating each product individual dynamics now and we'll see into the future. And we're monitoring very closely to understand the impact of, for example, out-of-pocket caps and other shifts that are happening in the system. 
 So as we move from a $3,500 cap to a $2,000 cap, we would expect to see more patients' ability to fill their medicines and improve as it becomes lower at the pharmacy counter. But obviously, we'll need to do more -- see more data before we can provide additional details. 
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Adam. And then thanks, Seamus, for the question. For Opdualag, let's just take a step back and understand what we were planning to do and try to do. So for Opdualag, we conducted a study of Opdualag plus chemotherapy in first-line non-small cell lung cancer. At first, we wanted to define the dose. So we tested a couple of doses in the first part of the study. And in the second part of the study, then we randomize the patient to receive Opdualag plus chemotherapy versus nivolumab plus chemotherapy.
 And as we have said before, what we wanted to understand, is the drug applicable for all patients? Or are we going to find a differential activity in a subset of patients? And what we have said is we have found a subgroup of patients where the drug's activity is good and encourages us to now go into a Phase III trial. And so we are looking forward to presenting the data in the second half of this year as well as initiating the trial versus standard of care in the second half of this year. And we are planning that, we'll be executing that. As soon as we have that ready, you will be hearing about it. 
 In addition to that, Opdualag, is of course, other opportunities. As you know, we are already waiting for the data for the adjuvant melanoma trial and we're looking forward to the data evolution towards the back end of this year in first-line hepatocellular carcinoma as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley. 
Terence Flynn: Maybe a two-part for me on the CAR-T franchise. David, I think you mentioned something about Abecma ex-U.S. pricing dynamics, some change there to help boost access. Can you just provide a little bit more detail if that was a one-off in a specific country or what's going on there? 
 And then on Breyanzi, Gilead has talked more recently about moving in the U.S. out to some of these secondary community hospitals as they think about expanding, particularly in the second-line label indication. And so is that something that you guys are considering as well? Or do you feel pretty good about your current footprint for Breyanzi at the primary academic hospitals? 
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Terence. I'll let Adam take both of those. 
Adam Lenkowsky: So as it relates to Breyanzi, what we saw in the quarter was we were able to stabilize the decline in the U.S. Sales were roughly flat versus last quarter. What you're referring to internationally is we did see strong demand growth, which we expect to continue, but that demand growth was offset by negative pricing skewing reimbursement, mainly in Germany. So that's where that took place. 
 And now with KarMMa-3, it gives us the opportunity to have a different conversation with our customers about our data in a larger patient population. And our objective is to return Abecma to growth over time as we move into this larger patient population. 
 Now for Breyanzi, we're very excited about this product. In Q1, we increased sales over 50% versus the prior year. We anticipate robust growth this year, because not only just in accelerated growth in DLBCL, as Breyanzi is increasingly recognized as the best-in-class CD19, we also expect to see expanded indications. We just received approval in the U.S. for CLL and with additional approvals anticipated next month in follicular lymphoma and mantle cell lymphoma. And this is going to roughly double the addressable market for Breyanzi. 
 We're also very encouraged by our expanded manufacturing capacity and now in a much stronger position to meet demand. We're seeing about 20% outpatient use today for Breyanzi, and we expect that to continue based on the differentiated safety profile. So taken together, we're very excited about the growth profile of Breyanzi. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Anderson at Wolfe Research. 
Adam Jolly: This is Adam on for Tim at Wolfe Research. So just on SOTYKTU, can you give us some updated market share metrics, things like new-to-brand share or versus Otezla in the oral category percent use in first-line versus later lines, that sort of thing? And also, any details on when the free drug program might begin to wind down? 
Christopher Boerner: Sure. I'll take that, Adam. Thanks for the question. So we're continuing to make progress with SOTYKTU, and we're executing our plan. We delivered in the quarter what we said we would do, and that's reaching approximately 10,000 paid prescriptions. That's what we shared in January, and we expect to roughly double that to 20,000 paid prescriptions in Q4. So that's where we're focused on driving today. 
 Remember, we also said there would be an increase in gross to net due to broader rebating needed to secure improved access, and this impacted sales in Q1. But the volume that we'll see will more than offset that throughout the year. So we talked about improving our access position. And aside from the wins that we announced last year in CVS and Cigna and ESI, we saw access improvement with SOTYKTU, which was added to Optum. And as David mentioned, we do expect to announce additional improved formulary access including a large PBM with approximately 30 million lives. 
 So we remain focused on securing zero steps by 2025. And when you have that better access position, the need for a bridge becomes less and less important. And so basically, when you look at -- when you have better access, patients are moved faster into commercial product because they go directly to the specialty pharmacy. 
 As far as market share, look, this is a highly competitive market. We look at launch analogs at the top of the funnel or written prescriptions, and SOTYKTU performance is ahead of products like TREMFYA, COSENTYX at the same time ago launch. We are laser focused on share growth versus Otezla, which is a critical area of focus and becoming the oral standard of care in the market over time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Risinger with Leerink Partners. 
David Risinger: And thanks for all of the detailed perspectives that you're sharing. So I'm hoping that you can help with other income prospects in the future, including the look for AstraZeneca, other incomes, run rate and the anticipated step down in coming years. 
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Dave. David? 
David Elkins: Yes. So this year was the big step down in the PD-1 rate. And then the other thing impacting that is the diabetes that will step down next year as well. 
 The other thing to keep in mind, as I said in the prepared remarks is on the interest for the additional debt that we just did. That was the big change in the guidance that we just provided for this year, going from $250 million of OI&E income down to $250 million of expense. And the bulk of that is related to the additional interest cost, which is around $13 billion with 5.3% interest rate. And that's slightly offset by the royalty income. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. 
Mohit Bansal: I actually want to probe the trough guidance comment a little bit further. It does seem like that you are considering it. But if that is the case, can you talk a little bit about the puts and takes there regarding timing of such guidance? I'm asking because it depends on when you think the trough is, if it is '26 or '28. Because, I mean, you might not want to provide if it is '28, but just now because it is still a little bit uncertain regarding the timing of it. So what are the puts and takes regarding the timing of it when you eventually decide to provide it? 
Christopher Boerner: Yes. So maybe I'll start and then David can chime in if he has any additional -- anything else that he would like to provide. I think the way we're thinking about the trough guidance, and again, it's something that we have been engaged with investors for the last number of months. I think the way I would think about it is, first and foremost, probably the underlying question on guidance right now is what is the impact of IRA on Eliquis. We will, as I said earlier, be in a position in September when the price for Eliquis coming out of the IRA process is known and public, at that point, to talk about what that price is and the impact of -- on Eliquis on both the top line as well as on EPS.
 And then in terms of how we're thinking about the timing of the trough, again, and we said this back at the beginning of the year, we see the impact starting in 2026 and our plan is to be growing by the end of this decade. David, anything else you would add? 
David Elkins: I think you covered it, Chris. 
Operator: Our next question is from Carter Gould with Barclays. 
Carter L. Gould: I wanted to dig into Camzyos for a second. You did have data at ACC and sort of the current rate or the one with that seemed very positive. And just when you think about that REMS registry data and the potential to potentially get the REMS modified down the road, should we be reading into that data? Any level of confidence or anything on that front you want to message? 
 And I guess along those lines as well just, I believe housekeeping on -- did I hear a $20 million inventory impact in the quarter? I know that something was called on the slides, but I'm not sure that was quantified. Any help there would be great, too. 
Christopher Boerner: Yes. Thanks, Carter. Maybe Samit can start and then Adam. . 
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you, Carter, for the question. So for Camzyos, we remain obviously very confident in the overall profile of Camzyos. It has been a very transformational therapy for patients. And as you mentioned, the data at ACC clearly showed from the patients that have been treated in the real world that there is transformational outcome. And from a safety perspective, with 80% of the patients being treated, the 2.5- and the 5-milligram dose, the overall outcomes remain really, really positive as well as the impact on the ejection fraction is minimal at best.
 So certainly, it gives us an opportunity to collate that data and find the conversations continuing with the FDA at appropriate times. Remember, we've also got the nonobstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy study that we'll be reading out early next year. So that will provide another opportunity for us to also engage deeper into conversations for the REMS program as a whole and how we can bring this therapy to more patients as well as decrease the burden on the patients. 
 With that, let me pass it on to Adam to comment more. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Thanks for the question. We're pleased with Camzyos' performance in the quarter. And we saw a nice acceleration in new patient starts. We saw about a 25% increase in patients added to commercial dispense, but that was offset as you mentioned, by approximately $25 million inventory work down from Q4 to Q1. And we saw a slight gross to net impact as well from copay restart that happened at the beginning of the year.
 What we see from Camzyos is consistent positive feedback from physicians and patients. It's very positive. We're also making very good progress in the launch internationally as we work to secure reimbursement. So we're seeing good momentum for Camzyos and we feel good about the performance of this important product now until the end of the year, for sure. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Scala with TD Cowen. 
Steve Scala: This is a different version of earlier questions, but there are a number of potential obstacles in Bristol's future, Eliquis IRA price and patent expiration, Opdivo patent expiration, other patent expirations, et cetera. But based on your replies to those earlier questions, it sounds like that Bristol views the IRA price of Eliquis as the single biggest obstacle to profits in the next decade. Is that the conclusion that you'd like us to draw?
 And then the second question is that it was noted, Revlimid free drug was lower in Q1. Just to confirm, is that consistent with prior Revlimid guidance? And what is the reason it is lower? Was there just fewer patients requesting free drug? Or did Bristol change the terms? 
Christopher Boerner: So Steve, I'll start, and then I'll ask the last part of your question. We've highlighted the issue around the Eliquis price and the negotiations, because that is an important consideration in the midterm as we think about this sort of transition period that we're going through that we've talked about in the middle of the decade. And so we'll have greater insight into what that impact is later this year, and we'll be able to provide more of an estimate for the impact both on top line and on EPS as we get into the back half of the decade at that time.
 What I would say, though, as I step back, I mean, clearly, you've articulated that -- the importance of Eliquis. And as we've discussed in the past, we have a number of LOEs that we faced during the course of the decade. But I think it's important to note as well that we've talked a lot about the importance of the growth portfolio that we had. We saw nice double-digit growth with that portfolio in the quarter. 
 We actually are now -- about 40% of the overall business is comprised by that portfolio of products. And remember, this is a diversified portfolio of assets across each of our therapeutic areas, and we feel good about the potential of that portfolio going not only through the end of this year, but to be a catalyst for growth in the back half of the decade. And then we saw very nice progress with the pipeline over the course of the quarter. 
 So I think it's important to recognize that while IRA has an impact in the middle of the decade, we feel very good about being able to more than compensate for that with a very young and attractive growth profile coming from our growth portfolio and the pipeline. David? 
David Elkins: Steve, on your question around Revlimid, just a couple of comments I'll make on that. One is what I said is that the free drug programs come down to normal levels. So no change in the program there. Just throughout last year, those levels came down in the start of this year. Remember, every calendar year, it starts again, back at traditional levels. So that was in relation to that comment.
 The other thing as it relates to Revlimid is, as we said, there's no change to our guidance this year. As previously said, it was $1.5 billion to $2 billion step down this year and the same next year. So for this year, if you remember, we exited last year at $6 billion. So we'll be in that $4 billion to $4.5 billion is our best view this year and then a further step down next year. 
 So we'll be through the LOE of Revlimid basically at the end of next year. And then as Chris talked about, we'll get insight to what's happening with Eliquis from an IRA perspective when that price becomes public here in September. And recall that the LOE for Eliquis is in 2008. 
 And then lastly, the thing I'd say about from an LOE perspective as it relates to Opdivo, is that LOE is in December of 2028. So '29 is when that LOE would start. And then three things I'd say about that as we think about that franchise. One is we're looking forward to launching the subcutaneous formulation of that early next year. And we believe that will help that franchise continue into the next decade. I think you've heard Samit talk about Opdualag and that combination. We're really excited, number one, with its performance and standard of care in first-line melanoma, but also with the data that we're seeing in lung, we're really excited about continuing that program into Phase III and bringing that. And also, there's other tumor types that Opdualag will come in. 
 So as we think about that franchise, there's multiple avenues for that franchise to continue into the next decade. 
Christopher Boerner: Just adding one thing, Steve. Around Revlimid, we had seen some volatility in generic dispensing in the quarter, including some generic supply shortages. And so Revlimid and our legacy portfolio continues to be a strong source of cash flow for the organization. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Trung Huynh with UBS. 
Trung Huynh: Trung Huynh from UBS. Two from me, if that's okay. Just one on the cost saving program. How is that $1.5 billion split between this year and 2025? There's no change to your OpEx guide, but I think you noted savings were absorbed by the deals. Is 2024 the main year you'll see most of these costs realized? 
 And then just on Abecma, you have KarMMa-3 on the label now. You noted it's going to be important for growth. How quickly can we start to see that helping? Is it realistic to see an inflection immediately? 
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the question, Trung. David, then Adam. 
David Elkins: Yes, the vast majority of the savings comes through this year. Because if you think through the actions that we're taking, whether it's positions, the portfolio actions, we made those actions immediately and the third-party spend, we'll receive that. And then you have it annualize fully next year. So that's really the difference between '24 and '25. But it's safe to say that most of all the actions we're taking, 90% of those are being done this quarter. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Trung, as it relates to Abecma, we're certainly pleased with the regulatory approvals of KarMMa-3 in a triple class-exposed setting in the U.S., in Europe and in Japan. This will remain a very competitive space with multiple products and modalities available. Our focus is on educating physicians on the KarMMa-3 data, Abecma's differentiated and predictable safety profile as well as the manufacturing reliability that we've had with Abecma.
 We're also focused on expanding our site footprint in the U.S. and around the globe, making Abecma available to more patients. So we believe that there is a place for multiple assets in this market, and our objective is to return Abecma to growth over time as we move into a larger patient population. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Phipps with William Blair. 
Matthew Phipps: Adam, I was wondering if you can comment on -- is there any path to grow Opdualag in melanoma outside the United States? Or will additional data be needed?
 And then maybe for Samit. On KRYSTAL-12, I don't suppose you can give us any tidbits on trends and overall survival at this point. I know the study is ongoing there, but maybe, if not just confidence in that data set as it stands today being able to support full approval. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. I'll start. Thanks for the question. First, I'd say we're pleased with our continued progress as Opdualag has become the standard of care in the United States in first-line metastatic melanoma. We saw over 70% growth versus prior year. And our market share now is above 25% in the U.S., and we still have further room to grow penetrating what's still around 15% monotherapy use.
 It's exciting because we're also starting to launch internationally in markets like Australia, in Canada and Brazil as well as several European markets. We still have not had an opportunity to launch in Germany, but we are working on that negotiation. And we're hopeful that we have an opportunity to launch there sometime in the back end of this year and into next year.
 Additionally, as spoken earlier, we're very pleased to have the proof-of-concept study with LAG-3 on top of PD-L1s and chemo in first-line lung cancer. And when you add that up, coupled with opportunities with lung and adjuvant melanoma, Opdualag truly has the potential to meaningfully extend our I-O franchise well into the next decade. 
Samit Hirawat: And thank you for the question. If I think about KRYSTAL-12, remember, this is a study with a primary end point in progression-free survival. And you will see the data being presented at ASCO. Overall survival data remains immature at this time, so I will not be able to comment on the specifics of that. But really excited for the confirmation of the single-arm study previously done now with the randomized study here. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Brayer with Cantor Fitzgerald. 
Olivia Brayer: What does the commercial rollout strategy look like for KarXT as we look past that September PDUFA? And any thoughts around Medicaid negotiations? 
 And then when do you think we start to see some meaningful growth from that franchise, whether that's next year or more so in 2026? 
Christopher Boerner: Adam? 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Thanks for the question. So we're very excited about the opportunity to launch KarXT later this year. This is a very important drug with significant commercial potential. As we talked about, KarXT will be the first innovative therapy in schizophrenia approved for decades. And what we've shared is KarXT offers Zyprexa-like efficacy without the significant adverse event that's plagued the D2 such as weight gain, lipidemia, EPS. And we know how compelling this is for physicians. We are rapidly preparing for the launch and the plans are going well, and we will be ready to launch by the summer, well in advance of our PDUFA date. 
 We've been focused on prelaunch efforts and made very good progress preparing for the launch. So Karuna had made good progress in sourcing a very experienced commercial organization and our field medical and our access teams have already begun meaningful conversations with thought leaders and payers. Our prelaunch efforts today are focused on driving awareness of this new mechanism. We're currently building out a large neuroscience field sales organization. In fact, we've increased the investment across multiple fronts to maximize the opportunity that we have. 
 So we also need to ensure that physicians have a positive first experience. So we're focused on building our customer model to make sure that we have the optimal physician caregiver and patient support. And as you alluded to, we know that achieving rapid access is important. And so this is a largely Medicaid and Medicare opportunity, around 70%, and our access teams are ready today. We will leverage our large access organization to ensure rapid access for patients. Our teams have already been out and meeting with state Medicaid directors, and the feedback on the product profile has been very, very positive. 
 So over half of state Medicaid programs either have no step edits or a single step edit. So our goal is to improve the quality of access to only one step edit, which you know is going to take some time, but we're very confident in our ability to achieve quality access for this product. So given a September '26 PDUFA and some of the timelines to obtain broad Medicaid coverage, we effectively see this as a 2025 launch, but we're very excited about the potential of KarXT and we plan to make this a very big product for Bristol-Myers Squibb. 
Timothy Power: Thanks, Adam. We're starting to run a little short on time, maybe take 2 or 3 more. Can we go to the next one? 
Operator: Our next question comes from James Shin with Deutsche Bank. 
James Shin: I had a question on Opdualag Phase II for frontline multiple cell lung. I know the full data set is for readout in the second half, but can you share if what you've seen is any different or comparable to the other LAG-3 non-small cell data sets such as [ TACD ]? 
Samit Hirawat: Certainly, I can take that question. Look, obviously, I can't comment on what others have seen. All we know is they've seen six patients worth of data. Hard to compare six patients worth of data with more than 200 patients treated with Opdualag plus chemotherapy in the first-line setting. 
 What we have seen is overall review of our own data set, looking at the various endpoints that we looked at as well as the biomarkers we looked at in our [ profile ] and we remain confident in the profile of the drug to take it forward into the Phase III. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kripa Devarakonda with Truist Securities. 
Srikripa Devarakonda: I had a question about your acquisition of RayzeBio and now that you've got enablement and we're seeing -- it's getting to be very competitive. Just wanted to see what the urgency and what this strategy is to build out the radiopharma pipeline. And also, when can we see more details on what the priorities are and also regarding actinium production going live? 
Christopher Boerner: Well, let me start and then I'll ask Samit and Adam to speak. Let me just at a high level, though, say, that we continue to be incredibly excited about radiopharmaceuticals as a platform. It's one of the fastest-growing platform in solid tumor oncology. We believe we have a best-in-class asset that we've acquired with Rayze. 
 The integration of that team has gone very well. We continue to be very excited and happy with the bringing online of the facility in Indianapolis. So in terms of us getting that asset, incredible enthusiasm and the integration has gone well. But Samit, maybe you and Adam can speak to details. 
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you for the question. For Rayze, as Chris just mentioned, the platform is absolutely exciting and very encouraging data that we have seen emerging from the first program that is already in Phase III for the SSTR directed radioligand therapy. And that Phase III program is right now enrolling in the GEP-NET indication as well as the small cell lung cancer Phase I studies ongoing, and we are looking to see a couple of other indications added over there, and we're designing those trials as we speak and conduct those. So it holds a huge amount of promise because of the specificity of the directed radiation to the tumor itself. 
 Thereafter, we're looking forward to additional IND filing later this year, and that might then be able to start our actually very specific tumor-directed indication within HCC at the back half of this year. And then thereafter, we are looking to see an IND generation coming from this platform as we go forward. 
 With the Indianapolis manufacturing facility now up and running, we're looking forward to supplying the actinium part of it as well as the drug product towards the back half -- or back end to early part of next year, and that will certainly help in terms of continuing to supply and taking it forward. We are learning lessons from the front runners and those lessons will be very helpful as we go into the commercial stages in a couple of years. 
Christopher Boerner: Adam, anything to add? 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, I'll just add just a few things. RayzeBio was an important strategic acquisition that we believe continues to diversify our oncology portfolio. It's -- as Chris mentioned, we see this as a modality that's going to continue to grow over time. It will be a competitive space. 
 But what we liked about RayzeBio, this is going to be an IND engine. And the lead program RYZ101 is already in Phase III development, as you heard earlier, for GEP-NET. But we have opportunities in small cell lung cancer, in breast cancer and potentially many other tumor types. So this is tremendously complementary to our existing portfolio. 
Timothy Power: And maybe we could go to our last question, if you don't mind, Rocco? 
Operator: Our final question comes from Akash Tewari with Jefferies. 
Siyue Wang: This is Ivy on for Akash. We just have two quick questions. The first one is a follow-up for KarXT. So do you think patients on the drug will develop tardive dyskinesia? If not, how will that help position KarXT in the schizophrenia market? 
 And then our second question is for CAR-T. So why do you think CAR-T for autoimmune is more attractive than CD19 bispecifics? And also, would you consider approaches that don't require lymphodepletion? 
Christopher Boerner: Samit? 
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you. First of all, great profile for KarXT that I think Adam has spoken about earlier from a safety profile perspective and the data has recently been presented also at the SIRS conference where we do not see the same toxicities that are seen with the atypical such as the tardive dyskinesia, the movement disorders as well as many of the other elements that have been spoken about, so I won't repeat. So that's why we are very confident on the profile and looking forward to bring it to the patients with schizophrenia. And then as David said earlier, with other indications as well for AD psychosis, agitation, bipolar disorders and others that we are exploring. 
 On the CAR-T side, certainly an advantage for a single infusion leading to good outcomes for patients, especially starting with SLE in the refractory setting, where patients have had multiple other treatments ongoing and organ dysfunction factors in these patients. That is the advantage, a single infusion, if that can cause tremendous transformational outcomes for these patients. 
 As you know, our program is quite large. So we are also looking at multiple sclerosis as well as systemic sclerosis as well as idiopathic myositis. So those programs as they enroll patients will generate the data, and we're hoping to be able to present some data from SLE this year and certainly, future approaches might include non-lymphodepletion therapies, but we're not ready for that right now. 
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Samit. And maybe I'll just close by saying, first, thank you all for joining the call today. I know it is a very busy day for all of you. So maybe I'll just leave you with a few things. First, we're off to a very good start in 2024. Our performance this quarter reflects execution and actions that we've taken to strengthen the company's long-term growth profile. Our business out remains unchanged from the beginning of the year. And of course, we look forward to sharing our continued progress on future calls. 
 And with that, we'll close the call. And as always, the team is available to answer any questions you have following today's discussion, and I hope all of you have a very good day. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Power, Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Power: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Chris Boerner, our Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Adam Lenkowsky, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you'll note, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can use to follow along with for Chris and David's remarks. Before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statement. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. And with that, I'll hand it over to Chris.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Tim, and good morning to all of you. I'm very pleased to be speaking to you on our earnings call for the first-time as a CEO, and I'm excited about the opportunity for our company to continue to deliver transformational medicines for patients. Please turn to Slide 4. Q4 2023 was a good quarter, including strong sales momentum in our inline and new product portfolio with 9% growth and nearly $10 billion in revenue with growth across multiple key brands, including Eliquis, Opdivo, Reblozyl, Opdualag, Breyanzi, Camzyos and Sotyktu. We also continued to generate significant cash flows from operations of $4.3 billion in the quarter. And as you'll hear from David in a few minutes, we expect to grow our business this year. During the fourth quarter, we also achieved important pipeline milestones and several key business development transactions to strengthen our growth profile. This is an important time for BMS. I know that many of you are focused on our strategy to navigate the decade and on the importance of disciplined execution at the company. We are writing the next chapter for BMS and with that comes an opportunity for change. So let me take a few minutes to tell you about our strategy to navigate our LOEs and be very clear about my focus on execution. Let's go to Slide 5 and how we see the company today. When we look at our business, it's comprised of two portfolios. First, we see a legacy portfolio of well-established products facing headwinds such as IRA. Though this portfolio is declining, it is expected to continue to generate strong cash flows to enable investment in our future growth drivers. Second, we see an expanding portfolio of growth products, many of which are relatively newer to the market and have significant expansion potential. When you look at these portfolios combined with our exciting pipeline, you can see how it all comes together as depicted on Slide 6. As we think about this decade, we see three distinct periods; a near-term growth period, a transition period, and potential for sustainable top-tier growth, which we plan to drive in the back end of the decade. Between now and the middle of the decade, our focus will be on maximizing the opportunity we have with our growth portfolio. This, along with pipeline execution, can best position the company into the transition period. Then, starting around 2026, our exposure is most acute and our focus will be on shortening the transition period as much as possible by accelerating our R&D programs, executing on product approvals and launches while maintaining P&L discipline. Finally, in the latter part of the decade, around 2028 and beyond, we plan to deliver sustainable top tier growth, and we have the portfolio, pipeline and financial flexibility to support this opportunity. Many of you recognize the first two periods. However, the late decade return to growth phase is less appreciated externally, including a number of important products that are not fully appreciated in consensus models today. What supports our confidence is our expanding pipeline, recent deals, and newly launched products. Our strategy is to minimize the transition period coming in a few years while maximizing our growth in the back part of the decade. Turning to Slide 7. My confidence in our strategy is supported by the fact that compared with other companies that successfully navigated similar periods, we have some clear strengths, and expanding growth portfolio across multiple therapeutic areas, an exciting pipeline, differentiated platforms and continued financial strength to further invest for growth with business development. And the momentum from our most recent quarter to capitalize on these strengths is clear from Slide 8. In October, we told you we would strengthen commercial performance and during Q4, we have been making progress. We have increased investment behind key growth brands such as Camzyos and Sotyktu. We are re-accelerating growth for Reblozyl by capitalizing on the launch of the commands indication in first-line MDS. Our efforts to further establish Opdualag as the standard of care in first-line melanoma are driving further growth. And we have made progress expanding capacity for cell therapies, particularly setting up Breyanzi for significant expansion this year. In R&D, we delivered important milestones, including recharging our early-stage pipeline with 10 INDs as we told you we would do at our R&D Day, delivering the approval of Augtyro in first-line ROS-positive lung cancer, and advancing our key platforms, including initiating our CD19 NEX T study in multiple sclerosis for our cell therapy program, and showing early, but important Phase 1 data for the AR LDD prostate asset from our targeted protein degradation platform. Importantly, we have been active in business development. Specifically, we further diversified our Oncology portfolio with targeted oncology assets such as Krazati and PRMT5 from the recently completed Mirati acquisition. The planned addition of a differentiated bispecific ADC from SystImmune with exciting Phase 1 data across tumors, including lung and breast cancers, and the planned acquisition of RayzeBio, bringing important radiopharmaceutical assets, pipeline and manufacturing capabilities. And we announced the planned acquisition of Karuna Therapeutics, bringing KarXT, which we believe will be a transformational medicine for patients with schizophrenia, Alzheimer's psychosis and potentially other indications with multi-billion dollar sales potential. We are looking forward to launching this medicine after closing the transaction later this year. These deals add important growth substrate to our company and diversify our portfolio for the long term. Let's turn to Slide 9. Execution for me is a top priority. Starting with Commercial. The focus is on continuing to accelerate performance for key growth drivers. This means ensuring the right resourcing and investment levels across our most important brands. And it means having the best people and driving accountability for delivering results. In R&D, building on the momentum I described coming out of last quarter, as we highlighted at our R&D Day, we have a strong pipeline with the potential to deliver over 16 enemies through the late 2020s. And here, we need to accelerate and deliver top-tier productivity. We are also taking a hard look at our pipeline to prioritize investments for projects with higher return opportunities and discontinuing lower priority programs and our OpEx base. As we told you, we are going to absorb the OpEx from Karuna. This means we need to make room for these assets by focusing our OpEx base to increase efficiency and productivity. We have begun executing across all three fronts and look forward to updating you on our progress in future quarters. We plan to grow our business this year as shown on Slide 10. David will provide much more detail on our guidance in a few minutes. But what's important from my perspective is that getting our long-term plan to work requires us to deliver well in the short term. A few weeks ago, I reaffirmed our long-term targets as of that date. At that time, I also said, we were going back to our historical practice of providing mainly annual guidance with total company rather than product-level revenue targets. Therefore, we will not be updating those long-term targets moving forward. With that in mind, you can see that our growth portfolio is strengthening and our guidance reflects expected top-line growth this year. Before I hand the call over to David, I would like to thank my BMS colleagues for their efforts at serving patients during 2023, and for their enthusiasm for embarking on our next chapter as a company. David?
David Elkins: Thank you, Chris, and thank you all again for joining our call today. As Chris mentioned, this is an important time for BMS, as we embark on our next chapter, transforming our portfolio. Our performance in 2023 reflect a continued strong growth of our inline and new product portfolio and the ongoing erosion of Revlimid. Let's get started with our top-line performance on Slide 12. Unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are made versus the same period in 2022 and sales performance growth rates will be discussed on an underlying basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. We delivered sales of approximately $45 billion in 2023, which reflected 8% growth from our inline and new product portfolio, offset by unfavorable impact of generic entries. During the year, we saw continued strong demand for our key inline products such as Eliquis and Opdivo, while newer products gained traction in the respective markets. If you turn to Slide 13, you see our 2023 sales split between legacy and growth portfolio that Chris spoke about earlier. This is how we will report our business as we move forward. What I can tell you is the transition of the business is already well underway from our legacy to our growth portfolio. For 2023, our growth portfolio delivered approximately 15% growth. This supports our strategy that Chris discussed earlier. We see our legacy portfolio providing a solid foundation for cash flow generation in near term, while the products within our growth portfolio grow in significance. Let me dive deeper into our fourth quarter and full-year sales performance starting with our Oncology portfolio on Slide 14. We are pleased with the robust demand for Opdivo, which achieved strong global sales growth for the year. In the fourth quarter, U.S. sales grew 12%, primarily driven by increased volume and core indications, including first-line lung, upper GI and adjuvant bladder cancer, partially offset by optilized growth in first-line melanoma. During the quarter, U.S. and international markets each benefited from approximately $50 million of favorable stocking. Internationally, sales grew 4%, led by increased demand for lung and gastric cancer indications and from expanded reimbursement. Turning to Opdualag, which more than doubled its full year sales in 2023 and is now a standard of care treatment first-line melanoma. In the fourth quarter, U.S. sales grew 80% versus the prior year, and 15% sequentially, benefiting from its strong market share position. With respect sales of Augtyro in the fourth quarter, we launched in late November and upon U.S. approval and Q4 sales reflect the initial wholesaler stocking. During 2024, we look forward to bringing this important medicine to more patients. Let's turn to our Cardiovascular on Slide 15. Eliquis generated over $12 billion in sales in 2023 and continues to be the number one oral anticoagulant globally. In fourth quarter, sales grew primarily driven by demand in the U.S., as we continue to gain market share from competitors. Internationally sales in Q4 were broadly flat, driven by generic entry in several European markets. Sales of Camzyos in the fourth quarter and full year were strong, including $88 million in Q4. As of December 31, we had roughly 4,500 patients on commercial drug. And on average, we have been adding roughly 1,000 patients to commercial drug per quarter. The momentum in the U.S. for Camzyos is expected to continue in 2024, and internationally we expect modest near-term sales contribution based on timing of reimbursement in newly launched markets. Turning to our Hematology portfolio performance on Slide 16, starting with Revlimid. Global sales for the full year were approximately $6 billion. Looking forward, we anticipate continued variability in Revlimid sales quarter-to-quarter based upon historic patterns and specialty pharmacy dispensing. We anticipate an additional volume of U.S. generics to enter the market in March. We continue to forecast a step-down in Revlimid revenues in the range of $1.5 billion to $2 billion this year. Now moving to Reblozyl. Global sales grew 40% in 2023, surpassing $1 billion on an annualized basis for the first time. For the quarter, Reblozyl generated 60% sales growth, driven by strong demand and supported by a broad U.S. first-line label. Sales grew 75% in the U.S. in Q4. Internationally, Reblozyl continues to be launched in different markets across the globe, including recently in Japan. Turning to our cell therapy portfolio. Starting with sales of Abecma in the U.S., we continue to experience competitive impacts, while ex-U.S. demand remained strong in the quarter. We remain focused on demonstrating the benefits of the product profile to our customers in anticipation of expanded use in the U.S. upon the potential approval of KarMMa-3 data in third-line plus setting. Abecma was recently approved in Japan in the third-line setting based on KarMMa-3 data. And last week, we received positive CHMP opinion. Moving to Breyanzi. Global sales doubled year-over-year, reflecting the strength of its clinical profile and an improved manufacturing capacity. We are pleased to have received FDA priority review for all three of our expanded indications for Breyanzi, and look forward to the PDUFA date in March for Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia and additional PDUFA dates in May for Follicular and Mantle Cell Lymphoma indications. Looking to this year, we expect to see strong sales growth starting in the second quarter, driven by improved supply capacity and the potential for these new additional indications. Moving to Immunology on Slide 17. Global sales of Zeposia in 2023 grew 72% to $434 million, driven by increased demand in multiple sclerosis and ulcerative colitis. We remain focused on driving growth across both indications. For 2024, keep in mind the typical impact of U.S. Zeposia sales in the first quarter due to copay assistance for commercially insured patients whose benefits reset. With Sotyktu, our goal continues to be driving demand and broadening access. We made good progress on both fronts in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter sales in the U.S. also benefited from a clinical supply purchase of $17 million. When you strip out the one-time purchases in Q4 and Q3, we showed strong underlying sequential sales growth of approximately 40%, reflecting good pull-through from CVS and increased demand. Going forward, the way to look at our progress in the U.S. is through commercially paid prescriptions. As we build volume and improve access, we will be subject to higher rebates, which is something to keep in mind as you model Sotyktu for 2024. Of course, Adam can talk more about this in the Q&A portion of our call today. Internationally, we expect Sotyktu to gain additional country regulatory and reimbursement approvals over time. Switching gears to our fourth quarter P&L on Slide 18. Having just covered sales performance, let me walk through a few non-GAAP key line items. Gross margin as a percentage of sales decreased approximately 150 basis points to 76.4% compared to prior year due to product mix and lower hedge settlement gains. Excluding acquired in-process R&D, fourth quarter and full year operating expenses decreased primarily due to timing of expenses in 2022. The fourth quarter decline was partially offset by increased investments in Camzyos, Sotyktu and the timing of pipeline investments. Acquired in-process R&D in the quarter was $600 million, which was partially offset by licensing income, resulting in an unfavorable net impact of $0.20 of EPS. The fourth quarter effective tax rate was approximately 14.9%, driven primarily by earnings mix. Overall, earnings per share was $1.70 in the quarter and $7.51 for the full year. Now moving to the balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 19. Our financial position remains strong, with approximately $12.6 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand as of December 31, as we generate cash flow from operations of $4.3 billion in the fourth quarter. Through our strong financial discipline, we have been able to invest in our business and further expand our portfolio, maintain strong operating margins, pay down debt and return significant cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Over the past three years, we've returned over $30 billion in shareholder distributions, including the dividend, which we have increased annually for 15 years in a row. As you know, we're going to be taking on additional debt this year to finance our planned acquisitions of Karuna and RayzeBio. However, with our strong financial position, we plan to utilize our cash flow to pay down our debt as we've demonstrated in the past. Our plan is to repay approximately $10 billion of debt over the next two years to improve our leverage profile. Before turning to our line item guidance, let me close with our 2024 non-GAAP guidance on Slide 20, which includes Mirati, but excludes the future impact of pending transactions, SystImmune, Karuna and RayzeBio. As we did in 2023, we were providing revenue guidance on a reported basis, as well as on an underlying basis, which assumes currency remains consistent with prior year. We expect 2024 revenues to increase in a low-single digit range, reflecting our confidence in the growing momentum of our growth portfolio. Excluding foreign exchange, we expect revenues to increase in the low-single digit as well. Driving our momentum this year will be increasing the sales in our growth portfolio from products like Opdivo and our recently launched products. As we said previously, we expect a more modest pace of growth than last year for Opdivo, with the potential for acceleration in the back half of the year from new indications. And while our legacy portfolio includes assets that are maturing, we expect strong growth from Eliquis in the U.S. this year. As it relates to quarterly progression of our sales, a few reminders. For products like Revlimid, Pomalyst and Camzyos, keep in mind the typical impact on sales in the first quarter due to patients entering the Medicare coverage gap early in the year. And for Eliquis, the coverage gap dynamic works in the opposite direction, where we expect sales in the first half of the year to be higher than in the second half. As it relates to our line item guidance for the year, we expect gross margin to be approximately 74%, which reflects an evolution of our sales mix and the non-recurrence of hedging gains from last year. Excluding in-process R&D, we expect our total operating expenses to increase in a low-single digit range, reflecting the additional costs of Mirati and the reallocation of costs and efficiency initiatives in MS&A, as we continue to invest in our new product launches. This aligns with our previous operating margin target of at least 37%. This means we will remain focused on driving operational efficiencies across the organization, including portfolio prioritization, to enable us to invest for growth while maintaining high productivity. We expect OI&E to be approximately $250 million of income, reflecting the PD1 royalty step down in January from 6.5% to 2.5%, as well as the financing costs related to the Mirati acquisition. We project our tax rate to be approximately 17.5%, reflecting an increase due to the non-recurrence of one-time tax benefit that occurred in the third quarter of last year, plus the anticipated impact of Pillar 2. Finally, we expect to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share within the range of $7.10 and $7.40. For clarity, our 2024 guidance excludes the three pending transactions. As a reminder, SystImmune is expected to add about $800 million in in-process R&D. Karuna is expected to be about $0.30 dilutive to earnings relating to financing costs as we plan to absorb the OpEx. And RayzeBio would be approximately $0.13 dilutive to earnings with half in financing and the other half in OpEx. When we report in Q1 in April, we will update our guidance to reflect the deals that have closed at that time. Before we move to the question-and-answer session, I want to thank all of our colleagues around the world for their hard work and dedication in 2023. This is an exciting time for BMS as we rewrite a new chapter and maintain a singular focus on improving our growth profile over the course of the decade. I believe that our focused financial discipline coupled with a strong cash flow generation are key advantages that will enable us to further diversify our portfolio and invest in growth opportunities to deliver for patients and our investors. I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and Chris for Q&A.
Tim Power: Question, please. But before we do, just a reminder. It's obviously a busy morning for everybody. And to the extent, you can keep to just one question so we can get to as many people as possible. We would appreciate that. So let's go to our first question, please.
Operator: The first question will come from Luisa Hector of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Luisa Hector: And good morning. Maybe I'll start with Abecma because you have the FDA Ad Comm (ph) coming up, so just your level of confidence heading into that. Any comments on how the label changes are impacting or not for all CAR-Ts and just any pressure that you're seeing from [indiscernible] and how that might evolve in 2024? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: First, we'll have Samit to answer and then go to Adam.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Lisa, for the question. From Abecma perspective KarMMa-3 data, we've shared updated data at ASH last year. And as you saw, it was very clear what is driving the overall survival curves. It's because of the crossover that the patients have allowance for the progression of their disease on the standard-of-care arm. And therefore, that curve does benefit and therefore you see much of impact on that overall survival benefit that these patients are getting. We are very confident and we are very much looking forward to having that dialog and discussion with the regulatory authorities and looking forward to getting this product to the patients as soon as possible. So the second part that you asked about the label updates that the FDA is seeking right now for all CAR-T products around T-Cell malignancies. Once again, we've treated thousands of patients. And from our perspective, as we look into our data, we do not see a positive relationship two (ph) CAR-T cell therapies in terms of Breyanzi and Abecma. So we will continue to have the dialog with the regulators on that as well as we look to the final wording the FDA will decide. With that, let me pass it onto, Adam.
Adam Lenkowsky: Thanks, Luisa, for the question. So we do expect growth in 2024 for Abecma. Commentary is a key catalyst for growth this year. And as Samit said, we do look forward to the ODAC to reinforce the benefits of Abecma in a triple exposed patient population. As you can imagine our commercial teams have been launch-ready for some time and we're also seeing continued strong international performance. And we'll launch both Abecma and Breyanzi in a number of new countries this year. We've stated that, we're seeing continued impact from additional BCMA agents. This is a highly competitive market and putting some pressure on Abecma growth. But our teams are squarely focused on opening new accounts, expanding our site footprint, not just internationally, but also in the U.S. And coating the gap on efficacy perception, including solidifying any misconceptions around Abecma's efficacy and reinforcing Abecma's safety profile, particularly as it relates to CNS neurotoxicity. So taken together, we're confident in Abecma's profile, looking forward to the ODAC, and I'm confident that will be more competitive this year.
Tim Power: Thanks, Adam. Can we go to the next question please, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Schott of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Schott: Hi. Great. Thanks so much for the question. Just maybe a bigger picture question on the new launches. I think those new launches did about $3.6 billion in 2023. And I know you're not giving longer-term targets. But just any -- just rough framework of how to think about those sales in 2024, I guess, is there a target you're providing? If there is not a target, can you maybe just talk a little bit about any areas you see that maybe you're more or less optimistic versus where street consensus is? I know there's just -- there's quite a bit of focus on the trajectory of those ramps. Thanks so much.
Chris Boerner: Thanks for the question, Chris. Maybe I'll just start very quickly and then I'll turn it over to Adam. As we had mentioned, not going to be providing individual product-level guidance, and I think we had alluded to that when we met at JPMorgan three weeks ago. But we did give, and we'll continue to give company line item guidance, as we did today. And then you'll see, as we report it today, we're going to be talking additionally about the growth portfolio that we have, which is going to be important as we think about the business going forward. Adam, do you want to talk about the new launches?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. So thanks for the question, Chris. I mean, we're coming off a good quarter and we have a strong foundation for growth to build upon. We're focused on continuing to accelerate our new product portfolio and maximizing the ten launches that we've had over the last four years. We're certainly prioritizing the execution of our new launches and adding investment to accelerate the performance of our growth portfolio for products like Camzyos, Sotyktu Breyanzi. You've also seen the strong performance from Reblozyl and Opdualag. We also have some of our growth products like, Eliquis and Opdivo, which will continue to contribute significant growth in 2024. And finally, we're readying for the launch of KarXT in September, which we're excited to launch this product, which will be the first new treatment in decades for schizophrenia, and also brings a multi-billion dollar opportunity to the organization. So adding it up, that's why we're excited to continue to drive commercial performance in an important 2024.
Tim Power: Right. Andrea, could we go to the next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Shibutani of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Participant: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking our questions. This is Charlie on for Chris. We had a question on the subcutaneous Opdivo strategy for a potential launch there. We heard from one of your competitors yesterday on their potential for a subcutaneous CPI, where they were considering -- what sort of like a careful pricing strategy in the context of potential intravenous biosimilars that could be on the market at the same time. So just wondering how you're thinking about pricing on a potential subcutaneous Opdivo? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. Thanks, Charlie, for the question. So we're not going to comment on the pricing of subcu, but what I can say, as you know, we announced positive results of our subcu Opdivo study in the quarter, and we anticipate a launch early next year. As a result, we have the opportunity to potentially benefit thousands of patients well into the next decade with subcu Opdivo. I think an important thing to keep in mind, remember, subcu has the potential to address the treatment burden for both patients and physicians due to less than 5 minute infusion time. And we've talked about our ability to convert roughly 30% to 40% of the overall U.S. Opdivo business into subcu. And that's why we would expect to see this franchise endure into the next decade. So we certainly look forward to bringing this important formulation both to patients and physicians.
Tim Power: Let's go to the next question please, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Baum of Citi. Please go ahead.
Andrew Baum: Yeah. Thank you. A question for Adam. Have you rethought the use of bridge programs for launches in the U.S., following your Sotyktu experience? And then, same topic. Realistically, how long do you think it will be before Sotyktu starts printing revenues through the combination of broader coverage as well as just getting these patients off the bridge? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Great. Thanks, Andrew. Let me just take the second question first and then I'll answer as well, the bridge question. So Sotyktu is an important brand for the organization and we are executing into our plan. We shared last year, we're focused on two areas. The first is driving demand at the top of the funnel, and the second is, securing access. And of course, as you mentioned, pulling through those patients from bridge to commercial and we're making progress against both. You heard from David, when you normalize sales, excluding clinical trial, orders, net sales increased about 40% versus Q3. And access is critically important in this highly competitive market to drive commercial sales. So we've secured ESI and now Cigna in a one-step position that adds another 40 million lives approximately to complement CVS, which is in a zero step position, will continue to be this year, and that's approximately 25 million lives. And we're actively negotiating with other payers, and look forward to updating you on additional progress in due course. This year, it's really important to focus on increased paid commercial prescriptions for Sotyktu. We will continue to build volume from both new patients that are going to move directly onto Sotyktu at the specialty pharmacies, which, quite frankly, become easier with the improved access that we have now, as well as moving patients out of bridge and onto commercial products. David talked about where we are today, but in Q1, we expect to see around 10,000 paid prescriptions for Sotyktu. And he also mentioned, there will be an increase in gross net due to broader rebating, which was needed to secure improved access, that impacts net sales in Q1. But we expect to see good momentum in growing our base of paid prescriptions this year. And we plan to get roughly double that level around 20,000 prescriptions in Q4. And that volume momentum will more than offset the gross-to-net reset in Q1 as the year progresses. As you also asked around conversion, conversion is going exactly as we expected. We've made very good progress in shifting patients from CVS from the bridge to commercial products. We talked about taking around two months to three months for patients to move from bridge to commercial, and as a result, you saw that 40% sequential growth that excluded the clinical trial purchases. And so we'll continue to drive demand and work to continue to improve moving patients from our bridge with our ESI and Cigna wins in 2024, and also work to secure improved access in 2025 as well, where it makes financial sense to do so.
Tim Power: Thanks, Adam. Andrea, let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Seamus Fernandez of Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead.
Seamus Fernandez: Thanks very much. So just a quick one here. On Reblozyl, the continued strength of the brand and the acceleration that we're starting to see. Can you just talk about what's driving that incrementally? And maybe give us a little bit of a sense of how we should be thinking about the international opportunity for Reblozyl, in particular? Thanks.
Chris Boerner: Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Seamus. Thanks for the question. The first-line MDS launch is progressing very well in the U.S. with strong demand, supported by our broad label in an RS-agnostic patient population. Just take you back, we launched in late August, and initially after the launch, we saw rapid switches from ESAs to Reblozyl. But we're now seeing strength in first-line use across the RS-positive population and we're steadily building momentum in the RS-negative patient population, particularly in the community setting, where the majority of patients are treated. We also have, after the ASH presentation, we've heard feedback from both academic and community physicians recognizing the durability of response and the ability to remain transfusion independence as key features of the brand. So we're very pleased with the launch as you know, we're seeing strong sales performance. We expect that to continue this year. And Reblozyl was also approved in Japan in mid-January. We're seeing, nice uptake there and we expect European approval in the first half of this year.
Tim Power: Great. Let's go to our next question, please, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Anderson of Wolfe Research. Please go-ahead.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. On Sotyktu, I think it was at Q3, you had mentioned it would take longer to get no-step edits. So I'm wondering what the current step edits are exactly. What brands do patients have to step through? Is it Otezla primarily, or is it Humira either brand or biosimilar or what exactly?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Tim. Thank you. So as I mentioned, we've secured additional access at ESI and now Cigna in a one-step position. And so that really is regardless of the product. So that could be a step after Otezla or it could be a step after IL-17s or the IL-23 agents in the market. But what's important is that that adds another 40 million lives to complement our zero-step edits in CVS. So taken together, that's 65 million lives today. And we're continuing to actively negotiate with payers. And we will update you on additional progress, over the coming months.
Tim Power: And our next question, please, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from Trung Huynh of UBS. Please go ahead.
Trung Huynh: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just on IRA, I realized there's not much you can say about the negotiation where I think CMS has just sent their initial offer. But I was wondering about more, how do you think about the impact? So, for Eliquis, given the patient mix is largely skewed towards Medicare, do you think there could be a potential uplift that could help offset that pricing erosion and how do you anticipate the commercial spillover from those pricing impacts?
Chris Boerner: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I'll take that. So, as it relates to IRA, we do expect an improvement in patient affordability as the patient out-of-pocket changes for patients this year and into next. We'll see this more acutely next year as out of pocket max is capped at $2,000 and then the patients have 0% liability thereafter. More broadly, though, we largely don't expect Medicare Part D design changes to impact our portfolio because that'll largely take effect in 2026 when branded Revlimid will be fully eroded. As it relates to commercial spillover, I think it's important -- we always look at multiple planning scenarios, including the risk of spillover, but also the potential opportunity, as I just shared, around patient affordability. So there are pushes and pulls there with changes in the benefit design. We are going to have to continue to manage potential spillover risk to commercial with the transparency of the MFP price on September 1. But we also do that today as we manage both books of business. And we'll need to continue to remain disciplined across our commercial payers. And at the same time, just because a payer wants to include this in negotiating mix in commercial, it certainly doesn't mean that we have to agree there. So we expect continued strong performance this year for Eliquis in the U.S. and expect significant growth through the end of 2025.
Tim Power: Thanks, Adam. Let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Geoff Meacham of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys. Good morning, and thanks for the question. Chris or David, on capital allocation, you guys have some deals closing, obviously, in the first half of this year. But would you say the balance of the year is more of a pause on deals with the focus on integration, or would bolt-on still be of interest? I'm just trying to get a sense with all the launches operationally, whether newer products or more products and integration could be a distraction to what you're doing commercially. Thanks.
Chris Boerner: Thanks for the question, Geoff. I'll take that one. So, as we've discussed previously, as we think about capital allocation business development continues to be a top priority for us. Obviously, we've just executed a number of deals towards the end of last year, and we've got to stay focused on executing those deals. Having said that, we certainly are going to continue to be interested in bringing innovation into the company that makes strategic and financial sense to do so. I would characterize those a bit more as bolt-on opportunities at this point. We're also, of course, continuing to look at partnerships and licensing deals as well. But that's how I would characterize it. Business development is still a priority.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Phipps of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Matt Phipps: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Samit, I was wondering if you could give us a sense of how many SLE patients do you expect to treat with the next T -- CAR-T program this year? And is the next step after this Phase 1 study straight to a pivotal? Do you have a sense yet of what that looks like?
Chris Boerner: Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. Thank you for the question, Matt. Look, we are in the dose escalation phase. As you can recall, we have to go through one patient by one patient in the beginning, but very soon we'll be able to treat a number of patients at the same time. I can't give you a number in terms of how many patients we intend to treat at this time, but certainly the trial will remain open as we want to certainly get a good understanding of the efficacy and safety profile at the right dose for patients with SLE, who have advanced disease. We do intend to present the data later this year, emerging from the first trial. In terms of what the next steps would be, we will be engaging with some data in hand with the regulatory agencies in terms of defining what the trial should look like. In this particular case, would a single-arm open-label study such as has been done with immunological malignancies? Will that be the acceptable approach, or will the regulators require a randomized approach? Those are yet to come, but certainly looking forward to the emergence of this data and presenting that later in the year.
Tim Power: Let's go to the next question, please, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Scala of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Steve Scala: Thank you very much. I believe Milvexian's Afib trial right around now is at the point where Bayer stopped its Factor XI Afib trial. Can you reassure us that events in the Milvexian Afib trial are progressing as expected? And Samit, based on everything are you very confident in Milvexian Afib? The trial has been underway for approaching a year. So I would imagine some sort of look has already been taken. Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Steve for the question. Very thoughtful as always. What we can tell you is the trial is continuously progressing -- on all three trials of Af, secondary stroke prevention and ACS. Enrollment is going very well. And certainly, the DMC continues to oversee the trials, and we do not have any indication from the DMC otherwise. We will continue to look at the data from a perspective of safety, as well as the DMC will continue to look at the data. There's nothing more to report at this time. I would say one thing, though, that assuming just because a competitor trial failed for whatever reasons and the doses that they picked, we don't have that same philosophy. We actually did conduct two very well designed studies. We picked differential doses between atrial fibrillation versus SSP and ACS, and those are the reasons to believe. And we will certainly be looking forward to the readout of these trials in '26 and '27.
Tim Power: Thank you Samit. Andrea, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from Terence Flynn of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. I was just wondering, if you could elaborate on your thoughts on Breyanzi commercial potential this year, particularly in the second-line setting and how the final OS data might impact that? And then, anything you're seeing with respect to outpatient treatment for Breyanzi here? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Adam and Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yeah, certainly. Thank you. So I'll start off and then pass it on. R&D always comes first before commercial. So I'll start off with Breyanzi. Certainly, looking forward to these three PDUFA dates that Adam had mentioned earlier, as well as David in his remarks for Follicular Lymphoma and Mantle Cell Lymphoma and CLL. And then, of course, planning to do a little -- few more trials in these lymphoma patients, because that remains a very high unmet medical need. And then, of course, there are multiple other cell therapy products that are in development. So we'll be talking more about that. From the outer spec or the continuation of those discussions, we continue to engage with the regulatory authorities and we'll update at a later date once we have an inkling in terms of where we are landing on that. Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So we're pleased with Breyanzi performance in the quarter. We saw a double-digit growth quarter-on-quarter. We also expect to continue to make good progress with Breyanzi in 2024, supported by strengthening of our vector supply. In fact, we will see supply materialize even further in Q2 and expand to support our new indications for Breyanzi starting with the plan CLL indication in March, where Breyanzi will be the first and only cell therapy agent to have this indication. As Samit alluded to, we're making good progress in reducing turnaround time out of spec and drug product capacity. So now, as we move through the course of the first half of the year with this broad label and LBCL, and now with three FDA prior reviews in the first half of the year, Breyanzi has the potential to treat the broadest array of B-Cell malignancies of any CAR-T. And these indications, we believe, will double the addressable patient population for Breyanzi. So we're very pleased with what we're seeing, the progress that we're making. We are seeing increases in outpatient use because of the best-in-class safety profile that Breyanzi brings, and we expect strong demand growth this year.
Tim Power: Let's go to the next question please, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from Evan Seigerman of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. So, last week you presented initial data from your androgen receptor ligand-directed degrader at ASCO GU then hosted an event for the cell side. Samit, I'd love for you to speak to why you think it's important for investors and analysts to pay attention to a Phase 1 asset at a company as large as Bristol Myers. I know you have a lot going on in your pipeline. Why should we be focused on things like this? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Samit will start and then I'll turn it to Adam to get some feedback from KOLs on this product.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Evan. I think it's a good question, and the reason we believe that it is important for us to be able to highlight this are multifold. Let me start off by saying, remember last year at R&D Day, we had said that there are two platforms that are very critical and we believe in, and we are continuing to progress on them. ARLDD, the molecule is the first protein degrader from that platform that goes into solid tumors. And we wanted to absolutely be able to demonstrate that it is, as we anticipated, it is progressing well, showing efficacy and manageable safety profile in patients with late-line prostate cancer. As you saw from the data, the PSA-30, PSA-50 reductions, the durability of that -- and those are truly correlated if you look at the data sets as well as in literature, the correlation of that impacting the overall survival. So we are truly excited about what we've seen thus far. We are of course enrolling more patients. We are in the dose optimization phase. We've had interactions with regulatory authorities and now planning for initiating the next phase of development registration trials within the next six months to twelve months. Let me just pass it over to Adam to comment further from his perspective as well.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. Thanks, Evan. Thanks for the question. So we're excited about, as Samit said, the platform of protein degradation and as it relates to ARLDD in prostate cancer. This diversifies our IO portfolio even further to complement some of the recent deals. We had a number of KOL and community feedback coming out of the ASCO Gu presentation. And appeals have been enthusiastic about the profile, particularly around the efficacy of the asset, the durability of response. And when we asked community physicians, they were reassured around the safety profile as well, stating that it was a manageable safety profile. And they were enthusiastic about moving this into Phase 3 registrational studies, and look forward to having the opportunity to treat patients with late-line prostate cancer.
Tim Power: Let's go to the next question please, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from Carter Gould of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Carter Gould: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. For Adam, I wanted to come back to Camzyos. You sort of have shown a pretty steady kind of addition of sort of the same number of patients for each quarter. I would expect sort of now that you've gotten your feet underneath with the launch. That number would be increasing sort of, each quarter like we see with most launches, which I guess suggests there's some other sort of gating factor, whether that's logistics or whatnot. Can you maybe, elaborate on what you're seeing and whether you disagree or agree with kind of how I frame that there? And to whatever extent you can comment on the trends going forward in '24? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Sure, Carter. Thanks for the question. So we are continuing to make very good progress with Camzyos. As we talked about, we're investing further behind the brand in unbranded and branded direct-to-consumer. We do expect to see continued steady and consistent growth. As David mentioned in his opening remarks, we're averaging around 1,000 patients on a quarterly basis. Patient and physician feedback continued to be very positive. Remember, these patients are going to be on treatment for a very long time. And taking you back to JPMorgan, if you recall, Chris showed an analog where Camzyos is tracking akin to a very strong TV launch, in this case, Entresto. So this is the way that cardiovascular launches uptake. And we are focused on continuing to drive breadth in our top COEs. We're continuing to expand outside of our top COEs, and we're working to increase diagnosis rates by activating patients via our new DTC advertising. So that coupled with new launches internationally, we are confident that this is going to lead to continued and sustained growth for this important brand.
Tim Power: Let's go to the next question please, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from Mohit Bansal of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Participant: Hi. This is Serena on for Mohit Bansal. Thanks for taking our question. So I wanted to ask about the Phase 2 Opdualag readout coming out early this year in first-line lung cancer. I was wondering how meaningful you think this data could be considering that the comparator arm is Opdivo Chemo versus Opdivo Yervoy being the approved regimen. Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you for the question. Obviously, we're looking forward to seeing the data for Opdualag, a randomized Phase 2 study looking at the combination of Opdivo relatlimab plus chemotherapy comparing to Opdivo Chemo. The intent of doing this is twofold. One, we wanted to get the contribution of component question out right away so that we can show the contribution of relatlimab on top of Opdivo with chemotherapy. And number two, we also wanted to plan this study so that we can -- when we do go to Phase 3, the appropriate control arm that is most widely used right now is pembro-chemo. And therefore we are set for that, dependent, of course, on the data. So later this quarter and this year, you will be able to hear about the data. And then based on the data, we will be making decisions on where to go with this drug.
Tim Power: Perfect. Thanks, Samit. Let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas of Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Participant: Hey, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. This is Kuban (ph) for Robyn. I have a follow-up question on Camzyos. Just wondering if you can talk a little bit about, how you think the recent data from a competitor might broadly impact the landscape in HCM. Obviously, the drug is not approved yet, but do you see these data improving awareness? And based on that, do you expect to see any sort of inflection points? And also can you talk a little bit more about your efforts ex-U.S.? And if we should continue to see steady growth or any sort of inflection points based on the reimbursements that you expect? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Samit and Adam?
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. Thank you for the questions. The way we would look at it is that the competitor data actually further strengthens our confidence in Camzyos. And within the Camzyos clinical trials, we now have three Phase 2 trials that have read out with amazing transformational data. You've seen the data for Explorer, you've seen the data from Weller, and recently we had the readout of a Phase 3 trial in Japan as well, which replicates the results that we've already seen for the first two trials. As Adam would tell you, we've treated now thousands of patients and that data also continues to showcase the efficacy of the drug as well as maintains the safety of the drug. As you will see when the data are presented from the real-world setting at ACC, what the overall safety profile of the drug is. So in general, what I would say is that Camzyos lives up to its promise of a transformational potential for the patients. And any patient who goes on that drug usually doesn't want to come off because of the benefit that they're achieving.
Chris Schott: Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Thanks for the question. So certainly when we look at the top-line data from SEQUOIA is consistent with our internal expectations, we'll obviously need to see the data set, but ultimately we don't see any clinically meaningful differences in the data. In fact, when we spoke to many TLs after those data were shared, they have stated that apocampton (ph) data appears similar and undifferentiated from Camzyos. They also, of course, want to see the broad data set. They also talked about the difference in PVO-2 being not a clinically meaningful endpoint. And likely any differences are due to differences in patient populations across the two studies. I can show you we will certainly be prepared for apocampton (ph) when it comes to market with our leading cardiovascular organization and we have maintained a consistent view that we will remain leaders in this space. I've also said though, that important thing to keep in mind with this class is we do see that another competitor could be a net positive to help drive awareness for patients with symptomatic OHCM and increased diagnosis rates, which is also really important. Finally, as relates to expansion outside of the U.S., we're just starting to see expansion outside of the U.S. We've launched in Germany, we'll prepare to launch in Japan, in China in mid-year, and a host of other markets. So we'll start to see those sales manifest in the back end of the year and into 2025.
Tim Power: Right. Let's go to the next question please, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from James Sheehan of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
James Sheehan: Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking the question. Just wanted to circle back on Zeposia. Adam, I think you mentioned earlier or late last year the access was still improving for UC. Is that access going to improve meaningfully this year or is it going to take a little bit more time, sort of like a similar situation to so tick two and psoriasis?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So overall we're seeing solid and continued quarterly and year-on-year growth. As David shared, we showed 66% growth versus prior year. And I think Zeposia has been really tail of two launches. MS performance amongst the oral competitors is solid. We expect continued share growth there. And we're growing in the face of a declining oral market in favor of B-Cell agents. We continue to have an opportunity for continued growth in UC, which as you know, is a very competitive know. We're making progress as volume and share are increasing. We are focused on expanding the breadth of prescribers. We're continuing to position Zeposia earlier in lines of treatment and the opportunity for additional indications like Crohn's disease, the data read out later this year will also add to the sales for Zeposia. So again, we do expect to see continued growth for Zeposia as patients continue to accumulate and physicians continue to gain experience with the product.
Tim Power: And maybe time for one or two more. Let me go to next question for now. And then one after that, Andrea.
Operator: Okay. The next question is from Akash Tiwari of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akash Tiwari: Hey. Thanks so much. Can you comment on what drives your confidence on the Alzheimer's psychosis trials reading out positively? Any color on what percent of patients you think we'll be able to get on the high-dose of KarXT? And what percent of dropouts do you think will occur in the treatment arm through these the depth trials? Should it be roughly similar to what we've seen in the schizophrenia study? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Samit?
Samit Hirawat: So thank you. Thank you for the question, Akash. Look, our confidence in trial remains very high. And the reason for that is if you go back to the first publications of the Xenomaline trial, that was a study that was published, I think in 1997, in fact. And if you look at that data, that was a positive trial, which tells us that M-1 M-4 muscular agonist (ph) do work over there. The obvious issue over there was the toxicity due to the peripheral muscarinic agonism that was seen. So that combination with Trospium has led to obviously better outcomes as we saw in schizophrenia. The trial in AD psychosis is right now at the beginning stages, so the doses are being tested right now. So it's hard to comment on what the dose utilization would be, whether patients will be on the highest doses. It's too early to tell. We'll have to get into it. But of course, Karuna and us, we continue to operate as separate companies right now. And once the transaction closes, then we'll be able to get deeper into it and look at what the future looks like. So we'll be talking about it at a later date. Thank you.
Tim Power: And let's go to our last one please, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from Rajesh Kumar of HSBC. Please go ahead.
Rajesh Kumar: Hi. Good morning. I appreciate that you can't obviously you know give any color on Eliquis price negotiations. But when we look at your margin guidance this year, I'm assuming that you have made an assumption and that is implicit in that guidance, an outcome of this negotiation, or should we expect, as we get more clarity, to adjust your guidance from what you learn?
Adam Lenkowsky: So, Rajesh, thanks for the question. I'll try to start and then I'll turn it over to David to just talk a little bit about how we're thinking about margin. We're not going to be able to give any additional discussion around where we sit with IRA on Eliquis. We got the initial offer. We're going to follow the process they have and the price will be public in September and we won't be providing additional details around that. But maybe, David can talk to you a bit about how we think about margins generally.
David Elkins: Just overall, as we guide it, we anticipate gross margins to be about 74% this year. And that's really driven by the LOE brands coming down. But as the growth portfolio continues to increase, obviously that'll help offset longer term where those gross margins are going. We also said that our operating expenses grow in the mid low-single digit range. And with that, really, there's a lot going on there that, as we said on Karuna, we're going to find savings and efficiencies in order to cover those expenses. But also, as Adam indicated, and I said in opening remarks, we're increasing our investments in Camzyos and Sotyktu. So with that, we're finding from our legacy brands, refundling those resources into that. And all of that said, we'll be able to deliver a margin greater than 37% for the year, which we feel very confident about.
Tim Power: Thanks, David. So I think that was it for the time that we have. But I thank you all for joining the call today. I know it's a very busy day for all of you. Hopefully, you get a sense from the discussion this morning that we exited 2023 with good momentum to capitalize on the strategy that we have articulated about how we're going to navigate this decade. And of course, we look forward to sharing the progress against that on future calls. And with that, we'll close the call. And as always, the team is available to answer any questions following today's discussion. And I hope all of you have a very good day and a good weekend. Thanks.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Power, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Power: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning for our third quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Boerner, our Chief Operating Officer and CEO designate; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today’s call are Adam Lenkowsky, our Chief Commercialization Officer, and Sarnit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you’ll note, we’ve posted slides to bms.com that you can use to follow along with Giovanni, Chris and David’s remarks.  Before we get started, I’ll read our forward-looking statement. During this call, we make statements about the company’s future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company’s SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We’ll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. With that, I’ll hand it to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone.  Q3 was a solid quarter for the company. We delivered sales growth for our in-line and new product portfolios and continued to advance the renewal of our business, delivered important clinical and regulatory milestones, and further strengthened the long-term prospects of the company through the planned acquisition of Mirati.  On my 49th and last quarterly earnings call, I am proud of where Bristol Myers Squibb is today. We have built a highly diversified business. The strength of our in-line products and the potential of the launch portfolio gives us confidence in the ability to navigate Revlimid LOE through 2025.  The focus is clearly on the second half of the decade. We continue to strengthen our position thanks to a growing registrational stage pipeline and the ability to source external innovation through business development. Our R&D day highlighted the breadth and depth of our research efforts, which provide us with confidence in the long-term sustainable growth of the business.  It has been an honor and privilege to work alongside my talented and dedicated colleagues at BMS over the past 23 years and to help grow this company into the industry leader it is today. You all know Chris very well and I am sure you will share my confidence in him as a leader. I’m excited to see the company’s continued progress in delivering against our critical patient-centric mission. My sincerest gratitude goes out to all our employees for the work they have done and will do to enable BMS to improve outcomes for millions of patients around the world.  With that, I’d like to turn it over to Chris to talk more about the quarter.
Chris Boerner: Thank you, Giovanni. Before I dive in, on a more personal note, I want to recognize Giovanni for his tremendous impact on the organization. He is consistently focused on ensuring that we are strengthening our company while delivering for patients, and I wish him every success in his next chapter. Let’s start with our third quarter overview on Slide 5. As Giovanni said, we delivered continued top line growth for the in-line and new product portfolio during Q3. We also advanced our pipeline and announced an important business development transaction with the planned acquisition of Mirati.  You’ll have seen that we are increasing our non-GAAP EPS guidance for the year. We also updated our target for our new products to grow to more than $10 billion in 2026 and for our operating margin to be above 37% while reaffirming our other 2020 to 2025 guidance. I will give you more color on our outlook in a moment, so let me step back and provide some context. Let’s turn to Slide 6. As I told you last month at our R&D day, my objective as incoming CEO is to continue to position our company for sustainable long-term growth. Three levers I outlined there were commercial execution, R&D leadership, and strategic business development.  I’d like to take a minute to tell you where we are on each of these, starting with commercial execution on Slide 7. David will provide more details in his remarks about our commercial results, but let me describe how I think about our performance and outlook.  Let’s start with our key in-line products, where we are seeing good growth. Eliquis demand growth in the U.S. is strong with continued opportunities for growth going forward. Consistent with previous years, revenues in Q3 were impacted by gross-to-net adjustments. We expect these to normalize through Q4 as we’ve seen in previous years. Opdivo continued to see good demand growth in Q3. Importantly, we’ve delivered a number of important future growth drivers with new data and approvals during the quarter, that I will describe momentarily. David will provide highlights for the remainder of the in-line and LOE portfolio. Turning to the new product portfolio. Overall, our new products continue to perform well, providing confidence in the portfolio’s growth potential and ability to diversify our business over the long-term. I would characterize the performance of these products in three categories.  First, we are seeing strong performance for a number of products, including Reblozyl, Opdualag, and Breyanzi. Specifically for Reblozyl, we’re seeing strong growth with a broad label for Commands. As Adam can discuss further, we are seeing encouraging trends in both first line and second line. We are also very pleased to see that the NCCN guidelines recognize the importance of Reblozyl as an important treatment in first line MDS for both RS-positive and RS-negative patients.  For Opdualag, growth was also robust for the quarter and the product is on the path to become the new standard of care in first line melanoma. This product has considerable growth opportunity remaining in its existing indication and we are continuing to study its potential in future indications, which Sarnit can speak to.  Breyanzi performance was strong for the quarter and we expect strengthening performance for this product heading into 2024 as manufacturing performance and supply continue to improve. Second, there are a couple of products, notably Camzyos and Sotyktu, where performance is strong but growth has been slower than expected. For Camzyos, we continue to see steady increases in use and all feedback metrics from customers and patients continue to be very strong. At the same time, getting cardiovascular accounts on-boarded and the pace of getting patients onto therapy, as patients may see their cardiologist only one to two times per year, has resulted in a longer adoption curve. As we have shared, we expect consistent and steady growth akin to a cardiovascular launch for this important product, and we remain confident in our long-term projections. For Sotyktu, the profile continues to be strong and we’re seeing nice increases in share. Access continues to be the main constraint for this brand, and while we will see broad and meaningful access improvements in 2024, getting to zero step edits will take a bit longer than anticipated for some key plans given emerging payor dynamics in the immunology market. Importantly for both of these products, our peak expectations remain unchanged, though the time to peak will shift. Finally, I would highlight Abecma and Zeposia, where performance has lagged expectations. For Abecma, in-class competition and dynamics with bi-specifics in late line multiple myeloma have impacted performance. At the same time, real world data generated by a consortium of KOLs demonstrates that our efficacy, safety and reliability are quite competitive. This has been further strengthened by recent data in triple-class refractory patients who receive bridging therapy, presented at the IMS conference. Our focus will be on ensuring our teams are fully leveraging this breadth of data to effectively reinforce the profile of this important treatment. For Zeposia, performance remained strong in MS. In UC, access has been a constraint that will require continued focus to unlock future growth. Again, Adam can provide additional context. Taken together, we now expect sales from this portfolio to be $3.5 billion in 2023. This is slightly lower than we had expected at the start of this year. Looking forward, we see continued growth. In the medium term, we do expect to achieve greater than $10 billion in sales for this portfolio in 2026, rather than 2025.  The commercial team is laser focused on building on the momentum of performance in the quarter and, importantly, accelerating performance where necessary. We are also further increasing our investment behind selective brands to ensure performance accelerates. Finally, I would highlight that our new product portfolio will expand this quarter with the addition of repotrectinib next month and, upon completion of the Mirati transaction, Krazati.  Turning now to our R&D engine on Slide 8, as I mentioned last month, we have exciting opportunities to strengthen our pipeline and deliver more important medicines to patients across therapeutic areas, including expanding our registrational pipeline from six to 12 assets over the next 18 months.  Since our R&D day, we’ve continued to make progress. In oncology for Opdivo, we’ve delivered several growth drivers, including U.S. approval in stage 2 adjuvant melanoma, presentation of positive data for peri-adjuvant lung with CheckMate -77T and for first line bladder cancer with CheckMate -901, and importantly we’ve met the co-primary endpoints for the sub-cutaneous nivolumab trial, CheckMate -67T. This has the potential to open a regulatory approval in indications that constitute approximately 65% to 75% of today’s Opdivo business in the U.S. and extend franchise durability into the 2030s. You may have also seen that Mirati presented encouraging PD1 combination data in first line lung cancer at ESMO. These data further strengthen our conviction in the potential of Krazati and the value it will add to our oncology portfolio. This builds on the previously granted fast-track designation from FDA for the idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis indication. These actions reinforce the potential importance of this asset in these diseases with high unmet medical need. Importantly, our CD19 NEX T cell therapy is making progress. We have started dosing patients in our LPA study and today I can disclose that we have now achieved clearance from the FDA to begin our MS trial. These are important milestones that illustrate our strategy of rapidly advancing cell therapies into immunologic diseases and becoming leaders in the space. We are moving forward with other assets in our pipeline. You can expect to hear more about our hematology assets at ASH later this year and about ARLDD at a medical conference early next year. Turning to business development, a key priority for capital allocation on Slide 9. As you know, BD has been a key component of our strategy to supplement our internal innovation. Our recently announced planned Mirati acquisition is an excellent example of a transaction with great strategic fit, compelling science, and financial soundness. Through this acquisition, we’re strengthening and diversifying our oncology portfolio with the addition of Krazati and potentially PRMT5, along with a pipeline of future KRAS inhibitors and enabling programs. We maintain significant cash flow to support continued investments in business development, and this will remain a top priority for capital allocation for the company. Turning now to our scorecard on Slide 10, I’ve already discussed many of the positive recent milestone achievements noted here. While we recently learned that the second line HCC study for Opdualag did not support moving forward in a registrational trial for this indication, we have a second study underway in first line liver cancer that we expect to read out next year. In addition, as discussed already, we’ve seen a number of important accomplishments not included on this slide, notably first line bladder and subcu Opdivo. All of this speaks to continued strong pipeline execution and the progress of programs that will become important catalysts for future growth.  Turning to Slide 11, when you add everything up, as we discussed last month, we have numerous levers to drive growth into the back half of this decade and beyond. I’m confident in our ability to transform our portfolio both organically as well as through business development, and to deliver new medicines for patients. With that, I’ll turn it over to David to walk you through our product performance and financial results in more detail. David?
David Elkins: Thank you Chris, and thanks to all of you for joining our third quarter earnings call. Turning to Slide 13, let’s discuss our top line performance. Unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are made versus same period in 2022, and sales growth rates will be discussed on an underlying basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. Total company sales in the third quarter were $11 billion, driven by continued growth of our in-line and new product portfolio, offset by the expected decline in Revlimid sales.  Let’s move to our new product portfolio on Slide 14. During the quarter, we delivered solid growth for the portfolio with $928 million in revenue. Growth was strong across the portfolio, but we have seen an impact of Abecma from both manufacturing site maintenance in June and from increased availability and usage of alternative BCM targeting therapies for multiple myeloma. Based on the performance year-to-date, we now expect the new product portfolio to deliver roughly $3.5 billion for the full year 2023. This is primarily due to the impacts of our cell therapy franchise, particularly Abecma. As Chris mentioned, we are laser focused on continuing to accelerate growth of our in-line and new product portfolio into the next year and beyond. Let’s discuss performance of our solid tumor products on Slide 15. Our flagship oncology product, Opdivo, continues to grow well with sales up 11% globally. In the U.S., Opdivo grew 9% primarily driven by demand. Sequentially, sales grew double digit driven by demand and a reversal of roughly $50 million of unfavorable buying patterns in the second quarter. Outside the U.S., third quarter revenues increased 15%, primarily driven by demand for indications such as lung and gastric cancer. This performance along with potential new launch opportunities in peri-adjuvant lung and first line bladder, as well as in recently approved adjuvant melanoma indication reinforce our confidence in the continued growth for Opdivo. As Chris mentioned earlier, we now have positive data for the sub-cu formulation. We believe this supports the potential for an important new option for patients and strengthens the franchise longevity into the next decade.  With respect to our next-generation IOS at Opdualag, revenue nearly doubled as we build share in first line melanoma. In the U.S., we now see market share of roughly 25% with additional room to grow, particularly in the approximately 15% of patients that are still receiving PD1 monotherapy. Opdualag has become a new standard of care in patients with metastatic melanoma, where BMS’ total share is 65% in this important market. Let’s now turn to cardiovascular on Slide 16. Eliquis continued to grow with $2.7 billion in revenue in the quarter. In the U.S., sales grew 4% year-over-year driven by strong demand growth offset by unfavorable gross-to-nets due to channel mix, including impact of approximately $75 million in Q3. Internationally sales were primarily impacted by generic entries in Canada and the U.K. and pricing pressures we’ve mentioned in the past. At the same time, we’re encouraged to have successfully defended our IP in several EU countries this year, including France, Norway, and Sweden. Moving to Camzyos, our first-in-class obstructive HCM product, we are pleased with the continued growth of the product, delivering $68 million of revenue in the quarter. In the U.S., we added roughly 1,000 patients both to our hub and to commercial dispense. We are very encouraged to see good persistence with roughly 3,500 patients now on commercial drug. Our patient base continues to grow as we steadily bring more patients onto treatment and convert to commercial dispense.  Turning to our hematology products on Slide 17, starting with Revlimid, global sales in the quarter were just over $1.4 billion. At this point, we expect revenues of approximately $6 billion for the full year, primarily due to higher level of demand for lenalidomide.  Now onto Pomalyst, global revenues were down 2% versus prior year mainly due to free product dynamics in the U.S. we described in July. Internationally, demand for Pomalyst was stable. Revenues also benefited from a $40 million clinical supply purchase during the quarter.  Turning to Reblozyl, which generated revenues of $248 million in the quarter, in the U.S. revenue growth accelerated, increasing 28% year-over-year primarily driven by increased demand. With the Commands approval, we are seeing increased use in first line as well as an increase in second line patients that are rapidly switching from ESAs to Reblozyl, along with a continued increase in duration of treatment. Though it’s early in the launch in first line MDS, we’re hearing very positive feedback on the profile, especially in the community setting. Overall, we’re encouraged by the strong label for Reblozyl in first line MDS-associated anemia, and we believe it sets us up well to deliver this medicine to more patients with this disease.  Moving to Abecma with revenue of $93 million in the quarter, this was impacted by the manufacturing site maintenance in June and the use and available of other BCMA targeting agents.  Turning to Reblozyl, sales in the quarter were $92 million, more than double versus prior year and down slightly compared to prior quarter due to timing of infusions. As we mentioned in July, during the quarter we remained constrained with respect to vector; however, with continued strong demand in second and third line-plus large B-cell lymphoma and an expected increase in supply next year, we are confident in our ability to grow in 2024 and beyond. Let’s move to our immunology products on Slide 18. Global sales for Zeposia were $123 million, up 75% compared to prior year. In the U.S., in addition to $15 million contribution due to favorable gross-to-nets and inventory in the quarter, we continue to be pleased with the momentum in multiple sclerosis with a best-in-class share within the S1P class and continued volume growth in the very competitive ulcerative colitis market. Outside the U.S, sales increased mainly due to demand in MS. Turning to Sotyktu, underlying launch trends remain strong. Sales in the quarter were $66 million, which included a clinical supply purchase of approximately $30 million, and we saw continued strong volume demand during the quarter. With over 38,000 script equivalents dispensed since launch, we’ve delivered over 15,000 script equivalents in the U.S. during the third quarter. Within the oral category, our share is now roughly 40%, reinforcing that Sotyktu is establishing a position as the oral of choice in this market, and we are making progress converting covered CVS patients from the free drug program to commercial dispense. We expect this will take on average two to three months per patient. Building on our momentum, we continue to expect the further strengthening of access next year. Now moving to the P&L on Slide 19, I will focus my remarks on a few non-GAAP key line items, having just covered sales performance. Compared to Q2, gross margin was favorably impacted by product mix. Acquired in-process R&D in the quarter was $80 million, which was partially offset by $12 million of licensing income, resulting in a net impact of $0.03 of EPS. The reduction in the effective tax rate during the quarter was primarily due to recently issued Section 174 guidance regarding deductibility of certain research and development expenses. This resulted in an adjustment in the quarter to our estimated tax rate. Overall, third quarter earnings per share was $2.00 per share, growing approximately 1%.  Turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 20, cash flow generation and our balance sheet remain strong. Cash flow from operations in the quarter was approximately $4.8 billion with over $8 million in cash and marketable securities on hand at the end of Q3. Our capital allocation approach remains focused on business development as a top priority, with the planned acquisition of Mirati as an example.  We also remain focused on growing our dividend and on opportunistic share repurchases. In this regard, during the quarter we executed $4 billion of ASR and expect that to be completed by the end of the year. Today, we have roughly $2 billion of authorization outstanding. Lastly, turning to our 2023 non-GAAP guidance on Slide 21, we continue to expect revenue to decline in the low single digits compared to last year. As mentioned, we expect new products to be about $3.5 billion this year and for Revlimid to deliver about $6 billion.  Turning to opex, we continue to expect roughly low single digit decline compared to last year, corresponding to roughly $4.4 billion expected in the fourth quarter. Based on the changes to tax I described earlier, we are revising our full year effective tax rate to 15.5%. With respect to our earnings, we have increased the midpoint of our non-GAAP EPS guidance and narrowed the range to $7.50 to $7.65. With respect to our medium term guidance on Slide 22, as Chris described earlier, we reaffirm our low to mid single digit revenue CAGR from 2020 to 2025 and the $8 billion to $10 billion growth from our in-line portfolio during this period. We have adjusted our new product portfolio target to greater than $10 billion in 2026, a year later than previously communicated, and with respect to operating margin, [indiscernible] our target to greater than 37% through 2025 to reflect continued strong profitability while enabling flexibility to invest in future growth and incorporating the dilution from Mirati. Now before we turn it over to questions and answers, I’d like to recognize Giovanni’s leadership of the company and thank him for his considerable contributions in transforming BMS. I also want to acknowledge the hard work of our teams around the world during the quarter. I know that our people remain focused on delivering for patients and will continue to do so under Chris’ leadership moving forward. I’ll now turn the call back over to Tim, Giovanni and Chris for Q&A.
Tim Power: Thanks very much, David. Before we go to the first question, we know it’s a very busy morning. We want to get to as many questions as we can, so if you can try to keep to just one question per person, that would be very much appreciated. Keith, can we go to the first question, please?
Operator: Yes, thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] The first question comes from Chris Schott with JP Morgan.
Chris Schott: Great, thanks so much. Just maybe for me, just a bigger picture question. You’re lowering the 2025 targets. It sounds like there’s a couple of the products that adoption is just taking longer than expected. I guess, what gives the company confidence that this isn’t kind of a different dynamic with some of these products that isn’t going to enable maybe some of those longer term targets as you look out to 2030, that you’ve announced before. So maybe just kind of elaborate a little bit more on how much of -- how do you make sure the company is positioning itself to hit those longer term peak sales? And do we need to maybe just rethink some of the peak sales potentials of some of these assets, given what we’ve learned from the launches over the last year or so? Thanks so much.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Chris. This is Chris - I’ll start, and then I’m going to turn it over to Adam. I think it’s important to step back and be clear on what we’ve said on this call. First, I think it’s important to recognize that for the new product portfolio in totality, we continue to see very strong long-term potential, consistent with what we’ve said previously. There’s been no change in the conviction for this portfolio overall, and in fact the question really is a question of when, not if.  We have, however, recognized the timing change that we’ve communicated today, and that’s really around a few things. First, there are, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, a number of products where expectations -- where performance is achieving, if not exceeding expectations. However, we also have to acknowledge that there are a few products where the dynamics are different. For products like Sotyktu and Camzyos, the reality is while the long-term potential for these products remains unchanged, it’s taking a bit longer, and Adam can speak to those dynamics. And there are a couple of products where performance needs to change. And so, for example, with Abecma and Zeposia, we know that we’ve got challenges there. The team is re-orienting and making sure we’ve got the right resources and focus on delivering for those products. But I think it’s important that when you step back and look at the portfolio in totality, our conviction around these products and the importance that these products will play in terms of driving long-term growth and helping us diversify the business, that remains unchanged.  You then layer on that to good in-line performance with products like Eliquis and Opdivo, we’re as confident as we have been on the long-term growth profile of the company. The focus right now is around executing on the commercial side, continuing to move the pipeline forward, and ensuring that we’ve got the right focus on bringing innovation in externally with business development. Adam, anything you would add?
Adam Lenkowsky: No, I think you covered it very well.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Chris.
Tim Power: Thanks Chris. Keith, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes, and that comes from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. 
Geoff Meacham: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question. You have recent data for sub-cu Optivo. I guess the question is, what’s the incremental benefit here, and maybe how strategically important is this approach, just given IRA implementation and potential opportunities to extend the LOE? Thank you very much.
Chris Boerner: Thanks Jeff, I’ll start. In spite of a lot of the progress, when you look at IO, there are still opportunities we know to improve patient experience and address the treatment burden that exists with these assets, and that’s really where sub-cu comes into play. And we’re very pleased with the data that we’ve seen with 67T. The data are compelling in our view, and we look forward to after we finish the review presenting those at an upcoming conference and obviously engaging with regulators. The way we’ve thought about the sub-cu program consistently is that this would address specific patient needs, as well as the opportunity to address those centers were, for example, chair time is at a premium, and that’s still where we think this will go.  We think that these indications will represent somewhere between 65% and 75% of the Opdivo business as it sits today, and with focused effort we think we can convert roughly about 50% of the overall business over time, and so that’s really how we’re thinking about it. And if we’re successful in doing that, we think this has the potential to extend the franchise into the early 2030s.
Tim Power: Thanks Chris. Keith, can we go the next question, please?
Operator: Yes, and that comes from Luisa Hector with Berenberg. 
Luisa Hector: Oh, hi, thank you for taking my question. Still on the medium term outlook, can you confirm that there is no contribution from Mirati in that guidance, and then perhaps some comments around the lower margin expectation, is that purely linked to new product revenue guidance or are there other factors at play? Thank you.
David Elkins: Thanks for the question. So the long-term guidance for the new product portfolio does not include anything related to -- from a Mirati sales perspective. If you do recall, we did say the dilution next year related to Mirati is about $0.35. As it relates to the margin, that does factor in how we view our margin going forward. If you recall previously, our mid-term guidance is margins above 40%, but we continue to see opportunity to invest in our launch portfolio and invest behind products like Camzyos and Sotyktu, as well as our cell therapies, but also we continue to see opportunities in our portfolio. As you know, we had multiple read-outs this quarter, LPA being one of those, as well as additional indications for Opdivo, and we have first line Commands. But as we step back and what we shared at R&D Day, we see opportunities to continue to accelerate in our R&D pipeline. So that’s why we revised our guidance to incorporate the dilution from Mirati but as well as the investments that we’re making in the new product portfolio and the R&D portfolio. 
Tim Power: Thanks, David. Keith, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes, and that comes from Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim.
Seamus Fernandez: Thanks for the question. So just trying to get a little bit of a better sense on the 37% margin guidance. Is that something that we should anticipate is a potential floor in 2024 as you lose the Keytruda royalty, or is it really sort of a sequential floor for margins in 2025 as you lose Sprycel and Pomalyst, following the loss of the Keytruda royalty? Just trying to get a sense of kind of the path to 2025 as we move through the balance of this year and next year. Thanks.
David Elkins: Yes, thanks, Seamus, for the question. And the 37% guidance is a floor that we’ve provided as we look forward to that midterm period, which is 2025. We haven’t provided guidance yet. We’ll do that on the fourth quarter earnings call as it relates to 2024, which I think is what your question is getting after.  I’d say the one thing to think about is, one, we’ve talked about Revlimid in the past and we’ve said, we’ve revised Revlimid’s guidance this year from $5.5 billion to $6 billion, and we still see next year stepping down to about that $4 billion, and then we’ll update you on all the other line items when we do our fourth quarter earnings as far as profitability next year. But you should think about the operating margin as a floor as we look forward through ’25. 
Tim Power: Thanks, David, and thanks for the question, Seamus. Keith, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly, and that comes from Chris Shibutani with Goldman Sachs. 
Chris Shibutani: Thank you very much. You’ve made some comments about Sotyktu and the reimbursement environment as that is evolving, and the constraints that you have. Perhaps for Adam or whomever would be appropriate, could you comment further about what you’re seeing there and how we should be thinking about the cadence? I think the set-up had been that ’24 would be an opportunity, and that seems to be slightly different.
Adam Lenkowsky: Chris, thank you for the question. First, I want to say we’re very pleased with the performance of Sotyktu. Our goal remains to be the standard of care in the oral market. In fact, as you heard, we have achieved now a 40% share of newly written prescriptions and we’re the third most newly prescribed systemic therapy, and we’ve done that in a little over a year post launch. Now as you have stated, our focus really is around accelerating access, and we anticipate achieving broader access in 2024 and continuing in 2025. Remember, today Sotyktu is not covered on approximately 80% of lives in the United States, and so we expect to see significant improvements coming next year. We’re in the throes of negotiations with the PBMs, so we would expect to see a marked improvement in 2024 and that could continue into 2025, where we would expect to have very broad access across the other two PBMs. We’re very confident in our ability to achieve that.
Tim Power: Terrific, thanks Adam. Could we go do the next question please, Keith?
Operator: Yes, certainly, and that comes from Steven Scala with TD Cowen. 
Steven Scala: Thank you very much. Regarding the midterm guidance changes, I’m a bit puzzled as to why now, particularly when you had a major meeting last month and time to go through the specifics - I’m sure these changes were evident at that point, or wait until Q4 when you have to set the stage for 2024 and beyond. I think the answer will be that that was an R&D meeting last month, but still, Chris, you opened the meeting by kind of setting the stage and tone for the company, so I’m just wondering why you’re setting these changes in on a Q3 call. Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Sure Steve, let me take that, and then David can provide additional color. The timing of the shift is really driven by the fact that in the short term, we have seen additional trends mainly around Abecma that have required that we change our short term guidance, and that’s giving the guidance for the new product portfolio for this year. Now as we’ve said, we expect that portfolio to be roughly $3.5 billion this year, and that is slightly less than what we had anticipated when we began this year. As a result of that change and what we’re seeing with the new product portfolio, the dynamics of which I described in the prepared remarks, we made the decision that we wanted to update the ’25 guidance as we anticipated that would be a question that would come out on this call, and so that’s why we made the decision to change the 2025 guidance. Then of course, as we get into next year, we’ll provide additional color as to how we expect 2024 to proceed. That was really the motivation for the timing of why we decided to make the changes in guidance today.
Tim Power: Thanks Chris. Keith, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly, and that comes from Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley.
Terence Flynn: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. I guess Chris, maybe for you, just the launch reboot strategy for some the drugs that have come in below your expectations, maybe you could just walk us through each of those and some of the steps you’re taking, and why you’re confident that that’s going to have success. Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Sure Terence, let me start and then I’ll ask Adam to provide some specifics really around the products where we think we’re going to need to have either a reboot or where we are moving to accelerate. I think the way I characterized it in the opening remarks is right - we have a number of products which are either hitting or exceeding our expectations. Certainly Opdualag, Reblozyl is performing very, very well. Breyanzi, as David alluded to, we saw good performance in the quarter, but importantly, we’re seeing very strong manufacturing performance and we anticipate both supply and the quality of manufacturing for that product to improve, and given the profile of the drug, we have every expectation that’s going to continue to perform very well as we get into 2024, so those products, we feel very good about. For Sotyktu and Camzyos, the dynamics are the products are just taking a bit longer and the trajectory for those products requires that we think about the time to peak being shifted back. What’s important, and Adam can speak to this, is the fundamentals for both of those products continued to be very, very strong. We’ve got good, strong share for Sotyktu, we anticipate given the quality of that data and what we’re seeing from customers, this will become the oral standard of choice, which is remember what the objective was when we launched the product. For Camzyos, every metric across this product, whether it relates to how physicians see the product and how patients see the product, remains very strong. The dynamics in the cardiovascular market are such that that’s just simply going to take a bit longer. I’ll have Adam speak to any additional color on those two product, but mainly focused on Abecma and on Zeposia. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, thanks Chris, and thanks Terence for the question. Let me just add a little bit more color. As you heard, we have said that we’re seeing continued impact from additional BCMA agents pressuring Abecma growth, and so our teams are focused on, number one, expanding our site footprint both in the U.S. and internationally. We’re differentiating and contextualizing Abecma real-world data for physicians, which really look very similar and consistent with our clinical trials, and we’re educating on sequencing and some of the emerging data that the use of self-therapy ahead of bi-specifics is ultimately better for patient outcomes. We’re also very pleased with the progress we made on manufacturing around our predictability and low out-of-spec rates, so that’s what we’re really doing around Abecma. As it relates to Zeposia, as Chris mentioned, and then I’ll shift to the others, we continue to see quarterly demand growth. MS is really driving that growth, and so we’ve made a lot of progress on the MS front even in a declining oral market in favor of B-cell, and so we continue to expect growth in the MS market. Now, we have certainly an opportunity for continued growth in UC. We’re making progress, but our access challenges there, they remain, and we’re working to improve our access position. But we’re also seeing progress in Zeposia in the first line setting post ASA as physicians are identifying Zeposia really as a good treatment option based on its efficacy and safety profile, so we’re focusing there on expanding breadth of prescribing and continuing to really drive adoption across a broader use of physicians. For those reasons, we do expect to see continued growth and uptake for Zeposia. Now as it relates to Camzyos and Sotyktu, as Chris opened, he talked about the importance of those two products and really not a matter of if, but a matter of when, and that’s why we made that decision. For Camzyos, we are pleased with the uptake there. The focus on Camzyos remains to continue to increase our breadth in our COEs, go outside of the COEs to the non-centers of excellence to expand utilization. We’re seeing doctors are much more comfortable in using, and the patient response has also been very, very strong there, and continuing to bring patients out of the hub. Remember, these patients are going to be on treatment for a very long time. Then finally, again I’ll just close on Sotyktu, I mentioned some of the key areas that we’re focused on around access, and David talked about pulling through those patients through the hub, but we also continue to drive breadth of prescribers, where we’re making really meaningful progress and reinforcing our superior efficacy profile compared to Otezla. 
Tim Power: Thanks Adam. Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Sure, and that comes from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital.
Evan Seigerman: Hi guys, thank you for taking my question. This one’s on Mirati. Krazati and the general KRAS G12C class has recently really fallen below expectations. Could you just walk me through your thinking of the opportunity for Krazati? What’s the key value driver here in the acquisition, and what could you do differently versus Mirati to accelerate growth of this asset?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, thanks Evan for the question. We’re very confident in Krazati’s significant commercial opportunity as we believe this is a best-in-class KRAS G12C. The real opportunity for Krazati is in the first line setting, in lung cancer, and so we have--you know, Mirati has started their Phase III study in combination with PD1. We’ll also see data around the triplet, so PD1-chemo-KRAS. I think that’s another significant advantage of Krazati, where it can combine with multiple agents, including PD1. We’ll obviously need data to understand the potential of that opportunity, but Evan, we think this could bring significantly greater upside to this opportunity. Then also, we’re very excited about the other assets that Mirati has - PRMT5, KRAS G12D, and the SOS1 inhibitor which we think also are showing very promising early efficacy. Taken together, we do believe that this is a really exciting deal for the company and will be a strong catalyst of growth in the back end of this decade.
Tim Power: Thanks Adam. Keith, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly, and that comes from Carter Gould with Barclays.
Carter Gould: Hi, good morning guy. On Abecma, can you help frame--you mentioned some of the headwinds, and some of those are obviously transient in nature. How should we think about how long it might take to get back to the run rate you were seeing in the first half of ’23, and I guess along those lines as well, given some of the commentary on the guidance, just your confidence in an on-time approval of KarMMA-3? Thank you.
Sarnit Hirawat: This is Sarnit. Let me just start off with the KarMMA-3 part first. As you know, we have a PDUFA date in December, and that’s all pretty much we can comment on as we continue to work with the regulatory agencies to bring it forward.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes Carter, I’ll just expand on that just a little bit. We mentioned two things in last quarter’s earnings, remember - number one, the S12 maintenance that occurred in June would dampen Q3 sales, and we’re seeing that happen; however, we are also seeing a continued impact from additional BCMA targeted agents, so we knew this was going to be a highly competitive market, putting pressure on growth, and I talked about what we’re doing to really stabilize that business and return it to growth. Clearly, a KarMMA-3 approval would move Abecma into earlier lines of treatment and be a catalyst to return Abecma to growth by opening up a significant larger patient pool; but as Sarnit said, obviously we have to wait to see that approval come.
Tim Power: Thanks Adam. Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly, and that comes from Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew Baum: Thank you. A question for Adam - many of your predecessors have been scarred trying to get off the bridge onto reimbursed plans. Are you still confident that you’re going to be able to, by the end of this year, get 60% of your CVS insured patients off the bridge onto reimbursed status?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes Andrew, thanks for the question. Conversion is going as we expected. We are focused on pulling through the early access win for Sotyktu at CVS and shifting those patients to commercial product from bridge. As I said last time on the call, it takes about two to three months for patients to move from bridge to commercial, and we have started to see that conversion happening towards the end of Q3. We believe the majority of CVS patients will be coming out of the hub by Q4 and start to see some benefit towards the tail end of Q4 and into Q1. We’re also seeing new patients on CVS move very quickly into commercial product, so that’s also helping to accelerate performance.  I talked earlier that coupled with broader formulary access in January of 2024, we’re confident that will be a strong accelerator of growth for Sotyktu in 2024 and beyond.
Tim Power: Thank you Adam. Keith, could we go to our next question, please?
Operator: Yes, and once again, please press star and then one if you would like to ask a question. The next question comes from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research
Tim Anderson: Thank you. You gave product-specific peak sales targets out to 2030 - I think you did that for almost 10 products. Are any of those trending ahead of what those prior targets were - we’ve heard several things it sounds like where it might be trending below that, and are we going to get updated 2030 targets on that same list of products at some point? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Tim, let me start and I’ll ask Adam to comment on how we’re seeing performance trends overall. But what I would say is, look - I would go back to how I characterized the new product portfolio at the beginning. We’ve launched nine new products over the last two and a half years, and it’s a portfolio of products, and we are seeing some products perform at or better than expected. I think when you factor in some of the early manufacturing constraints that we had, I look at a product like Breyanzi, the best-in-class profile of that product has considerable opportunity to meet or exceed expectations.  Look, I think we knew the competitive dynamics around Abecma coming into this launch. I fully expect that the team is going to get that product back on track as it relates to competition from other BCMA targeted agents, but in the long run, that product will continue to be a competitive product for us. Then certainly as we look at the opportunity for a product like Camzyos and a product like Sotyktu, we think the long-term potential still remains on track, and possibly for a product like Camzyos, in excess of what we had anticipated. Then as you would expect in any portfolio product, there are a couple of products where performance is lagging - we’ve highlighted what those are, but maybe I’ll ask Adam to comment on any additional underlying dynamics he wants to speak to.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, thanks for the question. I think when we look at the totality of the portfolio, we obviously see some products that are ahead where we projected them to be at peak, and some are tracking behind, but taken together, we don’t see any changes in what we had discussed, which was on a non-risk adjusted basis that the new product portfolio could exceed that objective by 2030. Chris talked about some of the pushes and pulls. I would just add Reblozyl is certainly a product that we’re seeing that is tracking at or even ahead of expectations with the Commands label. Camzyos, we also see that tracking ahead in the longer term. Yes, it’s taking slower than we initially guided to, but it’s tracking very similar to a very, very strong cardiovascular launch, and so we expect that adoption to continue with sustained growth into the near term. Chris mentioned Breyanzi - you know, Breyanzi has been seeing--has the best-in-class self-therapy agent, and coming into next year, we’re going to be in a much better supply position and that is going to help accelerate and catalyze that product, and also Sotyktu as well, because if you think about Sotyktu, once we are able to secure access early next year, we’ll see accelerations in PSO but we also have important data read-outs, as you know, coming in PSA and in SLE, or lupus, which will contribute to having Sotyktu exceed potentially our expectations in the back end of the decade.
Chris Boerner: Tim, just to close it out, we have said that that product portfolio had $25 billion-plus potential. Where we sit today, we still see that potential - at least $25 billion as we get to the end of this decade.
Tim Power: Thanks Chris. Can we go to the next question please, Keith?
Operator: Yes, and it comes from David Risinger with Leerink Partners.
David Risinger: Yes, thanks very much. I just wanted to pivot to 2026. Considering that you extended the new product portfolio revenue guidance to ’26, could you please comment on both the in-line product segment and the recent LOE segments for ’26, specifically how you’d frame the magnitude of potential declines for Eliquis and Revlimid, given the pressures that they are set to face? Thank you very much.
David Elkins: Thanks David. Just as a reminder, as far as--the only change that we made was from the new product portfolio going to ’26. We’re not providing line item guidance for the other line items, but what I would like to do is just remind you there’s really no change to that in-line portfolio going from 2010 to 2025 at $8 billion to $10 billion. We feel very confident in that, and I think the double-digit growth you saw in Opdivo year-to-date demonstrates our continued confidence there. The only change that we’ve made in relation to the guidance was in that new product portfolio out to ’26.  As it relates to the LOE, again we increased the guidance this year for Revlimid from 5.5 to 6, and as we’ve said on the second quarter, there’s really no change to how we’re looking at it, which is pretty consistent with where consensus is for ’24 and ’25, dropping down to about $4 billion next year and $2 billion in ’25.  Remember - by the time we finish this year, Revlimid will be beyond 60% of the erosion of that product, and a significant portion of our growth going forward is going to be represented by that in-line and new product portfolio. LOEs in 2025 will be less than 10% of our total revenue, so we’ll have a much younger portfolio by the time we get to ’25 and that will set us up well for ’26. That’s where we stand today.
Tim Power: Thanks David. Let’s go to the next question, please, Keith.
Operator: Yes, the next one is coming from Robyn Karnauskas with Truist.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi. I think all the questions are focused on near term, but I have gotten a lot of bullish indicators on your launches, thinking more longer term, like next year. We’ve heard from KOLs that LVEF drops in the real world for Camzyos seem to be better than what we’re seeing in the clinical trials. Maybe you can provide some color on what you’re seeing and how that’s impacted uptake, and I think big picture, do you see any potential for changes to REMS because of what you’re seeing? Thanks.
Sarnit Hirawat: Thank you Robyn. I think what we have heard and what Adam has talked about in the past as well, that overall profile for Camzyos as we think about patients and the prescribers remains very, very positive, and we remain very confident on that profile as well. As it relates to the REMS impact, look - these are data that we have to collect for a long time from the real world. There is no commitment in terms of really getting the REMS changed, but certainly we will continue to try as more and more data evolves and more and more patients are put on Camzyos. Overall, once the patient goes on Camzyos, we have not heard of any stories of patients trying to get off Camzyos; in fact, even if they have to interrupt for any other reasons, they want to go back on the drug because of the benefit that they see in their quality of life and how they perform on their overall daily living.
Tim Power: Thanks Sarnit. Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes, and that comes from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo.
Mohit Bansal: Great, thank you for taking my question. My question is regarding--my question is related to Sotyktu, because it seems like in the prepared remarks, you mentioned that Sotyktu contracting to zero step edits may run to 2025, and you mentioned because there are some changes in the immunologic contracting market. Can you please help us understand that a little bit better - what are these changes, and how should we think about the long-term net pricing for this category? Thank you.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes Mohit, thanks for the question. I’ll take that one. As I said, we are working to improve significantly our formulary access in 2024, and as I said, we have approximately 80% of lives today that are not covered on Sotyktu. We expect that to change dramatically as we move into next year; however, when you look at where we will likely be in 2024, we will likely have the majority of our business in either zero or one step edit position. When we’re talking to PBMs, and the reason why we’re talking a little bit about 2025, PBMs are really thinking about different ways to manage the PSO class, as well as the broader immunology class, with now more and more bio-similiar Humira coming into the market, and so those decisions have not yet been finalized for 2025. But as I stated, we’re very confident that we will see a significantly broader access position next year, so we’ll go from non-covered to being covered, which will be a really nice growth opportunity for Sotyktu as we move into early next year.
Tim Power: Thanks Adam. Let’s go to the next question, please.
Operator: Yes, and that comes from Olivia Brayer with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Olivia Brayer: Hey, good morning, and thank you for the question. M&A has obviously been something that you guys have leaned into, so does that strategy change at all after the Mirati deal, and if there is still an appetite for midsized deals, are there certain areas that maybe best fit your growth strategy going forward?
Chris Boerner: Sure, let me take that one. As we’ve said consistently, business development remains the top priority for capital allocation at the company. What I would say is at a macro level, the way we think about business development is somewhat consistent with the way we’ve always thought about, which is we are going to be looking for deals that are scientifically interesting and related to things that we know well, that are going to be strategically relevant for the company and, of course, they have to be financially sound. The one thing that I would add is that we are going to index more heavily on those deals that enhance the growth profile of the company - that’s an area that we remain fixated on as a management team, and so I think that’s going to factor into how we think about business development going forward. We’re going to see areas, of course, that enhance the portfolio or help us to continue to give us capabilities or products that we don’t have today.  I think in some ways, that’s how you can think about Mirati. Mirati continues to diversify our oncology business away [indiscernible] towards targeted therapies. We’re very excited about that opportunity, but I think generally speaking the way we approach business development will be largely consistent again, that we’ll be focusing on great science that can enhance the growth profile of the company.
Tim Power: Great, thanks. Keith, can we go to our last question, please?
Operator: Yes, and that comes from Dane Leone with Raymond James.
Sean: Hi guys, this is Sean [ph] on for Dan. Thanks for taking the questions.  Maybe we can get a little bit more color on those Camzyos script trends. It does appear that the number of patients entering the hub may be slightly slowing, so just any further color on what you’ve been hearing from physicians on how burdensome the REMS program is and what you expect for further growth. Thanks.
Adam Lenkowsky: Sure Sean, I’ll take that question. We’re very pleased with what we’re seeing in the launch of Camzyos. We continue to see week-over-week consistency in patient starts and rapid conversion of patients from the hub to commercial. As we’ve all said, we would expect to see steady, consistent and sustained uptake for this product into the distant future. We don’t expect an inflection but rather an accumulation of patients coming onto treatment and staying on treatment for a very long period of time. Right now, we’ve got 5,000 patients in the hub and approximately 3,500 patients on commercial product, so that coupled with patient and physician feedback, which continues to be very strong, we’re focusing on driving penetration at our top centers where we have 90% adoption in our top 100 centers, and expanding use outside of those COEs. We’re also focused on increasing diagnosis rates by activating patients, and as you know, we recently received approval internationally as well in Europe, so that will also be a contributor to growth. Taken together, we’re very confident this will lead to continued and sustained growth of this important product. 
Chris Boerner: Maybe I’ll close, so first, thank you all for joining the call. I know it’s a very busy day. What I would just say to summarize where we are is, look, this team continues to be fixated on driving the growth profile of the company. How we go about doing that is, as we’ve discussed on the call, we’re going to continue to drive in-line product performance. The new product portfolio, we have continued very strong conviction in the long-term potential of this portfolio. Our focus is going to be continuing to drive where we have momentum today and accelerate those products where we need to accelerate, and that focus on execution transcends across the entire portfolio, including continuing to drive execution in R&D and continuing to find and source really attractive assets externally.  With that, we’ll close the call, and as always, the team is available to answer any questions following today’s discussion. Hope you all have a good day and rest of the week.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask question. [Operator Instructions] Please also note, today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Tim Power, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Power, please go ahead.
Timothy Power: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning for our second quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Chris Boerner, our Chief Operating Officer; Adam Lenkowsky, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you'll note, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can follow along with for Giovanni and David's remarks. But before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statement. During this call, we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which were adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. With that, I'll hand it over to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. And good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 4, as you will have seen in our press release this morning, today we updated our outlook for 2023. The updates were driven by a significant change in our expectations for Revlimid and to a lesser extent Pomalyst for the year. Let me say that we do not take an adjustment of this magnitude lightly. Before I provide you with more detail, when I look at the company overall, I'm encouraged by the strength of the in-line and new products, as well as the progress with our pipeline. These are the drivers that will enable us to renew our portfolio and strengthen our business in the future. The impact we are discussing today is limited to Revlimid and to a lesser extent, Pomalyst and we expect it to be relevant only to this year, as I'll discuss shortly. Importantly, our in-line and new product portfolios remain on track. We are pleased with continued strong performance from our in-line business and are confident in our ability to roughly double revenue from our new products this year. In fact, our new product portfolio is already annualizing at $3.5 billion as of Q2. As a result of these strong trends, we are reaffirming all our financial commitments for the 2020-2025 period. Given our confidence in our future, this morning we also announced our intention to execute a $4 billion accelerated share repurchase in the third quarter. Let me now provide some details on today's update. Our revised guidance reflects a $1 billion decrease for Revlimid. And we are now guiding to approximately $5.5 billion in 2023. Combined with a roughly $300 million impact for Pomalyst, these changes account for our revised guidance on revenue and EPS ranges. As you know, we are navigating generic entry for Revlimid, though this is not the driver of our revision in outlook. Concurrent with entry of the most recent wave of generic volumes, we saw some softness in Revlimid sales beginning at the end of the first quarter. As we looked into its drivers, we recognized there had been an unusual increase in utilization of three drug provided by the Independent BMS Patient Assistance Foundation starting at the same time. In Q2, the number of patients on free drug continued to increase and reached a level significantly higher than normal. The impact on Revlimid and Pomalyst revenues also accelerated in Q2. This issue is the main driver of our revised guidance. The situation is complex and to explain it, I'll turn to Slide 5 to remind everyone of some of the ways we meet our commitment to support eligible patients who can't afford their medicines. For commercially insured patients, we provide the co-pay support to eligible patients. Under US law, however, we cannot provide co-pay support to government insured patients, such as Medicare patients. There are third-party independent charitable foundations that provide financial assistance to patients to help without a pocket cost, including Medicare patients. These charitable foundations are supported financially in a variety of ways, these includes contributions from donors, including BMS, consistent with HHS guidance. Additionally, we donate BMS products to the Independent BMS Patient Assistance Foundation, which provides free medicine to all qualified patients who are not financially supported elsewhere. Importantly, to comply with government guidance, once patients enter this program, the BMS Patient Assistance Foundation provides free product through the end of the calendar year. Earlier this year, funds at independent third-party charitable foundations, the ones that provide financial assistance to eligible multiple myeloma patients closed for a period of time. This was because the collective funding from donors was not sufficient to meet the need for co-pay assistance for the patients taking the variety of medicines that the multiple myeloma funds support. We believe the funds closing for a period of time was the primary driver for an increase in patients requesting free product from the Independent BMS Patient Assistance Foundation. During the second quarter, the level of free product utilization continued to increase and ultimately reached a level that was significantly higher than normal. These dynamics were building, while we were also navigating the most recent wave of generic volumes for Revlimid. Today, we are able to provide you with an update on our company guidance for the year that incorporates the impact from both Revlimid and Pomalyst. I want to underscore that we do not expect these dynamics to continue into next year. This is based on two key factors. First, the BMS Patient Assistance Foundation has seen applications for free product returning to normal levels. Second, changes in Medicare Part D coverage taking effect in 2024 will help improve patient affordability. This should directly impact the number of patients needing to access the free drug program. So, to sum up what this means financially, we estimated the impact of the increase in patients receiving free products to be approximately $330 million for Revlimid and Pomalyst in Q2, with about 80% of that being Revlimid. Because the BMS Patient Assistance Foundation provides free drug for the calendar year, the impact for Revlimid and Pomalyst will be more significant for the full year, approximately $1 billion and $300 million, respectively. Since revenues for Revlimid are lower than expected this year, we now expect a lower step down of approximately $1.5 billion in 2024 and $2 billion in 2025. Now, turning back to the products that will be key to our future. Let me turn to Slide 6 and our new products. Here, you can see that we continue to deliver very strong growth and remain on track to roughly double revenue for this portfolio this year. David will provide more details in a few minutes, and we see good momentum and growth opportunities across the portfolio, including progress with accelerating access for Sotyktu, building demand, and conversion to commercial dispense for Camzyos in the US and achieving approval in Europe, continuing to build capacity for our cell therapy assets, as well as growing Reblozyl in its current indications in advance of an exciting future launch with COMMANDS. On Slide 7, I would like to remind you of the targets we've provided for our new product portfolio. The process of renewing our portfolio and growing the business for the long term centers first on our nine recently launched products. The combination of our scientific innovation and commercial execution gives us great confidence in the growth trajectory of these set of products. We continue to expect to deliver $10 billion to $13 billion of revenue from this portfolio in 2025. And the opportunity remains significant. With $25 billion plus of potential revenue in 2030 on a non-risk adjusted. Importantly we are continuing to further derisk these products with opportunities such as COMANDS for Reblozyl, CLL and follicular and mantle cell lymphomas for Breyanzi and many more. Which brings me to our scorecard, outlining our strong pipeline execution on Slide 8. As I mentioned, we are making progress derisking our new products, as well as accelerating our pipeline more broadly. And we achieved some important clinical milestones this quarter. During the second quarter, we presented exciting data for our LPA1 agonist in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. The Phase 2 data for this drug showed more than a 60% reduction in the rate of decline in lung function without any of the GI tolerability issues associated with existing drugs. With the proof of concept also achieved in progressive pulmonary fibrosis, we look forward to presenting more data for this asset and we are rapidly moving to Phase 3 trials. ASCO and EHA were important meetings for us this year. In addition to presenting the Reblozyl COMMANDS data, strong data was presented for Opdivoin in first line classical Hodgkin lymphoma and for our GPRC5D cell therapy program in multiple myeloma. And we are excited to move this into registrational trials. This underpins the growth potential of our IO franchise and the incredibly exciting opportunities we see ahead for our leading cell therapy platform, including into new areas such as immunologic diseases. We have also announced a positive outcome from our Checkmate-901 trial of Opdivo and chemotherapy in cisplatin eligible first line metastatic bladder cancer. Not only is this a very positive development for these patients, it speaks to the breadth of opportunity in our pipeline beyond what's shown on this slide. We have a rich and broad pipe line that we continue to advance rapidly. We are looking forward to sharing more about the opportunities we see coming from our scientific research at our R&D day in September. Now I'd like to spend a minute to take stock of where we are on our portfolio renewal journey. Turning to Slide 9, with 60% of the Revlimid erosion behind us at the end of 2023, we are well on track to meet our commitment of growing revenue low to mid-single digit CAGR from 2020 to 2025. When, as we have told you, our recent LOEs would represent at most 10% of our revenue. The profitability of our business with operating margin of at least 40% provides us with the financial flexibility needed to continue to invest in our future. Turning now to Slide 10. I want to reiterate that our focus and our confidence in the renewal of our portfolio are as strong as ever. These rests on our in line and new product portfolios and our pipeline as the key drivers of our performance beyond 2025 and we are pleased with where we are. There are four important levers which will enable us to renew our portfolio in the second half of the decade as Eliquis and Opdivo lose exclusivity. The continued growth of the nine medicines in our new product portfolio from $10 billion, $13 billion in 2025 to realization of their full potential of at least $25 billion on non-risk adjusted revenue by the end of the decade, the potential launch of six registrational stage assets with meaningful contributions before the end of the decade, continued progress with our early stage pipeline, and potential external innovation through business development. We are executing well on all four fronts. I'm excited and confident about what the future holds for Bristol Myers Squibb. Before I turn the call over to David, I want to thank our teams globally for the commitment to our patience and focus on our business. David will now walk you through our product performance and financial results in more detail. David?
David Elkins: Thank you, Giovanni. And thank you all for joining our second quarter earnings call. Let's turn to Slide 12 to discuss our top line performance. Unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are made versus same period in 2022 and sales growth rates will be discussed on an underlying basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. Total company sales in the second quarter were $11.2 billion, driven by continued strength of our in-line and new product portfolio. Offset by the Revlimid decline that Giovanni discussed earlier. At the same time, we continue to be pleased with the strong growth of our new product portfolio, which grew 79% in the quarter. Moving to our new product portfolio on Slide 13. I'm incredibly proud of the strong momentum in the quarter and pleased with the growth. The portfolio generated $862 million in sales in the quarter, already annualizing approximately $3.5 billion. New products grew significantly in the quarter and year-to-date with 79% and 91% growth, respectively, versus last year. This strong performance was driven by several of our key products across the portfolio, including Opdualag, Reblozyl, and our cell therapies, Breyanzi and Abecma, as well as Camzyos and Zeposia. Moving to our solid tumor performance on Slide 14. Global Opdivo sales year-to-date were strong, growing 11% versus prior year, primarily driven by continued demand for our newly launched and core indications. In the US, Opdivo grew 2% in the quarter versus last year, driven by demand in first line lung, gastric, and adjuvant bladder cancer indications, offset by customer buying patterns. Sequentially, we estimate these buying patterns to be about $50 million to a $100 billion. Importantly, year-to-date revenues were up 9% versus last year, with continued growth expected this year. Outside the US, second quarter revenues increased 10%, driven by demand for recently launched indications and expanded access. Moving to the strong launch of Opdualag. Sales in the quarter grew significantly over prior year, with revenues of a $154 million. This also represents 31% growth versus prior quarter. We're extremely pleased with the launch of Opdualag in first line melanoma with market share approaching 25% and continuing to be primarily sourced from PD-1 monotherapy. Positive experiences are driving repeat and expanded use across patients. This momentum gives us confidence in the ability for Opdualag to become the new standard of care in first line melanoma. Transitioning to our cardiovascular portfolio on Slide 15, beginning with Eliquis. We continue to be pleased with our leading [indiscernible], which generated sales of $3.2 billion globally, largely driven by the US, where sales grew 7% year-over-year, driven primarily by demand. Sequentially, as is typical in the second quarter, we start to experience unfavorable gross to net adjustments as patients enter into the [indiscernible]. As a reminder, these dynamics are more acute in the third and fourth quarters, with the second half revenues being lower than the first half as we see each year. Outside US, sales continue to be impacted primarily by generic entries in Canada and the UK, as well as government pricing measures we've mentioned in the past. Turning to Camzyos, which generated sales of $46 million in the quarter, we are pleased with our continued progress. We are seeing healthy increases in patients being treated week over week with approximately 38,000 patients in our hub, of which, approximately 25,000 patients are on commercial drug at the end of the quarter. We continue to make great progress with centers of excellence and broadening our prescriber base into the community setting. Patients have highlighted significant improvement in symptoms, which has resulted in strong adherence and minimal drop off. We are delighted to have updated the label for Camzyos based upon the VALOR study, which reinforces a strong data seen in EXPLORER study and further strengthens the clinical profile of Camzyos. Outside of the US, we're excited to have received European approval last month and look forward to making this fist-in-class medicine available to more patients once we secure reimbursement. Now turning to our hematology portfolio on Slide 16. I won't go into details on Revlimid and Pomalyst since Giovanni already discussed them earlier. I'll turn to Reblozyl. We had a strong quarter with revenues of $234 million, growing 35% versus prior year, primarily driven by demand. In the US, revenues grew 24%, primarily due to continued total prescription share growth driven by longer duration of treatment. Internationally, Reblozyl roughly doubled as we continue to secure reimbursement in additional countries. We have a strong foundation in place and look forward to the upcoming PDUFA date for Reblozyl in first line ESA-naive MDS patients on the COMMANDS data, which will further accelerate growth of the ban upon anticipated approval at the end of next month. Moving on to our transformative cell therapy products of Abecma and Breyanzi, we continue to make progress at expanding capacity which has enabled robust sales of $232 million, growing 81% versus prior year, driven by strong demand. Abecma booked sales of a $132 million globally, growing 48% versus last year, primarily due to demand and an increase in manufacturing capacity. We expect third quarter revenues to be lower than second quarter revenues due in part to planned manufacturing maintenance in June with growth expected in the fourth quarter. Having said that, we continue to be pleased with the [reusability] (ph) of our efficacy and safety data in the real world and the reliability of our manufacturing processes which were reinforced at ASCO. We also look forward to the upcoming PDUFA date in December for Abecma in early alliance based on the KarMMa-3 trial. Turning to Breyanzi, which generates sales of a $100 million globally, more than doubling versus prior year and 41% sequentially primarily driven by demand and second line and third line large B cell lymphoma, and the increased manufacturing capacity. We are pleased with our success in increasing supply. While vector constraints will result in third and fourth quarter revenues being largely similar to second quarter, we are further building out our capacity for growth next year. Outside the US, we are excited about the EU approval of Breyanzi in second line large B cell lymphoma and look forward to bringing this treatment to early aligned patients in Europe. Now let's turn to our immunology portfolio on slide 17. Global sales of Zeposia in the quarter were a $100 million, growing 52% compared to prior year and 28% sequentially. In the US, growth was primarily driven by demand in multiple sclerosis and expanding contribution from ulcerative colitis. Outside the US, sales increased year-over-year, primarily due to demand in multiple sclerosis and securing reimbursement in additional countries. And lastly, turning to Sotyktu. We are extremely pleased with the launch and progress we've made to date. Since launch, we have a greater than 23,000 script equivalent across bridge and commercial drug, nearly doubling volume in Q2 versus Q1. Sotyktu share of the oral market is now approaching 40%, continue to source more business from systemic naive patients as well as Otezla and biologic experience patients. I'm also very pleased to report that we've made progress accelerating access. Most notably, half of CBS plans with zero step edits effective mid-July. CBS indication based plans account for approximately 30 million people or roughly 15% of the commercial covered lives and we look forward to securing broader formulary access in 2024. Outside the US, we continue to be pleased with the strong launch performance in Japan, and are working with the various countries across Europe to secure reimbursement. Now moving to our second quarter P&L on Slide 18. I’ll focus my remarks on a few non-GAAP key line items having just covered the $11.2 billion of sales in the quarter. In the quarter, gross margin of approximately 75% was primarily impacted by product mix. Operating expenses of $4.2 billion excluding acquired in-process R&D, increased approximately 2% versus last year, largely driven by an increase in spend to support our new product portfolio. Acquired in-process R&D in the quarter was a $158 million, which was partially offset by $20 million of licensing income. Overall, second quarter earnings per share was $1.75. Turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 19. Cash flow generation on our balance sheet remains strong. Cash flow from operations in the quarter was approximately $1.9 billion, with over $8.7 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand as of June 30th. Cash flow from operations in quarter was primarily impacted by a $3 billion tax payments in the quarter, which is dynamic as we've seen in previous years. Our priorities for capital allocation remain unchanged, our business development continuing to be a top priority and a focus on balance sheet strength, as well as returning capital to shareholders. In the quarter, we repaid approximately $240 million of debt and $1.9 billion year-to-date, with an additional $2 billion maturing this year. Additionally, as Giovanni mentioned, we intend to execute a $4 billion ASR in the third quarter of this year with approximately $2 billion remaining in our share repurchase authorization after the ASR. Turning to our updated 2023 non-GAAP guidance on Slide 20. Our updated guidance reflects the decline of Revlimid into a lesser extent Pomalyst revenues, Giovanni mentioned earlier. We now expect 2023 revenues to decline in low single digit range on a reported and ex-FX basis, and gross margin is expected to be approximately 76%. Excluding the impact of acquired in-process R&D, we continue to expect low single digit decline in operating expenses, which reflects efficiency initiatives in MS&A as we continue to invest in our new product portfolio. For the third quarter, we expect total operating expenses to be largely similar to the second quarter at approximately $4.2 billion. Our tax rate is now expected to be 17.5%, reflecting changes in product mix and our earnings per share is now expected to be in the range of $7.35 to $7.65. Lastly, turning to Slide 21, despite Revlimid dynamics this year, the future of our company were driven by our in-line and new product portfolio. Importantly, the robust growth of this business remains unchanged. We continue to expect the new product portfolio to roughly double versus prior year. We are continuing to diversify our business and have become less concentrated as a result. As you can see, and as Giovanni mentioned earlier, in 2025 greater than 90% of our business is expected to come from our in-line and new product portfolios. We continue to expect low to mid-single digit CAGR from 2020 to 2025 and reaffirm our midterm outlook. Before we move to Q&A, I want to reiterate and recognize the strong execution of our teams to accelerate momentum of the future of our company, our new product portfolio. We remain laser focused on bringing these transformational medicines to patients around the globe. I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.
Timothy Power: Thanks very much, David. Jamie, can we go to the first question, please? Jamie, can we go to the first question please?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will go to the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Chris Shibutani from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Shibutani: Thank you very much. Good morning. When we think about the new product portfolio, particularly Slide 7, where you outlined your objectives for 2025 and to 2030. Camzyos sits at the top of that list in terms of being able to factor and to contribute. The initial journey, I think, it's pretty clear, outlining some of the challenges developing a new market, there's the REMS, et cetera. When do you think we're going to be able to get the kind of inflection that will build confidence in achieving those numbers, particularly approaching that $4 billion range, many factors go into this. Can you highlight sort of the most important and the potential timing there?
Christopher Boerner: Hey, Chris. It's Chris. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Adam to provide some specifics. But since you mentioned the new product portfolio, let me just highlight a few things at a macro level. First, we continue to be very confident in the progress of the new product portfolio. As you heard in the prepared remarks, we remain on track to roughly double the revenue of that portfolio. We're very much on track toward the $10 billion to $13 billion in 2025. And as Adam will highlight, I think we've made some very good progress really across that portfolio, not just Camzyos, but certainly Adam can provide additional details on Camzyos. So Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Chris, thanks for the question. Let me say about Camzyos, we're very pleased with the performance of Camzyos, which is on track with our launch expectations. We're seeing, as you heard from David, week-over-week in patients treated with Camzyos and we expect to see continued steady and consistent growth for this important brand. Remember that the launch trajectory of Camzyos is akin to what you see from a CV product. And I use the analogy, it's more similar to a product like Eliquis, so it continues to grow steadily. Now year-to-date we have great momentum for both patients coming into the hub and a commensurate increase in commercial patients. So, as patients continue to accumulate, we expect these patients to be on drug now for many years, multiple refills in 2023 and beyond. I think most importantly, patient feedback as well as physician feedback continues to be extremely positive. And we're also excited about the VALOR approval, which happened in the quarter, which further strengthens and solidifies the profile of Camzyos and will continue to increase adoption. We're also happy about the approval in Europe as well. So, we're just getting started there. So taken together, we're very confident this will lead to continued and sustained growth in 2023 and beyond.
Chris Shibutani: Thanks, Adam.
Timothy Power: Great. Thanks very much, Adam. Jamie. Can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Seigerman from BMO. Please go ahead with your question.
Evan Seigerman: Hi guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. I'd love for you to walk me through a little bit more of the rationale to do an accelerated share repurchase. Just given what's happening with Revlimid and the potential to maybe need to reinvest more in the business to grow revenues near term? Would love some color there? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Evan. This is Giovanni. So first of all, the decision to execute the $4 billion ASR and as you know, we had a $6 billion authorization outstanding is really driven by the great confidence we have in the future of the company. And importantly, the strong financial position we are in and the financial flexibility we have. So we remain in a position in which we are investing in the future of our company and that's in terms of supporting a great pipeline that we have internally, but also continuing to be committed to business development as the central pillar of the capital allocation strategy. I think as David has mentioned many times, we are in a strong position and the capital allocation strategy of the company remains very balanced. But given the confidence we have in where we are and the future of the company, we made a decision to execute the ASR of $4 billion in Q3.
Timothy Power: Great. Thanks, Giovanni. Jamie, could we go to the next one?
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Geoff Meacham: Thanks guys for the question. Just had a couple. So Giovanni went over the Revlimid dynamic in 2Q. Maybe just talk about the risk of recurrence of this co-pay assistance looking to 2024 for Revlimid or for Pomalyst? And then real quick on Sotyktu you guys with, obviously, CVS and maybe some other payers removing step edit. How should we think about kind of demand and share looking to second half of this year and going into 2024?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Sure. Thank you, Geoff. Let me take the first question and then we'll move to Sotyktu. So we do expect the dynamics that I discussed for Revlimid and to a lesser extent for Pomalyst to be limited to this year. And our confidence is based really on two factors. First of all, we are seeing that three drug applications to the BMS Patient Assistance Foundations have been returning to normal level. And second, remember there are significant changes to the Part D design next year which will improve patient affordability. In fact, patient contributions to the catastrophic phase are eliminated and there is an expansion to the pool of patients that qualifies. And so, as a result of that, we see this one being very much of a -- we expect this one to be very much an issue that has impacted this year for Pomalyst and to lesser degree -- sorry for Revlimid and a lesser extent Pomalyst. Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Thanks for the question, Geoff. So we're very pleased with the Sotyktu launch. Our Sotyktu oral market share is nearing 40% of the oral new demand market. We're making great progress towards our goal, which we have stated becoming the standard of care for oral product. We now have over 23,000 prescriptions since launch and that means we've doubled the volume of TRx equivalents from the second quarter versus the first quarter. And as you mentioned, we're very, very pleased that we're able to secure and pull forward an access win as [CVS] (ph) moves Sotyktu into preferred position in the middle of the month. So that brings roughly 30 million lives or 15% of the total commercial lives covered in the United States. So, being able to pull that forward we are [indiscernible] takes around two to three months to move patients from bridge to commercial drug. So we would expect a ramp for Sotyktu commercial product in the back end of the year. We're also in continued negotiations with payers right now to work to secure improved commercial access in January. And for all those reasons, I feel very good not only about our launch performance, but our execution and continued growth in the second half of the year, as well as into 2024.
Timothy Power: All right. Thanks very much, Adam. Jamie, can we go to the next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Terence Flynn from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe two for me. I was just wondering if [Samit] (ph), if you can talk about your confidence in Reblozyl securing a broad label in first line MDS. I know there been some discussion here post the ASCO presentation. And then, I was wondering if there's any update on the Opdivo Hodgkin's lymphoma indication in the frontline setting for NCCN guidance -- guideline updates? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Terrence. So let me ask Samit to start and then Adam will cover the Opdivo question.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Terrence. Thank you for the question. For Reblozyl, of course, we cannot comment specifically on the label and discussions with the regulatory agencies. But I just want to remind again on how this study was conducted with the intent to treat principles apply to this study where all comer population was engaged in the first line setting comparing versus ESA for RS positive and RS negative patients and you saw the data in all comer patient population as well as in the subset analysis and we repeatedly certainly tried to convey that if you think about the efficacy of the drug, what is most important for the patients is to stay half of transfusion. And in all subsets, you see that consistently across the board that patients who benefit, benefit, as well as they offer contributions for a long duration. So we are confident in our data. But of course, we will continue to wait for when the label is finalized and is able to share -- and we are able to share that. But Adam, do you want to add something?
Adam Lenkowsky: Sure. Thanks Samit. So we're excited about what we're seeing for Reblozyl for the quarter. The growth is coming both from the US and internationally as it relates to the COMMANDS approval. Remember, this is certainly an important launch for us. The PDUFA is in four weeks and our US team is launch ready. And so, what we're hearing from physicians, post ASCO, post EHA, physicians tell if they want to use Reblozyl regardless of our status because of the durability and the opportunity for transfusion dependent. So taken together, I think we're well positioned to be really the new standard of care in the first line setting. So as it relates to second question, which is, Opdivo in CHL. We also -- we're very pleased with the data presented at ASCO, where Opdivo demonstrated superiority versus [indiscernible] in a head-to-head study. Similarly, we've heard from oncologists that this data is practice changing. And as a reminder, this is a confirmatory study for our current indication under accelerated approval and we will work with [SWOG] (ph) on next steps to analyze the full data set and we also look forward to discussing this with regulators. I would also expect to see NCCN guideline as option over the coming weeks to months as well.
Timothy Power: Thanks very much, Adam. Let’s go to the next question please, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Schott from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks so much. Just two for me. Maybe first on the sales guidance, just so I'm clear, did anything else change in your revenue outlook beyond this update for Revlimid and Pomalyst or is that really the only change in the overall top line numbers? And then my second question was just on Breyanzi and Abecma. I'm just trying to get a sense of how to think about the capacity ramp from here. You've obviously had a nice kind of build in the first half of the year, but it seems like the guidance is pointing to sales kind of flattening out in the second half. So I guess, when can we think about the next kind of leg up for capacity for these products and how much of a ramp can we think about as we look out to 2024? Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. David and Adam.
David Elkins: Thanks, Chris. The only change to our guidance was related to the Revlimid and Pomalyst that we discussed before.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Chris, I'll take the second part of your question. We're [indiscernible] see across our cell therapy franchise. This year we made very good progress on increasing capacity for both of Abecma and Breyanzi. And so, when you look at our approach to the market: number one, our focus is rapidly expanding our footprint both in the US and internationally based on our increase in supply. When you look at the approach we're taking overall for CAR-T manufacturing, there are really two components to cell therapy, that is a drug product and vector. So for drug product, we have increased capacity with successfully executed ramps at both our existing sites for Breyanzi and Abecma, and additional ramps planned for each product in the back end of 2023. We're building new state-of-the-art facilities, as we talked about in Devon, Massachusetts, online this year, as well as Liden in the Netherlands, which will come on board in 2025 to further increase and accelerate capacity. The second area is really around vector, and we continue to both internalize and externalized vector in our fastest path to increase capacity of our current vectors to partner with existing third-party manufacturers. So you've heard about our new vector manufacturing plant in Libertyville, Illinois. It's part of our dual sourcing strategy to internalize vector, which complements our existing partnerships with external third parties. And we're accelerating our transition to next-gen vector technologies as well. So taken together, we're making very good progress in increasing our capacity on both Abecma and Breyanzi.
Giovanni Caforio: Chris, the only thing I would add is just that the manufacturing investments that Adam alluded to are part of a broader strategy that we have that I think is going to be important for us as we think about this platform more generally. And as you've heard us talk about in the past and we'll talk again about at the R&D Day in September, we've obviously got a very exciting portfolio of cell therapy assets, notably GPRC5D as well as [NEX-T CD19] (ph). And so these investments will be critical for those as well.
Timothy Power: Thanks very much, Chris. Let's go to the next question please, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seamus Fernandez from Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Seamus Fernandez: Great. Thanks for the questions. So just a couple here. First, in terms of the pipeline assets, you guys are focusing in on LPA1. Just wanted to get a sense for the pace of development for that program? And what you see as a market opportunity for -- in IPF and PPF specifically? And then separately on the IRA, just hoping that you could give us a little bit of your sense of the pushes and pulls. We've had some conversations recently where experts -- expert legal consultants would suggest that there is potential for a preliminary injunction to be issued because of the pressure points around the 5th amendment. I would be very interested to hear your thoughts along those lines around the IRA, as well as some of the positive influences of IRA in 2024 and 2025 that could positively impact your revenue lines. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Seamus. Let me just start maybe with a short comment on IRA, and then Samit and Adam will answer your question on LPA1, which is a really exciting program. So on IRA, I'm not going to comment on litigation and I can't really comment on what may happen on that front. I think we've been very clear with our concerns with IRA as it relates to the negative impact on innovation and in particular, cancer care in the future, but also with the concerns we have with respect to the process, of course, and the mechanisms for price setting. Now with respect to the things that are in IRA, of course, as we've always said, there are positive elements to IRA, which include the improvements we see in affordability for patients. In fact, I mentioned earlier that, obviously, the fact that next year patients will no longer contribute to the catastrophic phase and there is an expansion of the definition for LIS eligibility. These are good examples of things that go very much in the right direction. And of course, the impact parts of our business, including Eliquis, as an example. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Giovanni, and thanks for the question, Seamus. So LPA1, if you think about IPF and PPF, they both are conditions which have a very high unmet medical need. To date, there are only two terms approved for IPF and only one approved for PPS, so -- and both of them have their own safety liability, which does not allow patients to continue on treatment for a very long duration. We have now shown in three different studies, the first one with the first generation of VA1 and the other two studies that recently completed. We've shown the efficacy of the oral drug, our LPA1 inhibitor in improving the outcomes for these patients in terms of decreasing the reduction of FVC. You saw the data for LPA1 and IPF, where we showed an improvement in that -- in the SVC, both in patient population which was treated without any background therapy, as well as in patients who were on background therapy. Later this year, we will be able to share the data at a medical conference for EPF as well. Both of these datasets are giving us confidence that we will be launching two Phase 3 trials starting later this year or very early next year for IPF and PPF to be able to bring this medicine to patients in the short term. But Adam, do want add about...
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, Samit. Thanks. From a commercial standpoint, we're very encouraged by LPA1 asset. As Samit alluded to, it's a very high unmet need in IPF and PPF. And the prognosis for these diseases are not too dissimilar to some metastatic cancer diagnoses. And so, we generated, as Samit mentioned, very encouraging efficacy and safety data. There was no GI toxin with the current treatments, no liver toxicity that we saw in the early phase. And this gives us confidence, as Samit mentioned, to move into Phase 3. Now the current products have significant limitations in efficacy and toxicity. And I think from a commercial standpoint, awareness and better diagnosis tools are going to really help accelerate the diagnosis rate rates, which are pretty low today. They range around 30% to 40%. And we think when we bring our LPA1 to market, we'll be able to accelerate that significantly and make a significant impact in patients with these serious diseases.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Adam. Can we go to the next question please, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carter Gould from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Carter Gould: Great. Thank you. Two for me. I guess, first, just hoping to get a little bit more color on some of the trends you're seeing with [EYLEA] (ph). I mean, basically, your confidence on reacceleration in the back half of the year given the sequential decline in US and flat ex-U.S. And then just quickly on Opdualag, you talked about potentially becoming standard of care in melanoma. Can you talk a little bit about -- maybe just a little more color on kind of what's a reasonable kind of market share assumption? Or how -- what really would that need to be in terms of market share or some further color on that front? Thanks you.
Giovanni Caforio: Sure. Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Thank you, Carter. To start, let me just say, we're very pleased with what we're seeing across our cell therapy franchise. Now for Abecma, as David mentioned, year-on-year we grew approximately 50%. There are a few factors that impacted the second quarter for Abecma. The quarter-on-quarter decline was driven mainly by pricing dynamics in Germany. Second, there was a planned impact due to manufacturing maintenance that happened in June in anticipation of our KarMMa-3 approval, which we expect in the back end of the year, we would also anticipate a significant increase in volume in the fourth quarter. And thirdly, we anticipate an increase in the use of other BCMA agents in the US. And we know this is a competitive market. But it's a market that we know extremely well, and we're very confident in our ability to compete in myeloma with this important product Abecma. I think most importantly, we continue to see and hear from physicians about favorable perceptions for Abecma based on our durable responses in a real-world setting, as well as high manufacturing success rates, now that are north of 90%. So taken together, we do remain very confident about Abecma's outlook in the second half of 2023 and beyond. The second question was around Opdualag. And so, for Opdualag, as you heard from David, Opdualag is rapidly becoming the standard of care in the US. We're continuing to see strong growth in sales, our share in first-line metastatic melanoma is approaching 25%. And our share is coming both from PD-1 monotherapy and from Opdivo-Yervoy combination. But now two-thirds of that share is being sourced from PD-1 monotherapy, roughly 50-50 from Opdivo and KEYTRUDA. As we talked about last quarter, NCCN updated their guidelines and changed Opdualag from category 2A to category 1 in BF-mutant patient population, and it removed BRAC Nec [ph] inhibitors as a preferred treatment in the first line setting. So as a result, we're seeing a really nice inflection in the BF-mutant patient population for both Opdualag and for Opdivo-Yervoy, and that's why we're continuing to focus our efforts on that segment. So in fact, when I think about the total DMS share in the overall metastatic melanoma market, our share -- if you look at Opdualag, Opdivo-Yervoy and Opdivo monotherapy, our share is now greater than 55%. So I'm very proud of our continued leadership in metastatic melanoma.
Samit Hirawat: And just to add to what Adam has just talked about Opdualag, there is obviously a large program behind the approved indication in metastatic melanoma. We have the adjuvant study in melanoma that will read out as the events come through, as well as the Phase 3 study in colorectal cancer MSS that will also be -- which is an event-driven overall survival primary endpoint study that will read out over 2024-2025. And then, of course, behind that, we're looking forward to seeing the data next year for non-small cell lung cancer as well as for hepatocarcinoma in the first and the second line in 2024. So there is a large program behind the melanoma metastatic disease.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Samit. Let’s go to the next question please, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Anderson from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Timothy Anderson: Thank you. I wanted to go back to IRA, and it's not on the drug price renegotiation piece, it's on the Part D redesign that kicks in in 2025. So you guys have talked about the positive being less out-of-pocket spending, but there's a negative to contemplate, too, which is manufacturers hasn’t to pick up a healthy portion of catastrophic spending that has not been part of the equation before. So, on a net basis, when you're thinking about Part D redesign starting next year, is that going to be a net drag to earnings? It seems to me like it could be. So that's the first question. And then second question is on Opdivo. The press release mentions lower average net selling prices, I think, in Europe in Q2 and Merck has forewarned something similar for a while now. I'm wondering what's driving this? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Chris.
Christopher Boerner: Maybe I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Adam to talk about the Opdivo piece. Thanks for the question, Tim. With respect to IRA, I think this is, in some ways, very consistent with the way we've been describing IRA's impact generally, which is that, when you look at the changes in Part D, it's going to be very much product specific. And so there will be pushes and pulls depending upon which product you're talking about. And so, it's very difficult to make a blanket statement that it's a negative or a positive. I think you really do have to get into the specifics and understand the details as to how it will impact a given product, just given the nature of the patients who are being treated by that product, as well as the concomitant medicines that they're on. So that's very much how we think about the Part D redesign. Adam, do you want to pick up on the Opdivo question?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Tim, thanks for the question. As it relates to Opdivo internationally, what we're seeing is continued strong growth in our international market. In fact, when you look at year-over-year and quarter-to- quarter, we grew 10% for Opdivo internationally. And that's really due to the continued growth of our core business in first-line lung, in gastric, and we're just starting to unlock some of our new indications. We're very pleased to see our approval of CheckMate-816 in Europe. And when I think about the kind of the decline of price in Europe, any time you get a new indication in many of our markets you start to take slight price decreases. But the volume that we see for Opdivo as we add these tumors and get reimbursement, we look to continue to increase our sales and our volume will certainly offset any price decline.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. And just -- Tim, just to add on what Chris mentioned before on IRA. We have discussed before that we don't see a meaningful impact for us until 2026. So the dynamics that Chris described don't meaningfully impact our P&L and our outlook in 2024 and 2025.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Giovanni. Jamie, can we go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Baum from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Unknown Participant: Hi. It's [indiscernible] from Citi on behalf of Andrew. Question please on Opdivo, can you talk to the 2% sales growth in the US and give a bit more context there? You mentioned customer buying patterns, can you elaborate on the dynamics? And are there any other factors you would flag competition [indiscernible]? Thanks very much.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. [Emily] (ph), thanks for the question. So we're pleased with what we saw with Opdivo through the first half of the year, and we anticipate continued growth through to the back end of the year. In fact, Opdivo grew 11% overall year-to-date. And so, what we see internationally, we're also seeing our growth coming from same core tumors. First-line lung, our share is now approximately 15%. On gastric indication first line, where our share is approximately 50%, and across our early adjuvant indications. As you noted, sequentially, in the second quarter, the demand growth in the US from our core business was offset by impact from unfavorable customer buying patterns. And so, we expect that to normalize and continue to grow based on the strength across multiple tumors. And we continue to lead all competitors in every tumor in the US that were indicated in, with the exception of first-line lung, where we're making good progress. We also have a number of significant readouts in the short term. So we've got some nice catalysts including our stage 2 melanoma indication, which is -- has a PDUFA date of October of this year. And you also read our press release in first-line cis-eligible bladder, CheckMate-901, and that's really exciting in multiple IO failures there. So we expect that to be a nice catalyst next year along with pending readouts next year in CheckMate-77P, CheckMate-73L, among several others. So for those reasons, we remain very confident in Opdivo's ability to grow in 2023.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Adam. Let’s go to the next question please, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Scala from TD Cowen. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve Scala: Thank you very much. I'd like to ask a question about Revlimid. So you mentioned that you started to see the weakness at the end of Q1, yet the guidance was reiterated at the end of April, presumably because you thought it was temporary. So what was the error in that assumption? You noted that free drug program is expected to return to normal levels in future years. Why then is the expected decline on an annual basis expected to be less than before? I know that you said government support could be an offset, but that seems like a dynamic in which we should not have high confidence. And just to be clear, generic competitors have nothing to do whatsoever with this cut today. And then the second question is Takeda noted weakness in the US GI market this morning, what -- are you seeing this? And if yes, to what do you attribute it? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Steve. Let me -- I know we've discussed a lot on Revlimid in our prepared remarks. And I just want to go back to explaining the dynamics at play here. So, we started to see some softness in Revlimid revenue at the end of Q1, and obviously we needed to understand why. I think it's important to remember that there were a number of dynamics happening at the same time. So as you know, the most recent increase in generic volumes had entered in March, and we have seen that drive significant variability in the past. At the same time, we saw an increase in the number of patients that were receiving free drug from the BMS Patient Assistance Foundation, which also started in Q1. Of course, we looked into this dynamic and skewed to progress. The number of patients on free drug started to increase, continue to increase eventually reaching significantly higher levels than we had seen historically. And also the impact on Revlimid and Pomalyst revenue accelerated during the course of Q2. So we have been looking at these trends. And one of the things that is important to consider here is that, once the BMS Patient Assistance Foundation provides free drug to a patients consistent with HHS guidance, we provide that free drug for the totality of [indiscernible]. And so, what we looked at was not only the impact on the quarter, but also the impact on the full year. And today, we are in a position to assess those impacts, and that's why we are in a position to give you a clearer picture of what happened beginning at the end of Q1 and most importantly in Q2. You asked the question -- so the generic dynamics that we've discussed for a while, which really accounts for month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter variability are not a factor in what we are – what we've disclosed today. But obviously, they were at play as we were looking at the development of Revlimid revenue during the second quarter. You asked a question as to why we are expecting now the step down for Revlimid to be lower next year. And a couple of things that I'd like to say again. So first of all, as I mentioned earlier, we don't expect these dynamics to continue next year, because we are seeing that the number of patients applying for free product from the BMS Patient Assistance Foundation is returning to normal. And importantly, because of the Part D redesign dynamics that I covered before. And so, if you think about it, if you have a lower base coming out of 2023, given that we don't really see a change in the generic erosion assumptions that we have made before, now the step-down is lower and we've estimated that to be $1.5 billion in 2024 and approximately $2 billion in 2025. So that's the number of dynamics at play here.
Giovanni Caforio: And second question for Adam.
Adam Lenkowsky: The second question that you asked, Steve, was around the -- what we're seeing in the GI marketplace. And so overall, we're seeing for Zeposia is really strong growth, 28% quarter-over-quarter growth as well as approximately 50% growth versus same time last year. When we look at the GI market, we continue to see acceleration of demand for Zeposia in UC. What we're hearing from thought leaders is that they continue to emphasize the benefit of using Zeposia in the first-line setting. In fact, look at our business shift now, about 60% of our business for Zeposia is in the first-line use. And we're continuing to make good progress on the access front, where now 40% of lives have either zero or one step at it, and we're working to continue to improve that in 2024. So for those reasons, we're pleased with our growth in the GI market with Zeposia. We're also seeing strong performance in MS, when -- our share of at an all-time high. And so we expect continued growth for Zeposia in the back end of this year and certainly into 2024 as well.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Adam. Let's just try to squeeze a couple more in here, if you don't mind me, let’s go to the next one, please, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Phipps from William Blair. Please go ahead with your question.
Matthew Phipps: Thanks for taking my questions. First, are you still confident in the roughly $4 billion in new product growth guidance for this year for the new product portfolio? It seems about 50% in the second half versus the first half, so what might drive that, especially if cell therapies are flat? And then Samit, you mentioned seeing the Opdualag data in non-small cell next year. But I did notice on Slide 7, the first line non-small cell for Opdualag as a key milestone has officially been added as some of the long-term opportunity. So just confirmed you haven't seen that data in-house yet to make that addition?
Christopher Boerner: Maybe I'll start, Matt, and then I'll turn it over to Adam before going to Samit. So as I mentioned earlier, Matt, we continue to be confident in the progress of this portfolio. We remain on track to roughly double revenue for the portfolio this year. And by extension, we have clear line of sight to the $10 billion to $13 billion in 2025. Adam can walk you through a lot of the specifics around the confidence for the remainder of this year. What I would highlight, though, is some of what you've already heard on this call, we continue to see a really nice uptake on Camzyos. We had the access wins that Adam alluded to on Sotyktu. Opdualag is clearly going to continue to be important. And while we've discussed the dynamics on Abecma with respect to manufacturing, keep in mind, that we have a number of catalysts coming with Abecma. But more importantly, we've seen a really nice continued growth with Breyanzi as well. But Adam, anything you would add?
Adam Lenkowsky: I guess just to put a finer point, what we said was, through the first half we are annualizing at $3.5 billion. But as Chris alluded to, we have a number of catalysts to accelerate growth of our new product portfolio in the second half of the year, which we said we would roughly double sales from last year. So just -- and as Chris mentioned, with Reblozyl first line, we're looking forward to the PDUFA date for COMMANDS. As Dave mentioned, we're also pleased with our -- really to pull forward a large PBM this year for Sotyktu, and those patients will shift to commercial product from Bridge over the next two to three months. And also, as Chris mentioned, Camzyos, we expect a continued steady flow patients coming into our hub and then moving out to commercial product in the back end of the year. Remember, that take around eight to 10 weeks for patients to move from our hub into commercial product. And finally, we're continuing to increase supply for Abecma in advance of our KarMMa-3 launch, as well as ramping [indiscernible] for Breyanzi in the back end of the year. And for those reasons, we remain committed to roughly doubling our sales of new products this year.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Adam, and thanks, Matt, for the question on Opdualag, non-small cell lung cancer randomized Phase 2 study is continuing to enroll and ongoing. We have not seen the data, and that decision will be based on meeting -- proceeding to Phase 3 will be based on looking at the overall data set from both overall response rate, but also the PFS directionally where it goes. So that's why I was saying that we'll get to see that data set more so in early part of 2024.
Timothy Power: We're really a little short in time. So maybe we'll squeeze a few more in. If you can just keep it one question so that we get to as many people as possible that will be great. Can we go to the next one please, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from [indiscernible] from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Participant: Hi, guys. One, I guess, on Eliquis total sales decline this quarter for the first time, I think. So perhaps can you talk about some of those dynamics you're seeing with the gross to net in the US and faster EU erosion? How should we think about the price demand for the rest of the year and then into the future?
Adam Lenkowsky: Great. As you heard from David, Eliquis had unfavorable gross to net adjustments in the quarter. We saw is an increase in Medicare and PHS patients, as you probably know, there's a lag in getting claims. And those claims came in, in the second quarter. So really, that's an unfavorable adjustment. But we're very pleased with what we're seeing with Eliquis in the US. Remember, 75% of Eliquis' business remains in the US, and we expect continued strong growth. Our share -- our NBRx share is north of 70% and continues to grow. Our TRx share continues to not only grow strong, but continues with linear growth, coupled with the OAC market, which is also accelerating since the beginning of the year. Now you also mentioned about ex-U.S. dynamics, international dynamics. We are seeing demand increases, but that's offset by the impact of price erosion in a number of our European markets. David talked about the impact of generic penetration in Canada and the UK, with [indiscernible] both those markets. But overall, we're very pleased with Eliquis' performance, and we would expect continued strong growth.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Adam. Let’s go to the next one please, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Risinger from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
David Risinger: Yes. Thanks very much. So my question is on Revlimid volume expectations. So could you please provide some more color on go-forward generic anticipated volumes, specifically any volume inflections to watch over the next 12 to 18 months? Thank you.
David Elkins: Thanks, David. As we talked about before, it's -- we saw more volumes come in that were expected in March of this year. The next inflection point will be in March of 2024 and then February of the following year. So those are the two ones which are planned step down. And I think important as Giovanni had said earlier, as you think about the forecast for Revlimid on a go-forward basis, we changed the guidance this year from $6.5 million down to $5.5 billion, with a step-down of $1.5 billion next year, $2 billion in 2025, which will get you to essentially where consensus was previously. So no change to where we were.
Timothy Power: Thanks, David. Let’s go to the next one please, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mohit Bansal from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thanks for taking my question. My question is regarding the in-line portfolio. How confident do you feel about the growth trends you -- or expected outlook you provided in the beginning of the year? Asking because, by our math it was about for 8% growth and if you account for the $300 million down revision for Pomalyst, it seems like 7% growth. And considering you are being growing 2% including FX and 3% excluding FX so far, just wanted to understand if you still feel wondering about that growth outlook at this point? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Mohit, yes, we -- so remember, the discussions that we had -- and I'll ask Adam to jump in. But remember the discussion that we had was, in fact, we've updated our expectations for Pomalyst and for Revlimid. And for Pomalyst, specifically, about $300 million for this year and 20% roughly of the $330 million that we saw for Revlimid [indiscernible] for the first quarter. When looking at the totality of performance for the in-line business, we continue to feel really strongly about the strength of the trends. And that's one of the reasons why we feel very confident at reaffirming the guidance for 2025, both for our in-line portfolio and for the new products.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Giovanni. Next on please, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Bristow from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Yihan Li: Hi. This is Yihan on for Colin. Thanks for taking our question. So we all know like you will have your R&D Day on September 14, so just wondering if we could have a teaser trailer. What should we expect here? Are you going to share any new data on this event? And the [indiscernible], it is on your CAR-T [indiscernible]. So we recently noted you initiated a Phase 1 trial of [indiscernible] CAR-T in SLE, which has a primary completion date in 2028. So you previously noted you would go first on this program, so just wondering if there's any guidance on the timing of the data readout? Thank you so much.
Christopher Boerner: Hi, Yihan, it's Chris. I will start, and then Samit can very quickly hit on the CAR-T question. Look, we're excited about the opportunity to spend some dedicated time talking about R&D. The focus on the day will be a few things. We'll obviously walk through the R&D strategy. We'll give you an update on the pipeline, and that will importantly include our discussion around some of the programs and platforms that we're most excited about. When you step back and look at where we are, we are actually entering a catalyst-rich period for the company. And I think this is going to be an important opportunity for us to talk about some of those catalysts in more detail. So we're really looking forward to hosting the event on September 14. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Chris, and thank you for the question. For the next-gen CAR-T CD19 therapy, what you're seeing is that, we have just started the Phase 1 study. There is going to be dose escalation and dose expansion. What you will also see later this year, and possibly we might be able to talk about it in September, we will be adding additional indications. So we are taking that into account and putting the dates into the system in [indiscernible]. But certainly, there will be earlier data readouts and earlier data sharing prior to that date. So, we'll seek to inform as we progress with the study conduct.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Samit. I think we may have time for one or two more. Let’s go to the next one please, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dane Leone from Raymond James. Please go ahead with your question.
Dane Leone: Thanks for taking the questions. As you think about the conversion to commercial pay drug for those patients that you've gained market share with in Sotyktu, it seems like, by our math on the script run rate, you're running around maybe $800 million, close to $800 million, maybe slightly above on an annualized basis, which would imply the actual pay for drug product is below 25% of total scripts that you're now generating. For your guidance to convert those free drug patients to commercial pay over the next several months, does that take a penalty of continued market share gains that you've already carved out? Or do you expect to continue taking additional market share while converting to free drug into the end of the year? And then just one quick question, does your ASR agreement -- is that included in your EPS guidance? Or is that in addition to your EPS guidance for the full year? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, David. Thank you, Dane. David, why don't you start and then Adam can answer the question on Sotyktu.
David Elkins: Yes. Thank you, Dane. Yes, it is included in our guidance. As we said, we anticipate doing about $4 billion ASR in the third quarter. And just remember, the dynamics of those ASR is about 80% of the shares retired upon execution of that, and the remaining 20% happens over the contract period. Adam?
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, Dane, thanks. As it relates to Sotyktu, as I mentioned, certainly our objective is to continue to grow market share. As I said it's nearing 40%, we continue to see month-over-month increases. And we feel very good about where our market share is trending towards the back end of the year. Our objective is to surpass Otezla. And so, when you think about where we are today, we have doubled the volume of TRx equivalents from Q2 to Q1, and we expect that also to accelerate. It will take time to move patients from bridge to commercial drug, certainly around, as I mentioned, two to three months. So that ramp will happen in the back end of the year. And as we start to unlock other plans starting in January of next year, we'll also see that start to take place as well, more patients moving into commercial supply. So we feel very good about our continued growth prospects for Sotyktu in the back end of this year and certainly into 2024.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Adam. Let's go to our last question, please, Jamie.
Operator: Our final question today will come from Olivia Brayer from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead with your question.
Olivia Brayer: Hi, good morning, guys. And thank you for the question. I wanted to follow up on Abecma's manufacturing capacity going forward. I know you had that shutdown in June, but is that a headwind that we should be factoring in for most years? And is there a way to minimize the revenue disruption from future shutdowns going forward? And then just quickly on LAG-3 in lung, how are you thinking about the bar for success in that Phase 2? And what's the strategy and timing for moving into registrational studies? Thanks.
Adam Lenkowsky: I'll take the first question, Olivia. Thanks for the question. So as it relates to manufacturing and the capacity shutdown. So we're making very good progress to increase our capacity across our cell therapy franchise, both Abecma and Breyanzi. I talked about the two components of that. But as it relates to the manufacturing shutdown, that really is limited to Abecma, because [indiscernible] where Abecma is manufactured. And so, all of our shutdowns are planned, accounted for in our capacity plans. This is routine shutdown to execute maintenance at our site for approximately one month. And the ramp for Abecma is really tied to overall supply plans with KarMMa-3 being one important aspect of that ramp. And that's important because we now have over 90% manufacturing success rates and multiple ramp since launch. So, this routine manufacturing maintenance process are really important for us to continue our strong success rate and build our readiness for increase capacity in advance of the KarMMa-3 launch. So as David mentioned, that will have some impact in Q3, and we expect our Abecma sales to accelerate in Q4 and certainly into 2024.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. And very quickly on the question on LAG-3 non-small cell lung cancer. The Phase II study is combining of Opdualag with chemotherapy, comparing versus [indiscernible] plus chemotherapy. But for the Phase 3 trial, we intend to do the combination comparison versus nemolizumab plus chemotherapy. So we have to keep that in mind as we look at the data evolution and the outcome so that we have the appropriateness in terms of the magnitude of effect that we need to see in Phase 2. So that's our bar. And in terms of the start of the study, it depends on when the study reads out, and then we are ready and prepared to quickly launch the Phase 3 program [indiscernible].
Giovanni Caforio: So thank you, everyone. So as I think about the quarter, first of all, I want to say, obviously, we provided an important update to our outlook for the year. We don't take that lightly. At the same time, when I look at the future of the company, we remain and I am very optimistic about where we are driven by the discussion we had about our in-line products, the performance of the launch portfolio and the strength of our pipeline. With that, I want to thank you for participating. Our team, as always, remains available to answer any questions you may have. And wish everyone a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And finally I would like to advice all participants that this call in being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to welcome Tim Power, to begin the conference. Tim, over to you.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Scott and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our first quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you'll note, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can follow along with for Giovanni and David's remarks. Before we get going, I'll read our forward-looking statements. During this call, we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations to certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. With that, I'll hand it over to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Before we discuss our first quarter results, I'd like to address the leadership transition plan we announced yesterday. After 23 years at Bristol-Myers Squibb, including the last 8 as CEO, I have decided to retire as CEO effective November 1, 2023. So our family can spend more time together in Europe. I will continue to serve as Executive Chairman for a transition period to be determined by the Board. Given the strong foundation achieved to position BMS for growth and success in the future, our strong pipeline and our incredibly deep bench of talent now is a natural time for this transition. That's why I am pleased to share that the Board has selected Chris Boerner, our current Chief Commercialization Officer as Bristol-Myers Squibb's next CEO as of November 1. Effective yesterday, Chris was named Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. And the Board also intends to appoint him as a member of the Board after the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. In connection with Chris' appointment, Adam Lenkowsky, SVP, Head of Major Markets, has been named to succeed Chris as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercialization Officer. The board and I are confident that Chris is the right person to guide BMS through its next chapter of growth. Since joining BMS in 2015, Chris has been instrumental in shaping our strategy and our culture. His passion for science his commitment to our workforce and his tireless focus on our patients, make him uniquely suited for the role. Among a long list of accomplishments, Chris has helped guide the evolution of our portfolio over the past several years, notably building our leading presence in immunology, growing our CD business and launching multiple new medicines. His deep knowledge of our strategy and pipeline and his proven execution across all geographies give us confidence that he is the right leader to drive BMS' vision to be the world's leading biopharma company that transforms patients' lives through science. Leading BMS has been the highlight of my professional career, and I'm incredibly proud of what our team has accomplished together. I remain enthusiastic about the opportunities ahead and know that we will continue to put patients at the center of everything we do, as we drive growth and sustained profitability. Our patients first culture, coupled with our incredibly talented and diverse global workforce will continue to be the engine that drives our success. I look forward to working closely with Chris through the transition and know there is a very bright future for Bristol-Myers Squibb with Chris at the helm. Now let's turn our attention to our Q1 performance. Starting on Slide 4. As we continue to execute our strategy and accelerate the renewal of our portfolio, I am pleased to share that we had a strong start to the year. I am encouraged by the performance of the products that will drive our future growth. During the quarter, our in-line brands and new product portfolio grew 8% or 10% adjusting for foreign exchange. Notably, revenue from our new product portfolio more than doubled compared to a year ago, reinforcing our confidence that we expect to roughly double revenue from these products this year. Opdivo and Eliquis [ph] both performed very well with strong demand growth, particularly in the U.S. Looking forward, we continue to expect top and bottom line growth driven by our in-line and new product portfolio, more than offsetting the impact of generics, and we are affirming our non-GAAP financial guidance for this year. Along with strong commercial execution in the quarter, we continued to advance our pipeline. Turning to our scorecard on Slide 5. As you can see, we delivered meaningful pipeline milestones in Q1. We have a number of catalysts in our pipeline and made important progress expanding our new products, particularly with respect to regulatory achievements, starting with cell therapy, where we further strengthened our growing leadership position. Following the publication of our car mat [ph] results for triple class-exposed multiple myeloma patients in the New England Journal of Medicine in February, we have now delivered global regulatory filings across the U.S., Europe and Japan for this study. We look forward to the opportunity to offer these transformational products to patients in earlier lines of treatment in multiple markets in the future. We also continue to make progress expanding supply for both of our cell therapy products. We recently entered into an agreement for a vector facility in Libertyville, Illinois to further strengthen our supply chain and expand manufacturing capacity. This will allow us to dual-source vector supply and transition to newer, higher efficiency manufacturing processes. We look forward to supplying more patients with both Abecma and Breyanzi as capacity increases over time. Our research teams remain focused on further improving outcomes for patients using cell therapy treatments, including with our exciting CD19 NEX-T [ph] for severe refractory SLE that is entering the clinic. Turning now to Sotyktu. As David will describe, the launch for plaque psoriasis continues to go very well, and we are successfully establishing this product as the oral of choice for moderate to severe patients. And during the quarter, we delivered approval of this medicine for patients in Europe. In addition, we received data from our Phase II trial in Crohn's disease. And while it does not support moving to a Phase III trial at this time, we look forward to seeing data from the high-dose UC trial later this year to evaluate opportunities for this asset in IBD. Meanwhile, we continue to advance Sotyktu into key expansion opportunities in Phase III studies for both psoriatic arthritis and lupus, which as you know has a very high unmet medical need. And turning now to Camzyos. We recently announced positive CHMP opinion for this medicine. We look forward to bringing this product to European patients soon. Looking at our next set of registrational assets. We have initiated the Phase III study for iberdomide in post-transplant maintenance during the quarter. This study will potentially enable us to demonstrate superiority of Iberdomide over Revlimid in an early line setting of multiple myeloma. And with our partners at Janssen, we are pleased to have now initiated all 3 Phase III trials in the milvexian program. We are excited about the benefits to patients from a potential next-generation antithrombotic that is equal to or better than current factors than a drugs in terms of efficacy, but with a better bleeding profile. As you can see, our progress is strong with multiple exciting pipeline opportunities ahead. Moving to Slide 6 and tying together what this progress means for our new product portfolio. This slide demonstrates that the renewal of our portfolio continues to gain momentum through a combination of strong commercial execution and the achievement of important clinical data and regulatory milestones that further derisk significant revenue opportunities. I am very proud of the accomplishments of our global colleagues as they strive to discover, develop and deliver transformational medicines to patients around the world. Together, we have built the foundation for an even stronger company with a more diversified portfolio of growth products and increased durability across each of our four key therapeutic areas. Given our growing and rapidly diversifying business and our financial strength and flexibility, I'm excited about the opportunities we have for the rest of 2023 and beyond. I will now turn the call over to David to walk you through our product performance and financial results in more detail. David?
David Elkins: Thank you, Giovanni. And recognizing this is another busy day for all of you. Thanks again for joining our first quarter earnings call. Turning to Slide 8. Let's discuss our top line performance. Unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are made for the same period in 2022, and sales growth rates will be discussed on an underlying basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. Total company sales in the quarter topped $11.3 billion, driven by strong double-digit sales of our in-line and new product portfolio, offset by Revlimid loss of exclusivity. Sales in the U.S. grew 4%, driven primarily by volume, while international sales were impacted by the annualization of loss of exclusivity for Revlimid. Let's delve deeper into the strong performance of the new product portfolio on Slide 9. As Giovanni mentioned, the new product portfolio generated over $720 million in sales, which more than doubled versus prior year and grew over 11% sequentially. This strong performance in the quarter was driven primarily by demand for Opdualag, Abecma and Reblozyl, which I will touch on further in a moment and provides us confidence in the growth potential for our increasingly derisked and diversified new product portfolio. Moving to our solid tumor performance on Slide 10. Global Opdivo sales were strong, growing double digit versus prior year, primarily driven by continued demand for our newly launched and core indications. In the U.S., Opdivo grew 17%, primarily driven by demand in first-line lung, upper GI indications and adjuvant bladder cancer. Outside the U.S., first quarter revenues increased 18%, primarily driven by demand for recently launched indications and expanded access. The strong execution in the first quarter gives us confidence in the continued growth expected for Opdivo. Now turning to the robust launch of Opdualag. Sales in the quarter were $117 million, growing double digit versus prior quarter. We are very pleased with the launch of Opdualag in first-line melanoma with market share now over 20%, primarily being sourced from PD-1 monotherapy. Now turning to our expanded cardiovascular portfolio on Slide 11 and starting with Eliquis, which generated over $3.4 billion globally, largely driven by the U.S. In the U.S., sales grew strongly, up 19%, driven primarily by robust demand. Internationally, sales were impacted primarily by generic entries in Canada and the U.K. and pricing measures we mentioned in the past. Moving now to our first-in-class myosin inhibitor, CAMZYOS. We continue to be pleased with the progress we are making to bring CAMZYOS to more patients. CAMZYOS generated sales of $29 million in the first quarter. Now with approximately 2,700 patients in our hub, of which 1,500 patients on commercial drug at the end of the quarter, we continue to build momentum with considerable growth expected in the quarter-over-quarter. We look forward to our upcoming PDUFA date for Valor in June, which will reinforce the strong profile of CAMZYOS, as well as the expected European approval having just received a positive CHMP opinion. Now turning to our hematology portfolio on Slide 12. Starting with Revlimid. Global sales in the quarter were approximately $1.8 billion, impacted by generic entry. As we expected, the favorability seen last year reversed in the first quarter, and we continue to expect quarter-to-quarter variability. Now on to Pomalyst, global sales grew 2% versus prior year. In the U.S., longer duration of first-line treatments impacted new prescription volumes. Internationally, revenues grew 12%, driven largely to demand for triple-based regimens as well as some buying patterns. Turning to Reblozyl, which generated revenues of $206 million in the quarter. Sales were strong, up 33%, largely driven by demand. In the U.S., revenues grew 18%, primarily driven by continued total prescription share growth. Internationally, Reblozyl more than doubled as we continue to secure reimbursement in additional countries, including being placed on China's national reimbursement drug list. We are now launched in 25 countries outside the U.S. and expect to launch in additional markets this year. We look forward to presenting the COMMANDS data in an oral presentation at ASCO and EHA to further accelerate the brand by bringing this first-in-class product to first-line ESA-naive MDS patients upon approval. Transitioning to our first-in-class and best-in-class cell therapy products of Abecma and Breyanzi, we continue to make progress at expanding capacity, which has enabled robust sales growth driven by strong demand. With sales of $147 million in the quarter, we more than doubled our revenue for Abecma versus prior year and grew 16% sequentially. We continue to be pleased with the feedback from physicians on the reproducibility of efficacy and safety in the real world and reliability of our manufacturing capabilities. As Giovanni mentioned, KarMMa-3 and triple cost exposed myeloma patients is now under review in the EU, the U.S. and Japan, and we look forward to bringing up Abecma to earlier line patients around the globe. Turning to Breyanzi. Sales in the quarter were $71 million, growing 66% versus prior year and 27% sequentially. Sales were driven by demand in second and third-line plus large B-cell lymphoma. With the broadest label in second-line large B-cell lymphoma and differentiated safety profile, feedback from physicians has been very strong, and we are pleased with the strong demand for Breyanzi. We look forward to bringing Breyanzi to earlier line patients in the EU in the coming months, with the recent CHMP positive opinion. Let's now move to our immunology portfolio on Slide 13. Starting with Zeposia. Global sales in the quarter were $78 million, more than doubling compared to prior year. In the U.S., growth was primarily driven by demand in multiple sclerosis and expanding contribution from ulcerative colitis. Internationally, sales increased primarily to demand in multiple sclerosis and securing reimbursement in additional countries. Lastly, turning towards a strong launch of our first-in-class TYK2 inhibitor, Sotyktu. We're extremely pleased with the launch so far. Just 6 months into the launch, we have over 9,500 script equivalents across bridge and commercial drug. Sotyktu's share of the oral market is now in the mid-30s, sourcing business from systematic naive patients as well as Otezla and biologic experience patients. Internationally, we are very pleased with the strong launch performance in Japan and recent approval in Europe and look forward to working with individual countries on securing reimbursement through 2023 and beyond. We are very excited about Sotyktu with non-risk-adjusted revenue potential of $4-plus billion based on exciting opportunities ahead in moderate to severe psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and in lupus. Moving to our first quarter P&L on Slide 14. I will focus my remarks on a few non-key line items just covered - as I just covered sales performance. In the quarter, as expected, gross margin was impacted by product mix. This was partially offset by favorable foreign exchange and related hedging settlements that will not repeat in the second quarter. Operating expenses, excluding acquired in-process R&D remained largely consistent with prior year. MS&A declined 4%, primarily due to timing of spend, which we expect to reverse going into the second quarter as we continue to invest in our new launches. Acquired in-process R&D in the quarter was $75 million, which was partially offset by $43 million of licensing income. Overall, first quarter earnings per share was $2.05, growing approximately 5%. Turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 15. Cash flow generation and our balance sheet remained strong. Cash flow from operations in the quarter was approximately $3 billion, with over $9 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand as of March 31. As it relates to capital allocation, our priorities remain unchanged, with BD continuing to be our top priority and a focus on balance sheet strength, as well as returning capital to shareholders. In the quarter, we repaid $1.6 billion in debt with an additional $2.3 billion maturing this year, and we remain opportunistic about share repurchases in the future with approximately $7 billion remaining in our share repurchase authorization. Lastly, turning to our 2023 non-GAAP guidance on Slide 16. Based upon the performance to date, we are reaffirming our non-GAAP guidance. We expect 2023 revenues to grow approximately 2% on a reported and constant currency basis, which reflects that our in-line and new product portfolio will more than offset recent LOEs. Revlimid's sales expectations remain at approximately $6.5 billion, and we will continue to monitor variability from generics and other market dynamics through the year. We remain excited about the promise of our new product portfolio and expect the portfolio to roughly double versus prior year. As we continue to launch these assets around the globe, we expect growth to be more back half weighted as we build momentum during the year. We continue to expect gross margin to be approximately 77%, which reflects a shift in product mix. Accounting for the FX favorability in the first quarter, we expect gross margin for the first half of the year to be approximately 77%. Excluding the impact of acquired in-process R&D and our operating expense guidance remains unchanged and expect to decline in the low single-digit range, reflecting efficiency initiatives in MS&A as we continue to up invest in our launch brands. As I mentioned during the results for the quarter, we expect MS&A to increase in the second quarter as we continue to invest in our launches. The operating expenses are expected to be approximately $4.2 billion in the second quarter. Our tax guidance of 17% remains unchanged, and we continue to expect earnings per share to be in the range of $7.95 and $8.25. Before we move to Q&A, I just want to acknowledge the work of our colleagues across the globe for the relentless commitment and execution to transform this company into a younger and more diversified business. I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.
Timothy Power: Thanks very much, David. Kevin, can we go to our first question, please?
Operator: It comes from the line of Seamus Fernandez from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Seamus Fernandez: Thanks very much for the question. So a couple of questions. First on Sotyktu, just wanted to get a sense of when you feel the free drug dynamics that's out there in the market today is going to catalyze a switch by payers to - from kind of the loss of rebates of Otezla to then really drive them towards appropriate reimbursement of Sotyktu? And then just a second question from an R&D perspective. You mentioned lupus as it relates to Sotyktu. Just hoping to get a little bit more clarity on the discontinuation of the Crohn's disease or the failure of the Crohn's disease trial, as noted in your slide deck. I wanted to just get a better sense of whether that study was stopped for efficacy or if there were any safety signals at all in that study that would be of concern. And perhaps if you could, share the dose that was explored in that study and in the ulcerative colitis study? Thanks so much.
Christopher Boerner: Seamus, maybe I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Samit. This is Chris. First, the Sotyktu launch, just as a top line message is going very well, as David mentioned, we're seeing very good uptake and feedback from physicians from a demand standpoint, which is, to your question, probably the most important thing that we can stay focused on in order to free up market access, we're seeing very good progress in the quarter. We had over 9,500 TRx Equivalents. We grew new patient enrollments just shy of 40% quarter-over-quarter. So we feel good about those underlying dynamics. And as you allude to, as we continue to build that volume of patients, we'll be able to be in a much better position to negotiate from a payer standpoint. What I would say is that our focus continues to be on where possible, pulling forward access decisions into this year that would mainly occur in the second half of this year. Right now, most of the commercial drug is coming still from those patients who have open plans and had open plans at launch. But from a baseline standpoint, I would still consider 2024 to be the point at which you'll see substantive changes in market access. But we remain focused on doing everything we can to pull that forward.
Samit Hirawat: And thanks, Chris, and thanks, Seamus, for the question. On the Crohn's disease data set. So let me start, first of all, by saying as was already mentioned by you as well as by David, that Sotyktu continues to have a broad development program with the approval in psoriasis, ongoing Phase III study in psoriatic arthritis as well as SLE, which contributed to that $4 billion forecast that we've always talked about. On the Crohn's disease side, let's, first of all, remember that as a thick to mechanism of action perspective, currently, there is no proof of concept that is established for this pathway in IBD. As you remember in our Phase II ulcerative colitis trial, we did not see a signal at that time. And therefore, we had an ongoing study with a higher dose that we will look forward to see the data at the back end of this year. In Crohn's disease, we did not see a signal at this time. So we do not have a proof of concept. And therefore, we are not going to move forward. It has nothing to do with safety signal. It is as safe as we have always already published the data in many of the studies at this time. From the dose perspective, the doses tested in this particular study was 3 milligrams BID and 6 milligrams BID, more to come when we present the data in the future at a medical conference. But at the current time, we are looking forward to look at the data from UC higher dose trial to then have the totality of the data to make decisions on how we move forward.
Timothy Power: Thanks very much, Seamus. Kevin, could we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Baum from Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew Baum: Thanks, A question for Samit. And a question for Chris or maybe Adam [ph] given the rule change. So Samit, you highlighted the SELECT-T [ph] program, I assume this is a CAR-T against CD19. I just want to confirm that this is - contains the Autolus' side [ph] switch. And more importantly, there are a limited number of companies in this very exciting space given the [indiscernible] last year. How aggressively are you pursuing this in terms of time lines and breadth? If you could talk to where you intend to go with this trial, what constraints the FDA put on you given it's a new sell construct? And then how quickly you can expand more generally some sense of the level of excitement inside Bristol to address refractory autoimmune c disease? And then second for Chris and Adam, the impact potentially - well, the anticipated impact of Medicare price negotiation for Eliquis is likely to be very substantial. I'm curious as to the extent that you can reduce the rebate paid to PBMs without facing punitive action. Obviously, the PBMs tried to speed it from the portfolio some years ago, and they ended up providing access again. So how much leverage do you actually have to mitigate some of that impact on to the PBMs? Thank you.
Christopher Boerner: So thank you, Andrew, for the question and very appropriately asked in terms of where we are going as well as the platform. So if you recall, NEX-T CD19, the one that we are using in SLE is the same platform that we've already tested actually, and we presented the data from there last year on our hematological malignancies side. We're using that because it has a shorter turnaround time, and we will be taking that forward in SLE now. From a speed perspective, what I can tell you is that we submitted the IND to the FDA, and we got a safe to proceed within 1.5 to 2 months. So that shows the excitement not only for us, but also the productive dialogue and constructive dialogue we had with the agency of how to move forward. Our initial trial design is to do a Phase I initiation in SLE where the proof of concept from external data does exist already. So we want to go speedily and it's a global trial. So we are not limited to just the U.S. but going to other countries, including the site that generated the data before in Germany, serving as the principal investigator. So we are pretty excited. And based on the data and the emergence of that data, we have the capacity and capability to then expand to other indications, which we have not yet decided, but certainly on track for that.
Samit Hirawat: And then with respect to Eliquis, Andrew, I'll take that one. So as you know, we do anticipate that Eliquis will be impacted by government price setting. A couple of things just at a high level to keep in mind. First, the timing of that impact will run up against the timing of our LOE in the U.S. And second, of course, remember, we split the economics on Eliquis with Pfizer. That said, we do anticipate that Eliquis will be in the early wave of IRA price setting. With respect to the ability of rebates to address that, as you well know, these are very competitive markets. Within that context, we are always trying to establish a very strong access position with the least impact on the value of our medicines through rebating. And I think we have in our history on Eliquis shown discipline in that regard. As you would expect, we're going to continue to do this in the post IRA role just as we do today. At the same time, it's, at this point, difficult to speculate on exactly how this is going to play out while many of the details that will be necessary to describe that are still yet to be defined. But what I can commit to is that we're going to continue to negotiate commercial and Medicare rates and formulary position separately, we're going to be disciplined as we do so.
Timothy Power: Kevin, can you go to the next question, please?
Operator: Comes from the line of Chris Schott of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks so much. Just two questions here. I guess first on the capital allocation front. I guess given the delevered balance sheet right, now I guess it's a 2-part question. You've got a lot of launches that are ramping right now. And I guess one of the questions we've been getting is, is there capacity in the organization for Bristol to pursue either near-to-market or on-market drugs at this point? Or is the commercial organization kind of full with what it's doing and the focus should be maybe more on the pipeline side on the BD front? And the second part of this is when I look at - you've got a $7 billion repo outstanding your, stocks trading at 9 times earnings, I guess where does repo kind of fit into the mix as you think about capital allocation? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. This is Giovanni. I'll get started and then I'll ask David to comment. So with respect to your question about our capacity for first of all, supporting ongoing launches and potentially looking at business development focused on later-stage assets, I don't see commercial capacity as a factor that would constrain our ability to do that. We have fully resourced organizations across all four therapeutic areas. In fact, several of the launches that are happening across different therapeutic area organizations right now and we've demonstrated our ability to shift resources in support of new launches in new therapeutic areas like dermatology, very effectively in the recent past. So we definitely - as I've always said, look at areas where we have deep research development and commercial expertise first when we look at BD. And there's obviously - there's clearly capacity from multiple perspectives to continue to add assets to the portfolio. So when we look at business development, we look at early deals that strengthen the long-term growth profile of the company. Our pipeline is actually really strong right now with respect to that. And we also look at opportunities that have a meaningful shorter-term impact, like we've done with MyoKardia and turning point, which are definitely models that given the right circumstances, we would be happy to continue to support. And I'll ask David to give you a perspective on capital allocation as it pertains to your second question.
David Elkins: Chris, thanks for the question. And as you know, business development remains our top priority as far as capital allocation is concerned, as we look to continue to replenish the portfolio and add additional growth opportunities in the second half of the decade. What I'd also say is that we've been committed to delevering and you've seen that we've been able to do that. We're down to two times debt to EBITDA, which gives us a lot of strategic flexibility from a business development perspective. And also growing the dividend remains a priority for us. We've grown the dividend for the past 14 years. And that's a commitment that we have, as you've seen for the past 14 years in doing that. And from a share repurchase, you're right, we have $7 billion in share authorization remaining, and we look to be opportunistic as we move forward with that.
Timothy Power: Thanks very much, David. Kevin can we go the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Anderson of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Adam on for Tim. Thanks for taking our question. So on Camzyos [ph] it seems like the uptake has been a little slow so far. Is REMS major gating factor? Can you comment on what percent of target prescriber market REMS certified at this point? And should we expect - and how should we expect this to progress throughout the year? Also, at what point will the majority of targeted doctors around certified? Is it too optimistic that things stat could be by year-end 2023? Thanks.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Let me take that, Adam. So first, we're pleased with the continued rollout of Camzyos. To your question about REM-certified physicians, we actually saw about a 25% increase in HCPs who were REMS certified in the quarter. We're now at approximately 3,250. The vast majority of those are coming from our top-tier accounts. We continue to drive utilization in those top-tier accounts. And so remember, we were targeting roughly 500 accounts at launch. If you look at the highest volume of those 500 accounts, we have utilization now in excess of 90% in those accounts. We're continuing to add additional utilization in those accounts every week. And then in the quarter, we expanded the team the Eliquis cardiovascular team to begin targeting accounts beyond those initial 500. The purpose being to continue to not only expand utilization outside of those institutions, but also importantly, to increase referrals into those institutions, and we've seen a nice uptake in patients coming in for enrollment. In fact, we saw about a 50% increase in the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter. So as we step back and look at it, the rollout of Camzyos continues to perform well. We do anticipate that the majority of use will continue to be in those top-tier accounts, as you alluded to. We're seeing a nice uptake, and we'll continue to see uptake through the course of the year. And I would expect that Camzyos' growth profile will continue to accelerate as we get further into the year as well.
Timothy Power: Can we go to next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Scala of Cowen. Your line is open.
Steve Scala: Thank you. I have two questions. First, can you describe the progression of Revlimid in 2023 on a quarter-by-quarter basis? And what are the primary drivers of that? So specifically, was Q1 likely the high quarter in 2023? Or will it be more volatile? And then secondly, if I may, Giovanni given your experience tenure now transition, any thoughts on the outlook for the industry over the next decade on pricing, IP ability to be continually innovative would be helpful. Is the industry just headed for debt [ph] by 1,000 cuts? Or will the future be more like the past? And we know there's a huge unmet need. So we're more looking for what's likely to happen. Many thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Steve. Let me - thanks for your question. This is Giovanni. I'll answer briefly. The second question, obviously, be happy to continue the dialogue and then I'll ask David to give you the answer on Revlimid. Listen, I think as I step back and think about where the industry is, the most important point is that science is progressing faster than ever. And quite frankly, as I've stepped back and really thought about the last few years, the immuno-oncology impact on cancer care has been extraordinary. I personally believe that cell therapy will be as impactful going forward, earlier today in the call, we discussed what's happening in terms of hematologic malignancies, but also the potential to expand two of the immune diseases and 1-day solid tumors, I think that will be a modality that will have a really big impact in the industry. I think we're very well positioned as the leader in that sector. So I personally think that science will continue to be creating exciting opportunities. I also believe that when I look at what is happening at BMS, we are now beginning to see the impact of the data, technology, the digital transformation we've invested in for many years is beginning to have in terms of fundamentally accelerating R&D efforts and productivity, I think that's going to be really important for us to bring the full pipeline to bear. You are right that there are meaningful headwinds from an access and pricing perspective everywhere around the world. And I think that just raises the bar for innovation. But I do believe that companies like BMS will continue to be successful just because of the strength of science. David?
David Elkins: Steve, thanks for the question on Revlimid. Just a couple of things. One, just reaffirming the full year guidance of $6.5 billion on Revlimid. As far as quarter-to-quarter, you should expect to see continued variability because we really don't control how the generics bring product to the marketplace. But as you're thinking about just a couple of points for you to consider. One, remember, we had a better Q4 than we're anticipating. So we think some of that has come out in Q1. Also, the other thing I'd remind you of, Q1 of last year, is, first, we saw generic entry really didn't come in until the February time frame in Europe and in the U.S., it was March. So Q1 of last year is our toughest comp. But look, I think the main takeaway is here is we're still thinking about this as $6.5 billion for the full year. We continue to expect that we're going to have variability, and we'll update you as the year progresses on that.
Timothy Power: Kevin, can we go to next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Shibutani from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Chris Shibutani: Thank you very much. Giovanni, appreciate your tenure. Chris, congratulations, and Adam as well. My question in terms of, as you think about what you bring to bear from your commercial experience, Chris. Do you think that on the forward that Bristol and the industry has the right structure, strategy and footprint in terms of thinking about commercializing in the U.S. as well as in Europe? And then secondly, related to that, if I could also ask about the immunology portfolio overall. Good initial traction with Sotyktu. It's an area where the company historically had a bigger presence seems to be re-emerging. How are you thinking about whether you have critical mass in that realm? And how intrigued are you about potential business development in that area on the commercial or in the R&D side? Thank you.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the question. I'll obviously take that. So first, let me just say, in terms of the transition, I'm absolutely thrilled with the opportunity. The past 8 years have been really the highlight of my career here at BMS, and I'm certainly looking forward to taking on the broader opportunity and continuing to work with the absolutely exceptional talent that we have at the company across all aspects of the company. With respect to the structure and how that's evolving. First, I think that if you look at BMS historically. We have always evolved how we're organized, where we place our resources, how we allocate those resources across channels to be aligned with, a, the portfolio we have and b, the environment that we're operating in. And I think that just at a macro level, that's how I would think about how we're going to continue to operate going forward. As Giovanni just alluded to in the previous question, there are obviously puts and takes in the industry. There's a lot to be excited about. There are also some headwinds. And so as we constantly are looking at the commercial model, we're staying focused on aligning that model to the world we live in. Clearly, digital is going to continue to play a much bigger role. We do believe that there will continue to be personal interactions required with key stakeholders. Health care is, by its nature, a personal interaction. The size and focus and orientation of those personal interactions will undoubtedly evolve and we're going to continue to stay ahead of all of those trends. As - with respect to immunology specifically, that's an incredibly exciting area for us. As you've alluded to, we have had a presence in that space with Orencia. We're very excited about both Zeposia and the launch with Sotyktu. And as we've talked about on this call, there's considerable opportunity to continue to grow that presence over time. That's required already for us to build additional capabilities in, for example, market access, which is a different dynamic in immunology versus oncology. I mean we're going to continue to make sure that we're allocating resources to ensure that, that particular portfolio is very successful commercially, both in the U.S. and ex U.S.
Timothy Power: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Geoff Meacham: Morning, guys. Thanks for the question. We also wanted to start by saying best wishes, Giovanni, you'll be missed and congrats to both Chris and Adam. On the life cycle management for Opdivo, Opdualag has seen pretty strong demand. Can you talk about where you think you could go beyond lung and wasn't sure what was supported by the mechanism or any newer data that you have? And then secondly, on subcutaneous Opdivo, maybe talk about where this falls and your priorities across the pipeline? And then what your expectations are for additional IP? Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Jeff, for the question. For Opdualag, let's, first of all, review, there is a large program already underway. Number one, already approved in the first-line metastatic melanoma. Number two, adjuvant melanoma. We are looking forward to the readout of that trial. Number three, the registration trial ongoing in colorectal cancer and MSS stable patient population, again, looking forward to that readout in the coming year. Then beyond that, the proof-of-concept studies that are already ongoing in non-small cell lung cancer, we are conducting a randomized Phase II study to generate the data and also to look at the progression-free survival as we compare combination of Opdualag with chemotherapy comparing it to a single agent I/O plus chemotherapy. So that will be a very important data set to define our path forward in non-small cell lung cancer. In addition to that, we have the programs ongoing in hepatocellular carcinoma as well. And there's a large investigator-initiated program that is going in parallel to see where the signals might be generated as we look forward. From the subcu Opdivo perspective, certainly excited about that in terms of looking at the readout. You know that the registration trial was ongoing in renal cell cancer. And as is the general practice, the application, if it is successful and if it is approved, then the application would be good for all other indications where nivolumab today uses a single agent. From a commercial perspective, maybe, Chris, do you want to comment on that?
Christopher Boerner: Sure. I think Samit's covered most of it. But I would say that we've always thought about subcu as something that is mainly focused on pushing the science forward and being able to support the needs of our customers. And in that regard, we see subcu potentially playing an important role in those accounts where Chair time is at a premium. It could be particularly important in, for example, an adjuvant setting where physicians may not need to have a more involved conversation with patients when they come in and there's a desire to get patients in and out and back on with their lives over an extended period of time. And so that's where we see subcu playing a particularly important role. I know there's been a lot of questions around the impacts of this under IRA. I think it's still unclear and too early to talk about that. But the way we think about subcu is very much in how do we improve the profile of this modality for customers and for patients.
Timothy Power: Next question please, Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks so much for taking the questions. My congrats to Chris as well and best to Giovanni in your retirement. Maybe a two-part one. Just wondering on Reblozyl in first line, I know we'll see the COMMANDS data at ASCO, but just - maybe you could speak to your confidence in a broad first-line label? And then given the recent CARTITUDE-4 data for a competitive product. Just wondering how you think about the competitive positioning here of Abecma once we see supply normalized in the CAR-T space for myeloma. Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: So thanks, Terence, for the questions. For Reblozyl command, let's again look at Reblozyl COMMAND study was conducted in an all-comer patient population. So both RS-positive and RS-negative. Certainly, you'll see the data being presented at ASCO, and we can have a longer discussion at that time. But overall, the studies are not positive. We met the primary endpoint. We met the secondary end points as well. Very important to note that in general, the longevity of that transfusion independence is a very critical factor that one should observe during the presentation because that's what matters in the real world and to the patient, how long they can stay away from transfusion. So overall, we are actually quite excited about the data, and of course, regulatory interactions will continue.
Christopher Boerner: Just from a commercial standpoint on COMMANDS and then we'll talk about the competitive dynamics you mentioned. I think it's important to recognize that, that COMMAND is a very important opportunity commercially, both in the U.S. and potentially outside of the U.S. It roughly doubles the size of the MDS opportunity. And as Samit just alluded to, it's important to keep in mind the significant unmet need in the space, chronic anemia and transfusion dependence for lower-risk MDS patients across the board is a significant challenge. There's a significant risk of death at roughly 50% greater compared to transfusion-independent patients. And while ESAs are the dominant first-line option for these patients, we need to remember that efficacy and duration of response is very limited. So we view this as a potentially very attractive commercial opportunity. As it relates to the competitive dynamics with Abecma, obviously, data in this space continues to evolve very quickly, both with respect to the CART 2 data and our own KarMMa-3 data. As we think about it, first and foremost, we need to see the data. We need to see the details of these data. But as we've consistently said, as the data progresses with CAR-Ts in hematology, we're seeing real patient benefit. And I think that's very exciting for patients. Across these products, we continue to see the importance of BCMA targeting. And most importantly, as we said from the very beginning, we see the room for multiple competitors to operate in this space, and that continues to be our view. It is, however, important to keep in mind that KarMMa-3 and [indiscernible] have two different patient populations. So it's difficult to compare these two studies. In KarMMa-3, we intended to design a study that reflects the patients that physicians see. We enrolled patients who are more difficult to treat. The vast majority of them are dara [ph] refractory. All of them are triple-class exposed. And so these are patients who you can think about being more third to fifth line patients. So I think it's going to be really critical that we see the full data set and then we take that data set into consideration with respect to how these products are performing in the real world. And what we consistently hear from customers is they want to see efficacy and safety that aligns in the real world to what they saw in the clinical studies, and they want to see manufacturing reliability, and we think those are all going to be important to keep an eye on as the full data sets get presented.
Timothy Power: Let's go to our next question, please
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Gould of Barclays. Your line is open.
Carter Gould: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions and Giovanni, best of luck in the future. I guess two for me. First on, I'd love to hear how you guys are thinking about sort of the frontline opportunity in Hodgkin's. Obviously, we're going to see the late breaker of nivolumab versus brentuximab at ASCO, but could that NCI data under certain circumstances be registrational? How you're thinking about that? And then, Samit, to whatever said I can get you to comment on sort of the next-generation Sotyktu [ph] asset and how you think about differentiation there versus Sotyktu?
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Carter. Look, on the first question around the Hodgkin's lymphoma data, we are aware of the data, of course, as you know, that this was a cooperative group that conducted the study. So it is not sponsored by BMS. But as we look at the data and as they are supportive, we will certainly, as appropriate, engage the health authorities, but certainly very excited to see that the data has come out positive. That could be really beneficial for patients in the future. In terms of the next-generation TYK2 inhibitor, we are in the early stages. We've just initiated our program, a Phase I study and then looking into psoriasis right now. But as we evolve with the data, we have our deep expertise and deep knowledge of the TYK2 pathway as well as psoriasis. So we'll be able to contrast and compare and define the clinical development plan as we go to the future for additional indications. And look for differentiation as well. So more to come. But at this time, we are just beginning those steps.
Timothy Power: Next question, please, Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas: Great. Thank you. Just a couple on Opdualag. It looks like your growth rate - your market share quarter-over-quarter were slowing a little bit. Can you just give some dynamics of how you think -- how much more penetration you can get into the melanoma space? And then second, just going back to the lung readout this year. A lot of other companies are focused on different IO-IO combos. What is your thought on the bar for success that you want to see? And then how you think it will shake up mechanistically compared to other IO compounds that other companies are developing? Thanks.
Christopher Boerner: So maybe I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Samit. Look, we're very pleased with the continued uptake of Optolag. As I think was referenced earlier, the shares are now over 20%. Keep in mind, we're also seeing some use in the second line plus setting. There are a few underlying dynamics that we're particularly happy about. First, we're seeing roughly 65% of the utilization coming from PD-1 monotherapy. And remember, that is the lowest hanging fruit for continued growth of this product. And we see monotherapy is still in that 15% to 20% range in terms of use in the first-line setting. So there's still considerable opportunity to grow there. We are seeing some physicians sourced from Opdivo, Yervoy. Those are mainly physicians who have some concerns about Yervoy toxicity, but we would envision that, that will continue as well. So that's an additional opportunity to grow this business. The other thing I would note is that during the first quarter, we actually saw an NCCN update. I mean that update is really important because what it did was it removed BRAC Nec [ph] inhibitors as a preferred treatment in the first-line setting. And so now when you look at preferred treatment options in first-line melanoma, they are all dual IO, either Opdivo, Yervoy or Opdualag. And I think that's a really important recognition on the importance of dual I-O therapy targeted in that first-line setting. Opdualag is going to continue to play a really important opportunity there. And then beyond melanoma, clearly, Samit has already articulated some of the opportunities there. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Just carrying on from there for the non-small cell lung cancer, look, it's not a bar we have set for success. But because it's a randomized Phase II study, the bar and the statistical programming is actually within the study comparing the combination of Opdualag with chemotherapy versus nivolumab plus chemotherapy, it gives us two elements. One is the contribution of relatlimab to Opdualag plus chemotherapy. And second, the differentiation and superiority if we can find one in PFS, and that's what we are trying to gather. And that data will then pave the way for initiation of our Phase III program. And in terms of other IO mechanisms and comparisons, I think you're alluding to some of the others, such as the TIGIT programs that are ongoing and those are yet to be proven. We are certainly looking forward to more and more data presentations. We have two of our programs already in that space as well. And as we generate the data and we look at the external data reading out towards their final stages, we'll be able to define and decipher where the application should be for which agent. And hopefully, as we see the data can define the future combinations as well with those agents.
Timothy Power: Kevin, we're running short on time here. Maybe we have time for two more. Can we go to our next one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Bristow of UBS. Your line is open.
Colin Bristow: Hey, good morning. My congrats to Chris and Adam. And Giovanni, all the best in the future. I guess in terms of the clinical readouts we're going to get from you this year, the main ones that we're getting the questions that stick out are the Phase II in IPF, particularly [indiscernible] lung. I wondered if you could just walk us through your expectations for each of these and maybe even offer which one you're most enthused about? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you. So since I don't have an 8 ball, I'm enthused about everything. That's why we conduct the studies. Of course, LPA1 data presentation is coming up very soon. That data has given us the excitement and encouragement to be looking forward to initiation of the Phase III trials in IPF as well as in PPF. We've already talked about the Crohn's disease data that it did not have the proof of concept yet for TYK2 inhibition mechanism in IBD and looking forward to that readout, certainly later this year. We'll have - we are looking forward to the non-small cell lung cancer readout late this year, early next year for Opdualag and that will pave the way for the future. But we also have several other readouts. If you think about cell therapy, we might have the ability to look for the data in additional indications for Breyanzi as well, and that will be important. You will also see the data for CLL study being presented at ASCO, which is going to be important in addition to what we talked about for COMMAND as well. So those are all going to be critical, and we are looking forward to adding more and more in terms of our pipeline successes as we look to the future.
Timothy Power: Kevin, let's go to our last question, please.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jon Huron from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Jon Huron from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Timothy Power: Kevin, maybe we'll go to the next question if Jon is not available.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Olivia Brayer from Cantor. Your line is open.
Olivia Brayer: Hey. Good morning, guys and thank you for the question. It looks like subcu Opdivo was discontinued in some indications in Phase III, just looking at your development slide. So can you give us any more color on what led to that decision and what it means for the subcu program going forward? And then if I can just sneak in one more. How much added capacity does your new U.S. cell therapy manufacturing facility get you? Is that something we should start to expect to contribute to supply this year? Or should we be thinking about that more as a 2024 driver?
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Olivia. For the first question on subcu, no, so let's clarify that. There are two subcu programs that we had for Opdivo. One was the syringe in vial, which is the one that we talked about before in renal cell cancer of the study that we're looking forward to the readout. The other program that we were initiating was the autoinjector program. And that is the one that we have discontinued. We didn't see more additional benefit of continuing that program at this time. So we will certainly have a readout of the subcu program in the Phase III in renal cell carcinoma. And as I said earlier, if the data are supportive and appropriate, then, of course, discussions with regulators will ensue for applying that to all other indications that Opdivo is used today as a single agent.
Christopher Boerner: And let me quickly take the capacity question. So first, as you look at cell therapy across the board, we are increasing capacity. We anticipate to continue to increase capacity this year as well as going into next year. That said, within the context of CAR-T, you have to say consistently focused on manufacturing. And remember, we have a threefold approach to how we're doing that. First, we're staying focused on manufacturing success rate. That's important on the liability point that I made previously. Second, and this is where the Illinois facility comes into play is we've got to increase vector supply. We have a dual sourcing strategy for that, both leveraging external partners as well as internalizing vector. And clearly, the acquisition of the Liberty Bill facility is important in that regard. And then finally, of course, is drug product. And there, we've made a number of investments, including facilities in Devens, Massachusetts and Enlighten in the Netherlands. As for when the vector facility in Illinois will be up and running, we need to take ownership of the facility first. And then we've got to complete all of the site onboarding and there's a fairly complex process in terms of tech transfer that's going to be required. So we anticipate it's going to take about 18 months from when we fully acquired the site, which would put that meaningfully contributing as we get into 2025.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris and Sami. Thanks, Olivia, and thanks, everyone. So to summarize, a strong start of the year with double-digit growth of our in-line and new product portfolio on track for the year to grow top and bottom line, as we discussed earlier. And we feel good about where we are after the first quarter. The team will be available after your very busy day to answer any other questions you may have. And I want to thank all of you for participating in the call. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Bristol-Myers Squibb Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Power, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Timothy Power: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you'll note, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can follow along with for Giovanni and David's remarks. Before we get going, I'll read our forward-looking statements. During this call, we will make certain statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. With that, I'll hand it over to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 4. I am pleased to report another strong quarter for Bristol-Myers Squibb, concluding a very successful year. Last year was an important year for our company, the first with Revlimid generics. Given that, I am very proud to say that in 2022, we grew our business and made tremendous progress advancing our pipeline, including launching three new first-in-class medicines and progressing six promising programs into registrational development. While David will provide additional details on the financials in a moment, I will point out a few highlights. Last year, we delivered revenue growth of 3%, adjusting for foreign exchange. Importantly, growth was driven by our in-line and new product portfolios. So I am pleased to note that we delivered continued strong growth in the fourth quarter for these assets, up 12% adjusting for foreign exchange. We also grew our earnings, including non-GAAP EPS growth of 8% for the full year. As we start 2023, I am confident we have established a strong foundation for Bristol-Myers Squibb. As you will note from our guidance, we expect to grow both revenue and non-GAAP EPS this year. Importantly, we remain on track to achieve the commitments we have made for 2025. Given increasing confidence in our new product portfolio and continued progress with our broader pipeline, we see multiple paths to growth through 2030. Let me now provide some perspective on 2022. On Slide 5, you can see our overall pipeline execution last year. I am very pleased with our progress, which further supports renewal of our portfolio. While we advanced on many fronts, I would like to highlight a few accomplishments: Approval of three first-in-class medicines, including Opdualag, Camzyos and Sotyktu, which address areas of high unmet medical need and have significant commercial potential. Further progress expanding the reach of our new product portfolio, including an important expansion opportunity for Reblozyl in first-line MDS with COMMANDS, positive top line results of KarMMa-3 based on which Abecma is the first BCMA CAR-T to have demonstrated superiority to standard regimens in relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma. And initiation of registrational trials for Sotyktu in lupus. Remember, in the Phase II study, Sotyktu demonstrated an encouraging profile in this hard-to-treat disease. We believe lupus can be an important expansion opportunity for the brand.  Progress with the next generation of medicines includes important proof-of-concept data for milvexian in secondary stroke prevention, enabling the initiation of the Phase III program this year and a positive trial for our LPA1 asset in lung fibrosis. This asset has come into focus only recently and is a prime example of the optionality that comes from having a broad pipeline. We are looking forward to presenting data and starting Phase III trials for this asset later this year. On Slide 6, you can see how we strengthened the outlook for our new product portfolio, which, as you know, is central to our strategy of renewing our portfolio over the coming years. Our pipeline execution and strong commercial momentum position us well to achieve $10 billion to $13 billion of risk-adjusted revenue in 2025. And as a result of the strong progress with our pipeline, we have significantly de-risked the $25 billion plus of long-term non-risk-adjusted revenue potential. As you can also see on this slide, we continue to see exciting catalysts ahead for these assets. So turning to our scorecard for this year on Slide 7. It's encouraging to observe the breadth of catalysts we see ahead as a company in the near term. I'll point out a few highlights. Just last week, we announced our Phase I/II trial for Breyanzi in relapsed refractory CLL met the primary endpoint. In Europe, we expect to launch Camzyos in obstructive HCM and are pleased to have received positive CHMP opinion for our first and only selective TYK2 inhibitor, Sotyktu. Our ROS1 inhibitor, repotrectinib is expected to be filed in the U.S. in lung cancer. We have an important expansion opportunity for Reblozyl in first-line MDS. Along with our partners at Janssen, we have embarked on registrational trials for milvexian, and we expect to move Abecma into earlier lines of therapy. Finally, we are further advancing our multiple myeloma CELMoD program with a head-to-head study of iberdomide versus Revlimid in the post-transplant maintenance setting. As we have done in the prior years, we look forward to updating you on our progress as we continue to advance our pipeline and further support our portfolio renewal. Turning to Slide 8. I I'd like to remind you about what we've accomplished in the past few years and how that prepares us well for the near, mid and long term. When we began the transformation of our company three years ago, we told you what we believed we could achieve and we have delivered across the board. Financially, we have grown our company, over delivered synergies, reduced our debt and generated significant cash flows. We have launched all nine new medicines, including three first-in-class products that were approved last year. And we've continued to execute disciplined business development to further support our growth profile in the future. Our record of execution further strengthens my confidence in our ability to renew our portfolio and deliver long-term growth. With all of this in mind, let me move to Slide 9 to discuss our outlook for this year and beyond. As you know, we expect to drive growth through 2025 and sustain strong profitability as we transform our portfolio. And that journey continues this year. We delivered growth through Revlimid generics in 2022. And as you can see from our guidance today, we expect to continue to grow this year. With the focus turning to the second half of the decade, we continue to see multiple paths to growth, driven by growth of the new products, contribution from our advancing late-stage pipeline, including milvexian LPA1 and the CELMoDs, and significant optionality from our early pipeline, complemented by flexibility for additional business development. All the while, we are transforming our portfolio to be younger, more diversified and more resilient in the face of an increasingly complex pricing environment in the U.S. and internationally. Before I turn to David, let me express my gratitude to our teams across the globe, starting with our research and development organization, which had a stellar 2022. As you will have seen, this week, we announced Dr. Rupert Vessey's decision to retire, effective July 3. I want to thank Rupert for his extraordinary contributions since he joined BMS as a result of the acquisition of Celgene. Rupert led the successful integration of research and the development of a strong pipeline across all stages of development. We are now combining development across early and late stage under Samit's leadership and preparing to transition the research organization to report to Dr. Robert Plenge, who will serve as EVP and Chief Research Officer, when Rupert retires this summer. The focus and determination of these leaders and all of our teams will enable us to continue to deliver for the patients depending on us. I'll now turn it over to David to walk you through the financials. David?
David Elkins : Thank you, Giovanni, and thank you all again for joining our call today. I know this is a busy morning for all of you. As Giovanni mentioned, 2022 was another solid year of execution for Bristol-Myers Squibb. Let's get started with our top line performance on Slide 11. Unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are made versus the same period in 2021 and sales performance growth rates will be discussed on an underlying basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. We delivered on our full year commitments with sales of approximately $46 billion with growth of 3%. Demand for our diversified in-line and new product portfolio was strong, with revenue growth of 13% for the year, more than offsetting the loss of exclusivity for Revlimid in the first year of generic entry. Let me dive deeper now into fourth quarter and full year performance of our new product portfolio on Slide 12. Global revenues in the quarter were $645 million, up 87%, while full year revenues topped over $2 billion, nearly doubling over 2021. With nine new product approvals and multiple additional indications coming to fruition, we have an increasingly de-risked new product portfolio. This provides us confidence that we are on track to deliver the potential of our new product portfolio with $25 billion of non-risk-adjusted revenue expected at the end of the decade. Moving to Slide 13 to discuss our performance of our solid tumor portfolio. Global Opdivo sales reflect strong demand for our newly launched and core indication with double-digit growth in the fourth quarter and the full year. In the U.S., fourth quarter revenue saw full year sales grow strong, growing 13% and 15%, respectively. This growth was primarily driven by demand for our new metastatic and adjuvant indications, partially offset by declining second-line eligibility as well as some use of Opdualag in first-line melanoma. Internationally, revenues grew 20% in the fourth quarter and 14% for the full year. Fourth quarter revenue growth was largely driven equally by demand and timing of shipments. Demand was primarily driven to new indications, particularly first-line lung and upper GI cancers. As we look to this year, we expect growth of Opdivo to continue. This growth will come from an expanded indications in both early and late-stage cancers. Now turning to our first-in-class LAG-3 inhibitor, Opdualag, which had an impressive first year on the market. Approved in the U.S. in late March, Opdualag generated sales of $252 million in 2022. Sales in the fourth quarter had strong sequential growth of 24% versus quarter three, with first-line melanoma market share now in the high teens. We continue to see room for growth of Opdualag in first-line melanoma, where PD-1 monotherapy share still is approximately 20%. And further potential with pivotal studies in adjuvant melanoma and second-line plus colorectal cancer underway. On Slide 14, let's discuss our growing cardiovascular portfolio, starting with Eliquis, which had another great year. Global revenues in the fourth quarter and the full year grew 6% and 14%, respectively. In the U.S., fourth quarter sales increased 15%, driven primarily by demand and favorable gross to net adjustments. Internationally, Eliquis is the leading OAC in many countries. Given high market shares across these countries, demand growth has been offset by pricing measures as well as generic entry in Canada, the UK and the Netherlands. Now turning to our first-in-class myosin inhibitor, Camzyos. Sales in the fourth quarter were $16 million. We are pleased with the progress we have made since the launch in May of 2022. We laid a strong foundation of REMS certify over 2,600 healthcare professionals and enabled key centers to get operationally ready to make Camzyos available to patients. We also significantly increased the number of patients on commercial dispensed drug, which provides strong momentum heading into this year. We look forward to continuing this momentum as well as bringing Camzyos to European patients with approval expected by midyear. Moving to our hematology portfolio on Slide 15, starting with Revlimid. Global sales for the full year were approximately $10 billion, impacted by generic entry. As we noted last year, we expected variability quarter-to-quarter. And in 2022, we saw slower-than-anticipated utilization of generic lenalidomide in the U.S. With favorability in 2022 and anticipated increase in generic volume this year, we expect Revlimid revenues to be approximately $6.5 billion in 2023. We continue to expect an average $2.5 billion annual step down as a reasonable assumption for 2024 and 2025. Pomalyst global revenues continue to grow in the fourth quarter and for the full year, driven primarily by demand for triple-based regimens in earlier lines of therapy and extending duration of treatment for patients. As usual, in the first quarter, I would like to remind you of the typical seasonality Revlimid and Pomalyst experience due to patients entering the Medicare Coverage Gap early in the year. Now moving to Reblozyl, our first-in-class EMA. Demand for Reblozyl was strong with fourth quarter and full year sales growing over 30%. In the U.S., revenues grew over 20% in both the fourth quarter and full year. We have made great progress since launch by increasing patient adherence, extending treatment durations and accelerating switches when ESAs fail. Internationally, Reblozyl continues to launch in different markets across the globe with launches now in 16 markets outside the U.S. Growth continues to be driven by demand in both MDS and beta thalassemia-associated anemia and attaining reimbursement in additional countries. Turning to our differentiated cell therapy portfolio, Abecma and Breyanzi. Our first-in-class BCMA cell therapy, Abecma, continued its robust performance. Global revenues for the full year were $388 million versus $164 million in 2021. This represents strong growth year-over-year reflecting significant patient demand and the work the company has done to increase manufacturing capacity. We remain focused on continuing to ramp up capacity and believe this will enable us to get Abecma to more patients with highly refractory myeloma as well as preparing to move into earlier lines of therapy. Lastly, moving to our best-in-class CD19 cell therapy, Breyanzi. Global sales for the year were $182 million, more than doubling over 2021. Sales in the quarter reflect strong demand and hard work of our teams to expand supply. Looking to this year, we continue to expect growth driven by demand for Breyanzi in second-line plus large B-cell lymphoma, and we remain focused on continuing to build manufacturing capacity to further support the uptake and prepare for additional indications. Now let's move to our expanded immunology portfolio on Slide 16, starting with our first-in-class S1P agonist, Zeposia. Fourth quarter sales grew 69%, while full year global sales nearly doubled, driven by increased demand in multiple sclerosis and ulcerative colitis. Our strategy to expand volume and to improve commercial access is materializing. We've made progress with several plans with either 0 or 1 step edit, which will meaningfully expand access as we move in 2023. We expect continued growth of Zeposia to evolve primarily from MS today to UC over time. And remember, as with any new immunology medicine heading into the first quarter, the typical dynamics of co-pays resetting each year tend to impact the first quarter performance as additional co-pay supports affects gross to net adjustments. Internationally, we are continuing to focus on securing reimbursement in additional markets to get Zeposia to more patients living with MS and UC. Finally, turning to our first-in-class TYK2 inhibitor for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, Sotyktu. We're extremely pleased with the U.S. launch so far. Still early days, but physician feedback has been outstanding. As of December, we had over 2,000 script equivalents on Bridge and commercial drug. Since then, we continue to make progress in new scripts and see that the use of Sotyktu is roughly evenly split across systematic naive patients, Otezla switch patients and biologic switch patients. We remain focused on driving demand for this new medicine as the oral choice and ensuring as many patients as possible get Sotyktu to enable broader formulary positions in 2024. Internationally, we are now approved in Japan and in Canada with expected European approval by midyear. Switching gears to our fourth quarter P&L on Slide 17. Having just covered sales performance, let me walk you through a few non-GAAP key line items. As expected, fourth quarter gross margin was impacted primarily by product mix and higher manufacturing costs. For the full year, gross margin was in line with our prior guidance at approximately 79%. Excluding acquired in-process R&D, fourth quarter and full year operating expenses decreased primarily due to reallocation of investments behind our growth opportunities and the impact from foreign exchange and dilution from the Turning Point acquisition. Acquired in-process R&D in the quarter was $52 million, which was partially offset by $16 million of licensing income that benefited OI&E in the quarter. Fourth quarter effective tax rate was approximately 11%, driven by earnings mix and onetime items with the full year tax rate of approximately 15%. Overall, fourth quarter earnings per share was $1.82. From a full year perspective, we ended the year at the upper end of our guidance range at $7.70, representing 8% over previous year.  Moving to the balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 18. Cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter was $3.3 billion. The company's balance sheet remains strong with approximately $9 billion of cash and marketable securities on hand as of December 31. Our capital allocation priorities are unchanged. Business development remains a top priority to further renew and diversify our portfolio and strengthen our growth outlook while also focused on balance sheet strength and returning capital to shareholders. We have executed several early stage business development deals as well as acquiring Turning Point Therapeutics last year. Our strong balance sheet allows us to be size-agnostic on deals. As it relates to balance sheet strength in 2022, we reduced debt by over $5 billion, and we are committed to maintaining a strong investment-grade credit rating. And finally, as it relates to returning capital to shareholders, we have a longstanding track record of paying dividend for 91 consecutive years and recently grew the dividend for the 14th consecutive year. We remain committed to growing the dividend, subject to Board approval and continue to be opportunistic on share repurchases, with approximately $7 billion remaining in our share repurchase authorization. Let me close with our 2023 non-GAAP guidance on Slide 19. Due to unpredictable macroeconomic factors and large swings in foreign exchange last year, we are providing guidance on a reported basis as well as an underlying basis, which assumes currency remains consistent with prior year. We expect 2023 revenues to grow approximately 2% on a reported and constant currency basis. This reflects our confidence that our in-line and new product portfolios will more than offset the LOE impact from Revlimid and Abraxane. We expect Revlimid sales to be approximately $6.5 billion, which assumes additional step-up to generic manufacturers later in Q1 as well as continued variability quarter-to-quarter. With the momentum of our new product portfolio, we expect it to roughly double versus last year and will be approximately $4 billion.  As it relates to our line item guidance for the year, we expect our gross margin to be approximately 77%, which reflects a shift in product mix. We do not predict acquired in-process R&D. So excluding this, we expect our total operating expenses to decline in the low single-digit range. This reflects a reallocation of cost and efficiency initiatives in MS&A as we continue to invest in our new launches. R&D expenses are expected to be largely in line with last year due to our dynamic portfolio of studies reading out and new study starts. We project our tax rate to be approximately 17%, reflecting changes to Puerto Rico tax laws and product mix. Finally, we expect to grow our non-GAAP earnings per share with a range of $7.95 to $8.25. This represents growth of approximately 5%. Excluding prior year acquired in-process R&D, adjusted EPS would grow approximately 2%. So before we move over to Q&A, I want to thank our colleagues around the world for the strong performance in 2022. Our strong execution in 2022 and our commitments for 2023 reflects the resiliency of our business and the renewal of our product portfolio. The performance in the year positions us well for long-term growth. I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and Giovanni for questions and answers.
Timothy Power : Thanks very much, David. I know it's a very busy schedule today. So we're going to get into the Q&A. If you could keep questions just to one, that would be very helpful. Dennis, could we go to the first question, please?
Operator: Yes. The first question is from the line of Chris Schott with JPMorgan. I'm sorry. It's from the line of Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoffrey Meacham : Okay. Hi, everyone. Thanks for the question. I'll keep it to one. So TYK2, I realize it's early days in the launch. But what are the opportunities to improve formulary positioning this year as your market share improves? And do the many biosimilars launching this year, HUMIRA as well as across the board, have an impact on any of these PBM discussions?
Christopher Boerner : Sure. Thanks for the question, Geoff. This is Chris. I'll take it. So first, we're very happy with the performance Sotyktu. It's obviously early days, but as is reflected in the remarks that David just had the reception for the product has been very, very good. The feedback that we're getting on the profile coming from customers is good. We now have over 2,000 scripts. As of the end of November our market share for the oral market in moderate-to-severe psoriasis is roughly 35% for new products. And it's roughly 12% if you look at the overall market, and that's just after two full months of launch. So very happy with what we're seeing in terms of the momentum coming out of Q4.  And as it relates to whether we can accelerate the access position, I think the way we would characterize it is the base case continues to be 2024 for moving into a better access position. That said, we're doing everything we can to possibly accelerate that. We're obviously having good discussions with payers. And the strategy that we have for potentially accelerating that remains unchanged, which is continue to drive demand as quickly as possible for this product. And the good news is we have the profile, and we're seeing the feedback from customers that we think will enable us to do that. As for the impact of biosimilars, obviously, this is a dynamic environment. You've seen a number of movements just in the last few weeks. What I would say is that our approach to gaining access really doesn't evolve based on what we know about biosimilars. We think 2023 is going to be a transition year for biosimilars. Clearly, the strategies of companies and PBMs will continue to evolve. So it's something we'll stay on top of. But as we said right now, certainly, the strategy that we have for Sotyktu doesn't change.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Chris Shibutani with Goldman Sachs.
Chris Shibutani : With Camzyos, that progress of rolling that out, you have previously talked about the different mix of centers of excellence, and you gave us a patient number. Can you give us a sense for what the relative distribution is of those larger centers versus perhaps maybe smaller practices? Are you seeing momentum with the setup of certifications and essentially the patient flow that you are hoping for at the pace so far?
Christopher Boerner : Sure. Thanks for the question, Chris. We're seeing a nice acceleration of both patient and physician dynamics for Camzyos. As I think David mentioned, we now have over 1,800 patients who have been prescribed. Importantly, we're seeing good and increasing conversion of those scripts to commercial drug. You may recall that in the third quarter, we talked about 30% of scripts that converted over to commercial drug. In Q4, that was 50%. So we're gaining momentum there. And the feedback that we're getting from the centers of excellence continues to be very strong. And so we've seen a nice pickup. And what I would say is that, that pickup has accelerated over the course of the fourth quarter. Recall that we are targeting approximately 500 accounts nationally. Those accounts account for roughly 60% of the overall patient volume. And what we've seen over the last quarter is a nice acceleration in the use of Camzyos in those accounts. And importantly, some of the slower accounts that we have been focused on continue to build the infrastructure necessary to get patients on therapy. And so we've seen a nice acceleration with those specific accounts as well. So overall, we feel like we're making good progress as we exit 2022.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Christopher Schott : Just going back to Sotyktu. Does the mild to moderate Otezla label represent a hurdle at all for Sotyktu as you think about competing for frontline share? Obviously, you're seeing some now. But is that a hurdle you guys think about? And just maybe slip a really quick second one in. Eliquis, you saw favorable gross to net in most of the quarters in 2022. Does that continue in '23? Or should we think of growth this year, maybe more aligned with volume growth?
Christopher Boerner : Sure. This is Chris. I'll take both of those. Thanks for the questions, Chris. With respect to Sotyktu, we don't see that the Otezla broader market going into the mild category has an impact on us. And in fact, what we're seeing is very strong momentum with Sotyktu in moderate to severe patients. When we talk to customers, what we hear from them. There's excitement to use the product in the full spectrum of our label, which includes not only the severe patients, but importantly, those moderate patients. And then if you look at the uptake that we're seeing so far, it's reflective of the fact that physicians are going to be willing to use it, really both in moderate to severe. So given the fact that we have two Phase III studies that clearly show superiority across that patient population relative to Otezla, we don't see that being a particular barrier with respect to how we think about the uptake of the product. As for gross to nets for Eliquis, for 2022, as you know, we did see some favorability due to mainly the source of business and channel mix. But as you well know, this space is a very competitive space. It's heavily managed. So we don't see gross to net favorability as we look forward. There will continue to be variability across quarters. As we've talked about many times in the past, you do see late year seasonality with a product like Eliquis and gross to nets. But on a forward-looking basis, we don't see favorability with gross and that's with this product.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim.
Seamus Fernandez : So my question actually is on IRA and the drugs that are potentially going to be selected for negotiation towards the end of this year. Just wondering how Bristol is going to manage that situation in particular? I know that you do have patent expirations that will limit the impact there. But if that is starting in 2026, given Bristol's current product portfolio, Eliquis, one of the top players there, just interested to know what it is that you feel Bristol can do to temper the impact there?  And then also a sort of separate but related question on IRA. We're seeing the sort of free drug launches that are running for at least a full year and maybe not purely free drug, but substantially aided. Trying to just get a better understanding, particularly for oral, it's starting to look like the life cycle there is starting to get truncated to six to seven years. Wondering if you feel comfortable or even confident that there'll be a better alignment of the oral incentives versus biologic incentives inside IRA as well?
Giovanni Caforio : Thanks, Seamus. This is Giovanni. I'll take the question, and I'll ask Chris to comment on your second question about the free goods strategies. So I think when you look at IRA, similar to the discussion we've had before, I would say there is a lot that we still don't know. As you know, CMS is working through the procedural aspects of implementing the legislation. And of course, over the course of this year, we'll learn much more.  Now when you look at your question about BMS. So first of all, we know that we do not see an impact from IRA until 2026 when some of the government price setting starts. And you are right that it is possible that Eliquis is impacted in 2026. So of course, we need to learn more in order to understand what the degree of impact may be. I'll just remind you that while we book 100% of the revenue for Eliquis, we split, obviously, the profit with Pfizer. So in many ways, it is an important brand, but it's a smaller brand in terms of determining our earnings trajectory versus what you would think about the revenue line. Now what can we do to continue to grow the company through the execution and implementation of IRA. In many ways, it's exactly what we are doing is advancing new medicines to the market in order to accelerate the renewal of our portfolio. So when you look at 2026, given our expectations that new launch brands will be $10 billion to $13 billion in sales. I would say there will be a very dynamic, young portfolio that will drive the company growth for the second half of the year. And of course, those products will have been launched very recently and therefore, won't be a candidate to government by setting for a while. Now the last comment that I would make is you are right about the challenges associated with the diverging natives as you refer to them, for the nine years, for all 13-year for biologics. We obviously are not pleased with that because the science is going very much in terms of enabling us to deliver -- to develop more and more molecules. But obviously, any change there would require legislative changes. Chris, do you want to comment on the launch of dynamics?
Christopher Boerner : Sure. Seamus, it's an interesting question on the role that free drug programs play in light of IRAs. As I think most of you know, free drug programs are typical, particularly in markets where rebates require that you have a transition period, particularly for new products to make their way into a more favorable access position. Now there's a dynamic there in that those free drug programs are typically targeted to commercial payers. I mean, commercial patients and IRA, of course, is focused on Medicare. That dynamic notwithstanding, I think that you're right, though, that to the extent that free drugs and free-drug programs play out for extended periods, it could have a negative impact when you look at the restrictions and price setting coming in, in nine years. I think what that reinforces for us though is the importance of very strong commercial execution because clearly, what you want to do is transition from free drugs into a more favorable access position as quickly as possible. And so as we just discussed, for a product like Sotyktu, that's going to continue to be our focus. But I think it's a very important question. It's something that we're going to have to continue to monitor as we learn more about the rollout of IRA.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Scala with Cowen.
Stephen Scala : We noted that Bristol initiated a milvexian SSP Phase III trial with primary completion in November 2026 and that additional Phase IIIs will be started in the first half of this year. But Bayer studies are expected to read out a full year earlier. Is this consistent with your perception that Bristol is a year behind Bayer? I should add that you are not first with Eliquis and ended up dominating, but let me let you answer the question.
Samit Hirawat : Thank you, Steve. Samit here. Thank you for the question. Look, we planned the studies, and we put a timeline with those studies in terms of the enrollment. And then of course, these are event-driven trials. So we'll have to wait for the events to happen before we read out and report the results. So we have to take all of those into account, but of course, the clinical trials we can impact them by looking at what the enrollment rates are and how these trials are involved. So I think what you see on trials.gov is our guesstimate of when the trials are going to be reading out it is that we might be leading out earlier. It is possible our competitors will be reading out later. But these are early days, and we'll update you as the trial progresses if the time lines do shift.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Timothy Anderson : A few questions back on Sotyktu. Can you just quantify where you are on market access in '22 in terms of number of lives covered? And where you do have access, are there any step that is requiring Otezla first? And then on your Bridge program, will that last all the way through '23? Or will you begin to phase it out before year-end?
Christopher Boerner : Thanks for the question. So with respect to market access, we think we have about 10% of patients who are in plans that have open or preferred access. And obviously, that's going to continue to increase as we continue to engage with payers. And as we said, our base case for a much more favorable access position at large across the major PBMs is for 2024, but we're doing everything we can to accelerate that. As for the Bridge programs, Bridge programs are typical in this market, and I think we would typically think about keeping those Bridge programs open until we find that we are in a position where we've got the volume to negotiate a much faster access or more favorable access with the big PBMs. The nice thing that we're seeing, Tim, with Sotyktu is that the vast majority of patients are going into our hub. What that enables us to do is monitor the status of those patients with respect to formulary positioning. And so even if that Bridge program is open, we have the ability to transition those patients to commercial drug, the moment we certify that their plans are able to take them on commercial drug. And so it's a more dynamic process than might be indicated just in the discussions that we've had. In fact, we have the ability to look at this on a more real-time basis. But we do anticipate that those Bridge programs will remain open certainly as we get into 2024.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman : On Abecma, you went from kind of struggling to meet patient demand in early 2022 to now expanding into earlier lines of therapy. Now how should we think about bridging this gap, really I'm talking about expanding capacity and when we could potentially see more slots come online for both your cell therapies?
Christopher Boerner : Yes. Evan, maybe I'll take that one. This is Chris. So we're actually quite happy with the capacity that we continue to -- and actually, we saw with both products in the fourth quarter. You may recall that for Breyanzi, we had anticipated the expansion of capacity would wait until we got into this year. We were very happy to see that expansion be accelerated into Q4. So I think that as we look forward to this year, we continue to see an expansion of capacity for both cell products, cell therapy products, and that's certainly true with Abecma. And I would say the other thing to keep in mind is we've thought about manufacturing, which is going to continue to be an area of focus for us for cell therapy is we have a threefold strategy. First, we continue to stay focused on manufacturing success rates. That's 1 of the more important elements that frankly affect all cell therapy products. It's -- these are complex drugs, they're living products and you have to stay focused on your manufacturing success rate. Second, we've talked at length about vector supply, and we obviously have a number of strategies in play from dual sourcing to increasing the number of suites and ultimately switching to a next-generation suspension vector on that front. And then finally, drug product. And there, it's mainly about bringing additional manufacturing sites online, and we've discussed previously our efforts in Devens, Massachusetts enlightened to do just that.  So what I would say sort of leveling it up is that manufacturing has to continue to be an area of focus for us. We've got good strategies in place, and we've seen those strategies play out with expanded capacity, not only in Q4 but we anticipate through the remainder of this year.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley.
Terence Flynn : David, probably for you. Just thinking about the guidance, OpEx, you've guided a low single decline this year, which offsets some of the gross margin pressure and R&D, you're holding flat, so it looks like most of the decline is going to come on the SG&A side. So just as we look into 2024, I guess we're anticipating additional gross margin pressure given Revlimid rolling off more fully. How should we think about expenses in as we think about the cadence into '24?
David Elkins : Terence, thank you for the question. And you're right as it relates to gross margins, we do anticipate them coming down and last year was in line with expectations as what we're guiding this year that 77% due to that product mix as revenue declines. As far as OpEx is concerned, we continue to find efficiencies, operational efficiencies. We learned a lot through COVID with digital technologies, particularly on how we're engaging with healthcare professionals. But also on top of that, reallocating resources from the mature brands to our launch products and making sure they're fully funded. We've been able to do that very effectively. From an R&D perspective, you may recall, as we talked about the levels of R&D spend, it's really driven by our portfolio. That has the single biggest impact on the level of R&D spend, and we just launched nine new products. So we had many late-stage programs coming offline. We have some new ones coming online, but some of those are through partnerships. I think milvexian a great example of that, where we have several Phase III programs that are going to be beginning, but that's shared with our -- those calls are shared with our partners. So that's why we believe, as we look at our business this year, a low single-digit decline in our overall operating expenses is what we're anticipating. But we feel very confident even with the step down in gross margin. As we look at our base, continue to grow the top line faster than our expense base that gives us the flexibility to maintain those operating margins above 40%.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo.
Mohit Bansal : Maybe if I may ask a little bit more on the guidance side. So from our math, it looks like for in-line products, you are looking at another really good year. So after like 11% growth, we calculate, you're expecting about 8% growth again this year, which seems to be the delta between you and consensus. So could you please talk a little bit about puts and takes there? And where do you see the most robust growth in that in-line portfolio, considering Eliquis OUS challenges there as well?
David Elkins : Yes. Well, thank you for the question. And you're right. We do see multiple drivers for our growth in '23. As I said, overall, 2% growth with our in-line and new product portfolio, offsetting the declines in our -- in Revlimid and the LOEs. And that's really coming across as we think about the in-line. And as we talked about before, we had really strong double-digit growth on Eliquis this past year. We continue to see growth despite some of the headwinds that we see in Europe, good strong growth in the U.S. and Opdivo-Yervoy with our additional tumor indications and adjuvant setting. We continue to see good growth in lung as well as in gastric cancers and continue to see very strong growth continuing on our IO franchise. And then the new products, remember, that's a significant growth driver. As I talked about in my earlier remarks, and that doubled last year. And as we said, we see that continuing into this year. So between the in-line business as well as that new product momentum that we have as we exited last year and the guidance we're providing this year, we have multiple ways to continue to grow, and we're very confident in our ability to do that this year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Carter Gould with Barclays.
Carter Gould : Maybe you focus on one of those launch products with Reblozyl here. You alluded to some duration growth. Would love any additional color you can provide there? And then as you think about COMMANDS, how should we think about the stages to filing and when we might see that data presented? Is that something we might have to wait to, say, late June 4? Or is there the opportunity to potentially share that data ahead of them?
Christopher Boerner: Yes. Maybe I'll start and then switch it over to Samit for your questions on COMMANDS. So with respect to Reblozyl, yes, we continue to see good acquisition of new patients on Reblozyl out of coming out of the fourth quarter. And certainly, we would expect to see that continue into this year. But as you note, where we see the potential for the most significant growth with this product is really first is increasing dosing and administration and ensuring that we've got the right titration of patients. We have seen some improvements in that regard over the last year. In fact, duration of therapy is up 6% in 2022 versus 2021, and we would expect to continue to see, particularly as patients titrate up over time, consistent with the MEDALIST study that, that duration of therapy would continue to increase this year. And then the second big area of focus that we have is getting those patients who are no longer responding to ESAs in the first-line setting to move on to Reblozyl. That's has been a big area of focus for us. And again, here, too, we've made good progress. The time on ESAs has decreased since our approval from roughly 18 months to now roughly 11 months. And so those are the two big dimensions that we have as a focus in 2023. And then obviously, the COMMANDS study provides the next large catalyst for growth. And we think that, that indication will roughly double the opportunity that we have with Reblozyl. But in terms of timing, I think Samit can speak to that.
Samit Hirawat : Thank you, Chris, and thanks, Carter, for the question as well. So we don't have the specifics of the conference right now, where we will be able to share the data. But certainly, we will confirm that as information becomes available. In terms of the filing, again, we do not comment on that until we have -- we release -- we do a press release after the file is accepted. But certainly pleased with the data, as Chris just mentioned, COMMANDS is an important study for moving Reblozyl to the front line where we compared against an active control of ESAs and shown the superiority.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Matt Phipps with William Blair.
Matthew Phipps : You noted in the slides the decision not to move cendakimab into forward in atopic derm. Is that something specific from the product profile in the Phase II? Or that could maybe read through to the ongoing EoE trial? Or is it just the competitive dynamics in atopic dermatitis?
Samit Hirawat : Yes, sure, Matt. I can take that question, Samit here. Thank you for that. Look, remember, we have always said that as we move our programs forward, we always look at the data and we want to see the differentiation of that data and then, of course, look at the landscape and the competitive dynamics as well in atopic dermatitis, there are several therapies that have recently become available for patients, and they're very effective. And so we had set our threshold quite high in terms of making that difference for the patients for atopic dermatitis. So we have seen the data. We do meet the primary endpoint, but we don't think that it has a competitive advantage over what is available to the patients at this time. And therefore, we are not moving it to the registration trials but it has nothing to do with what we saw for cendakimab in eosinophilic esophagitis, where we not only saw a change in the eosinophil infiltration, but also the dynamics in terms of the outcomes of patients for their dysphagia as well as the fibrosis in the Phase II study. And so that study continues and certainly, we'll share the results when the study is completed.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Truist Securities.
Robyn Karnauskas : Great. Thank you for the question. So you have TYK2 in lupus, Sotyktu in lupus, there's going to be a Phase III reading out with Pfizer on JAK plus TYK2 later this year. Maybe frame it on if that trial fails, like what's your thoughts on the biology and how you'll think about potential success of your TYK2? And then a flip question, if it succeeds, how do we think about from a biology standpoint, if you know anything about how much value adding JAK on top of a TYK2 might be for lupus? I know it could influence the safety profile, but anything you could give us on efficacy would be great.
Samit Hirawat : Maybe I can take that again. This is Samit. Thank you for the question. If you think about it, today, there is no JAK inhibitor approved for treatment of patients with psoriasis. We demonstrated the benefits of a TYK2 inhibitor, which has very specific downstream effects on IL-12, IL-23 and interferon, which, of course, is important. And throughout the last year or maybe even more, we've been answering that question of differentiation and protecting from a safety perspective, the profile of a TYK2 inhibitor versus a JAK inhibitor. So if you just move that fast forward now and think about it that for a patient population for whom we've just shown a superiority versus the prior standard of care that was being used in the oral setting, we've shown two trials with that superiority. We've got the data in the Phase II setting for psoriatic arthritis as well as SLE, and we are in the Phase III clinical trials for all of these indications. So I think the profile of Sotyktu is well set now, I think, and the confidence that we have on the data and the evolution of the data is making it very promising for physicians to prescribe it, as Chris talked about earlier. So we will rely on that information and the evolution of the data for our own molecule. I cannot speak to what Pfizer will do when their data reads out. But certainly, I'm pretty sure you will all be asking the question, is a JAK inhibitor right thing to do in psoriasis when there are efficacious safe therapies available for these patients.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Olivia Brayer with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Olivia Brayer : Chris, maybe one for you. Is there any update on Revlimid sales expectations looking beyond this year? I know you've talked about a $2 billion plus annual decrease in the past. But any changes to your thinking with respect to the revenue run rate there? And then a quick clarifying question on Sotyktu. Where are you guys at with the high-dose program? And could we see that move into any indications beyond UC at some point?
David Elkins : Great. Hi, Olivia, it's David Elkins here. I'll take the Revlimid one. Nothing has really changed in our outlook for Revlimid through 2025. We provide our update for this year, that $6.5 billion, which is a $3.5 billion step-down given better performance this -- last year in 2022. As we think about '24 and '25, on average, about a $2.5 billion step-down is how we're thinking about it. Chris or Samit?
Samit Hirawat : Actually, thank you, David. So Olivia, certainly, so TYK2 has two studies in IBD that are ongoing, one of them using a higher dose in ulcerative colitis. If you recall, we do not have a proof-of-concept in ulcerative colitis or IBD at this time. And the -- one of the hypothesis that we want to test is the higher dose of Sotyktu in IBD or specifically over here in ulcerative colitis. So we are looking forward to seeing the data in the latter part of this year. And dependent on that data dependent on outcome, then we'll be able to formulate the strategies as to how to move forward in IBD and/or other indications at the higher dose. You recall, though, that we've also tested higher doses in previous trials and other indications, and our safety profile has been maintained in those clinical trials. So we are not necessarily looking forward to any major signals that could arise at the higher dose, but certainly looking for the efficacy signals.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew Baum : A couple of questions on your LPA1 antagonist. Can you just remind us when we might see that Phase II data? And also, given the failure of Roche's pentraxin today, how you're thinking about the Phase III trial design? And then finally, what other fibrotic indications aside from IPF you are looking at for that drug?
Samit Hirawat : Thank you, Andrew. So LPA1 certainly, we're looking forward to presentation of the data within this year, within the first half of this year. And certainly, as soon as we have confirmation on the conference, we will be able to share that information. We did see the news from the competitive program, as you're referring to Roche that the Phase III trial was stopped. We do see that our data, the Phase II data that we've seen thus far are very strong. We've talked about the patient population with no background standard of care as well as in combination with the background standard of care therapies, and we are pleased with what we've seen. We are in discussions on the appropriateness of the clinical trial design with the regulatory authorities, and you will get to see that as we launch that and as we make that public. So more to follow on that in appropriate time to come. But really pleased with that. And the last question that you had on the additional fibrosis programs, we're looking at LPA1 from two perspectives right now. One is the IPF program and the other one is the progressive or pulmonary fibrosis. But that Phase II data is going to be reading out later this year. So we're looking at those two things for now.
Timothy Power : Samit, I think we're running short on time. Maybe we can go to our last question please, Dennis.
Operator: Today's final question will come from the line of Colin Bristow with UBS.
Colin Bristow : Maybe just a couple of very quick pipeline questions. I see you have another TYK2 inhibitor in Phase I. Could you just give us any color on the matter and how you'd anticipate it differentiating versus the TYK2? And then just another one on 207, you recently terminated Phase 1 development in non-small cell. This is one of our anti-TIGIT. I think you cited safety issues. I was just wondering if you could specifically say what these issues were?
Samit Hirawat : Sure. Thank you. In terms of your first question around the Phase I that is ongoing with the next TYK2 inhibitor. In general, we always have one or two programs that we look at in terms of having the next generation of molecules in development. And so this is just phases of development of general pipeline that we have additional TYK2 inhibitor. We also have a CNS penetrant TYK2 inhibitor that is in Phase I. So there is nothing special at this time to talk about. But certainly, as the data arises, as the data evolves, we will be able to share those data in the future. For the TIGIT program, remember, this is a trial that was being conducted in patients with non-small cell lung cancer looking at a combination with nivolumab and ipilimumab. And what we have seen thus far, I'm not going into the specifics because those data will be presented at some future conference, but we do see that there is a toxicity that is observed when combined with dual I-O therapy for this particular TGT inhibitor. And so more data to come as we get more insights and more specifics on that and then the presentation will be done. But because of those safety reasons, we have decided to terminate this particular trial at this time.
Giovanni Caforio : Thank you, Samit, and thanks to all of you for your participation. As you've seen, it's an exciting time for the company. We have another important year ahead, lots of things to talk about, but we know it's a very busy morning for all of you, so we're going to end the call here. And as always, please reach out to our team if you have any additional questions. So thanks, everyone, and have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude the Bristol-Myers Squibb's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Dennis, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our third quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you'll note, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can follow along with for Giovanni and David's remarks. But before we get going, I'll read our forward-looking statements. During this call, we make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on bms.com. With that, I'll hand it over to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 4. I'm pleased to share that we delivered another good quarter, and we continue to advance our strategy to position Bristol-Myers Squibb for sustainable growth. In the third quarter, our in-line and new product portfolio grew by 13% adjusting for foreign exchange, and we delivered non-GAAP EPS growth of 3%, while also making substantial progress advancing our promising pipeline. Highlights for the quarter included the approval of Sotyktu, our first-in-class TYK2 inhibitor for psoriasis, and closing of our Turning Point acquisition, which brings another product to our portfolio with repotrectinib expected to launch in the second half of next year. Overall, I am very pleased that we have significantly advanced the renewal of our portfolio. We have now launched 9 new medicines with 3 first-in-class products approved this year alone. Let me take a minute to discuss our new products on Slide 5. Our strategy is to accelerate a diversified portfolio of innovative medicines to market, to renew our business and grow the company during the period of Revlimid exclusivity loss and beyond. Supporting this strategy, we delivered 3 key new products this year: Opdualag, Camzyos and Sotyktu. Each is a first-in-class asset, and these products have the potential to contribute meaningfully to our growth. Opdualag marks the second approved I-O combination that we delivered. Its strong launch continued during the quarter, furthering our leadership in delivering innovative cancer treatments to patients well into the next decade. We're also encouraged with the progress we have made towards building our foundation for Camzyos as a specialty cardiovascular medicine. We are seeing increasing numbers of patients initiating therapy, and their feedback has been very positive. David will provide more details on the launch in a moment. Sotyktu has been approved with a label that reflects its profile, and as an oral of choice medicine for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. We are very encouraged by the early days of this launch and see significant benefit to these patients with this important new option. Combined with our other launch products, these approvals represent a significant milestone in the renewal of our portfolio, allowing multiple avenues for growth in the second half of the decade and beyond. Turning to our scorecard on Slide 6. During the quarter, we made great progress on our pipeline milestones. Abecma is now the first BCMA CAR T to have demonstrated superiority to standard regimens in relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma based on the positive top line results of KarMMa-3. We also presented exciting data for Milvexian, which has exhibited an approximate 30% relative risk reduction in recurrent symptomatic ischemic strokes on top of dual antiplatelet therapy. It has also shown a safety profile that is differentiated to existing anticoagulants. We believe this asset has great potential as a next-generation antithrombotic treatment, and we look forward to initiating Phase III trials soon. Samit can provide you with the scientific details during our Q&A. Turning to Slide 7. You can see several important pipeline catalysts ahead. These include key approvals as well as important registrational data readouts, including the COMMANDS study for Reblozyl. As you will recall, we've said that our early pipeline would generate multiple proof-of-concept data sets over time. Importantly, we are expecting proof-of-concept data for some exciting assets from our early pipeline in the near-term. This data could support transitions of early-stage assets over to full development, thereby strengthening our mid- to late-stage pipeline. Some examples include our BCMA T cell engager for multiple myeloma. We believe this could be a differentiated asset, and we expect to present the data at ASH in December. Our second-generation LPA1 agent for pulmonary fibrosis, the unmet need in this disease is very high and should Phase II data be supportive, this asset could move into Phase III trials next year. Our androgen receptor degrader is generating some early promising data, and we hope to transition the asset to full development next year. This highlights the breadth of our protein homeostasis platform beyond cell modes, including in solid tumors. These examples demonstrate the power of our R&D engine with a new wave of innovative and differentiated medicines emerging, which have the potential to treat patients with high unmet medical needs. We look forward to updating you on our portfolio of mid-stage assets going forward. With this in mind, let me move to Slide 8 to give you a perspective on how we are thinking about our business moving forward. With continued strong performance of our in-line business, and our 9 launches now in full commercial execution, our priorities have not changed: delivering the full commercial value of the 9 launch products, expanding the opportunity for these assets through new indications, and advancing our mid-stage pipeline. Additionally, we will continue to leverage our financial strength and flexibility to prioritize business development opportunities. As we deliver on renewing our portfolio and transforming our company with a younger and more diversified business, I am confident in the future of Bristol-Myers Squibb. We now have critical mass across all 4 of our therapeutic areas. Each has foundational in-line brands, exciting new products and a broadening mid- to late-stage pipeline. This is important because we believe that this more diversified business of younger products, supported by constant innovation and focus in therapeutic areas where we have real expertise, best position us to navigate the changing U.S. environment. Before I turn it over to David, I want to thank our employees for their relentless focus on delivering for the patients we serve. I am confident we will continue to deliver for patients and our shareholders. I will now turn it over to David to walk you through the financials. David?
David Elkins: Thank you, Giovanni, and thanks again for joining our third quarter earnings call. Let's turn to Slide 10 to discuss our top line performance. Unless otherwise stated, I will discuss sales performance growth rates on an underlying basis, which excludes the impacts of foreign exchange. Revenues in the third quarter were approximately $11.2 billion, consistent with prior year. Our diversified in-line and new product portfolio grew strongly, up 13%, offsetting the impact of our recent LOEs. Now let me touch on our performance of our new product portfolio on Slide 11. Global revenues were over $550 million, up 66% versus prior year, driven by continued demand. Growth over prior quarter was also strong, up 16%. We continue to be very pleased with the performance of our new product portfolio and its future potential. With 3 new launch brands this year and over $2 billion of annualized revenue so far, our portfolio has been largely derisked, increasing our confidence in the potential to generate greater than $25 billion of nonrisk-adjusted revenues in 2029. Turning to Slide 12 to discuss our performance of our solid tumor portfolio, Opdivo sales continue to grow globally, up 13%, driven by demand for our newly launched in core indications. In the U.S., sales were strong. We continue to grow double digits, up 17% versus prior year, driven by demand of our newer metastatic and adjuvant indications, partially offset by declining second-line eligibility as well as some use from Opdualag in first-line melanoma. Internationally, revenues grew 8%, primarily due to growth from new indications, particularly first-line lung and GI cancers. Looking forward, we continue to expect growth of Opdivo from our new and expanding indications in both early and late-stage cancers. Now let's move to Opdualag. We cannot be more pleased with the launch of Opdualag. The launch is off to a great start, being the first LAG-3 inhibitor to launch in fixed-dose combination with our PD-1 inhibitor, Opdivo. Sales in the quarter were $84 million, growing 45% sequentially, and sales of Opdualag are already annualizing to approximately $350 million. At this point in the launch, our share in first-line melanoma is in the mid- to high teens. And as expected, we are seeing use of Opdualag coming from PD-1 monotherapy and Opdivo + Yervoy combinations. Moving on to our expanded cardiovascular portfolio on Slide 13. Our leading OAC, Eliquis, had another strong quarter, up 16% year-over-year. In the U.S., sales increased 31% versus prior year, driven primarily by demand and favorable gross-to-net adjustments. As expected, sequential performance was driven by the typical dynamics we experienced each year from higher gross-to-net payments, as patients enter the donut hole. Internationally, Eliquis has become a leading OAC across numerous countries. Given the success of the product, pricing pressures, as expected, impede growth. Pricing measures in addition to at-risk generic entry in the U.K., Netherlands, affected growth in the quarter. Now turning to Camzyos, a first-in-class medicine to treat underlying disease of obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. We are continue to be pleased with the progress we are making to bring this life-changing medicine to patients. To date, we have over 2,000 REMS-certified health care professionals, which is a good indicator for intent to treat. And we've received extremely positive feedback from physicians and patients. We are also making progress at large HCM centers to ensure they are operationalized to make Camzyos available to patients. As of the end of Q3, there are over 1,100 patients enrolled in our hub and growing each week. As expected, new patients are generally initiating treatment as part of their regularly scheduled echocardiograms. Based on the time to transition patients to commercially dispense medicine, we expect acceleration of revenue beginning in Q4 and as we move into 2023. Chris can provide more details on the launch during Q&A, but we are pleased with the progress we have made. Turning to Slide 14 to discuss hematology's performance, starting with Revlimid. Sales in the quarter were approximately $2.4 billion. Sales were primarily impacted by generic entry, particularly in international markets. In the U.S., we saw slower than anticipated entry by second wave generics in September. We expect to see generic erosion progressively increasing in the coming weeks. And at this point, we expect Revlimid sales to be at the upper end of our $9 billion to $9.5 billion range for the year. Pomalyst global revenues grew 8% versus prior year, primarily driven by demand for triple-based regimens in earlier lines, extending the duration of treatment for patients. Moving to Reblozyl, which had another strong quarter. Sales were $190 million in the quarter, up 22% versus prior year. In the U.S., revenue growth was impacted by a onetime change in distribution model in the prior year. Excluding the impact from last year, sales would have been approximately 25% versus prior year. This is being driven by continued progress in increasing patient adherence, and extending treatment duration. Outside of the U.S., Reblozyl continues to grow driven by demand in both MDS and beta thalassemia associated anemia. To date, we are now reimbursed in 9 countries, and we'll continue to secure reimbursement in additional countries in the future. Now turning to our cell therapy assets, Abecma and Breyanzi. Abecma generated strong revenues in the quarter of $107 million. This represents growth of 59% versus prior year or 22% sequentially. In the U.S., sales growth was driven by strong demand, offset primarily by timing of patient infusions, which we expect to materialize in Q4. Outside of the U.S., sales increased due to a onetime step-up of slots in select markets, which is expected to be sustained at this level for the foreseeable future. We are very pleased with the manufacturing progress we've made to ensure Abecma gets to more patients, while we continue to work on further expanding our capacity. As we prepare to move Abecma into earlier lines based upon the positive readout of KarMMa-3. Finally, on Breyanzi, sales in the quarter were $44 million, up 50% versus prior year. Demand remains strong, and we continue to work hard expanding capacity in the next year to benefit more patients with large B-cell lymphoma. As we communicated in the past, we expect Q4 sales to be largely similar to Q3 sales. Now turning to our expanded immunology portfolio on Slide 15. Starting with Zeposia. Global sales in the quarter was $69 million, up 83% versus prior year, largely due to the expansion of Zeposia in ulcerative colitis. Sequentially, in the U.S., the sales were impacted by last quarter's favorable gross-to-net and wholesaler buying patterns of approximately $20 million. We continue to see demand growth of 12% over last quarter. Our strategy remains focused on further expanding volume so we can continue to improve access in 2023, and we made progress on improving the quality of access as well. Internationally, we are continuing to make strides in securing reimbursement in additional markets to get Zeposia to more patients living with MS and ulcerative colitis. Now turning to our most recent launch, Sotyktu, our first-in-class selective TYK2 inhibitor for patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. We're extremely pleased with the U.S. label based upon the strong data. While early in the launch, we are very encouraged by the feedback we are getting from physicians. Our focus is to ensure many patients as possible get Sotyktu, establishing this medicine as the oral of choice allowing us to secure broader formulary position in 2024. Internationally, we are also pleased to have received Japanese approval in September, and we look forward to European approval next year. Let's now discuss our third quarter P&L on Slide 16. The I've already discussed revenues, so I'll now focus on other key non-GAAP items in the quarter. Gross margins decreased primarily due to product mix, partially offset by foreign exchange and related hedging settlements. Excluding acquired in-process R&D, operating expenses were broadly in line with prior year, and affected by the timing of spend. Acquired in-process R&D charges in the quarter were $30 million related to an upfront payment to GentiBio. This was offset by $73 million of licensing income benefiting OI&E in the quarter. The third quarter effective tax rate was 16.9%, driven by earnings mix. And overall, we delivered another quarter of earnings growth with non-GAAP earnings per share growing 3% versus prior year. Moving to the balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 17. Cash flow from operations in the quarter were $3.7 billion. The company's balance sheet remains strong with approximately $9 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand as of September 30, which also accounts for the $3.3 billion we paid for Turning Point Therapeutics. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. Business development continues to be a top priority, and we continue to execute on this strategy with the closing of Turning Point Therapeutics acquisition as a recent example. We remain committed to continued debt reduction. In the quarter, we repaid $2.8 billion of debt, and we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders. We executed a $5 billion ASR earlier this year, and have $9.5 billion remaining in our share via authorization, and we will continue to be opportunistic on share repurchases. Now turning to our 2022 non-GAAP guidance on Slide 18. We are maintaining our full year outlook. We continue to expect revenues to be approximately $46 billion with our in-line and new product portfolio growing in the low double-digit range. Our recent LOE guidance and Revlimid guidance remain unchanged. However, as mentioned earlier, we expect Revlimid sales to be in the upper end of the $9 billion to $9.5 billion range. We continue to expect gross margin to be approximately 79%, and our operating expenses, excluding acquired in-process R&D remain unchanged, primarily driven by favorability in FX as well as cost discipline, partially offset by the inclusion of expenses from the Turning Point acquisition. Putting everything I just mentioned together, we are reaffirming our full year non-GAAP EPS guidance, reflecting the strength of our underlying business and absorbing the approximate $0.06 impact from Turning Point acquisition. Before we move over to Q&A session, I want to express my gratitude to our employees for the performance in the quarter and their continued commitment to our patients. I'll now turn the call back over to Giovanni and Tim for a Q&A session.
Timothy Power: Great. Thanks very much, David. Dennis, can we go to the first question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from the line of Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Christopher Schott: Just two for me. I guess, first on Sotyktu. Given the favorable label, can you just talk about the target patient population you're going to be going after here? So specifically, are you going to be looking mostly at Otezla failures initially? Are you going to focus more, I guess, on first-line patients starting on systemic therapy? I know you've talked a little bit also here about reimbursement dynamics. But is there anything you do to accelerate this process prior to this kind of 2024 time line that you've been kind of alluding to? And then the second quick one was just on Eliquis. I think we've had a few quarters now where we're seeing kind of a positive price adjustment. I just was wondering, if you can elaborate a little bit on the dynamics there? And is this something that's more onetime in nature and will reverse? Or is this kind of just a new base we should think about for the business, so we think what kind of volume growth going forward?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Chris Boerner will start and then David will give you some comments on Eliquis.
Christopher Boerner: So let's start with Sotyktu. Thanks for the question, Chris. First, I think the launch of Sotyktu is off to an very good start. We're extremely happy with what we're hearing back from physicians. We've seen a very nice week-over-week acceleration of this product. The majority of the use right now that we're getting is coming from the community setting. That's really important because, Chris, as you may know, about 80% of the volume in the setting is going to be in the community. And so to see that level of uptake there early on is nice to see. Also, remember that the awareness of this product in the academic community going into the launch was very high. So the fact that we've got good uptake early in the days of this launch coming from the community is a good early start. In terms of the patient population that we're looking at, we're actually going to be focused on the dynamic portion of this population, which includes both initial starts in the first-line setting as well as any of those failures who were coming off of Otezla. We're also seeing some early switching, though that's again very early days. But I would say that the primary focus of this launch continues to be squarely on Otezla. I mean that would be patients who would have gone on to Otezla in the absence of TYK2 as well as for those patients who have either failed that product or physicians decide to switch given the efficacy profile that we're seeing with Sotyktu. In terms of what we're seeing on the access side, our focus continues to be threefold on access: first, removing the market -- new-to-market blocks that face all new products in this space; second, taking advantage of where we have open access today, and remember, we estimate that about 10% of patients have open access at the initial stages of this launch; and then obviously, it's all about building volume during the early phases of the launch and then leveraging that volume. We're going to do everything we can to accelerate getting into a better access position in 2023. But we certainly feel like we're in a very good position and on track to be in a good position in 2024. David?
David Elkins: Yes. On the Eliquis rebates, remember, this is a very large product over $10 billion in revenue. And based upon the product mix, we forecast what the anticipated discounts will be based upon the product mix across all the payers. And each quarter, we adjust that, some quarters are up and some quarters are down. But the last 2 quarters we had some releases, and that's what really explains it. But nothing changes for the full year, really.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim Securities.
Seamus Fernandez: So a couple of quick questions. So the first one is just on the competitive landscape that's evolving in ulcerative colitis. Can you guys just give us a sense of how the launch of Zeposia is tracking in MS versus UC? And what percentage of patients are you seeing specifically at this point as we look at the sort of separation of scripts? And how you're thinking about the competitive landscape evolving with the increasing interest from physicians and IL-23, perhaps even the combination of IL-23s with biosimilars Humira as a potential new breakthrough in the category? Just wondering, what you guys were thinking coming out of the most recent meeting as well. And then just the last second question is on the Camzyos launch. Just trying to get a sense of when you guys anticipate seeing a meaningful inflection in prescriptions or revenue. Is this something where we should anticipate seeing a meaningful uptick in the fourth quarter? Or is it potentially with the new indication in the middle of next year?
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, James. So Chris and Samit will address your question on UC, and then Chris will comment on Camzyos.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the question, Seamus. With respect to Zeposia, I would say Zeposia continues to perform well. We saw a nice double-digit demand growth in the quarter. The majority of that growth is continuing to come from ulcerative colitis. So I would say that the majority of patients, if you look at where the growth of this asset is going to occur through the end of this year, and certainly as we get into next year, the majority of that's going to be coming from UC. The market share that we have for Zeposia in MS continues to remain stable. Above 50% of the share in S1Ps is coming to Zeposia. We feel very good about the position that we're in there. Obviously, as we've talked about previously, the oral market in MS is under some pressure from IV. But in spite of that, we're maintaining a consistent share in the MS population. The big focus that we have continues to be on UC. We believe that's where we have the strongest position as well as the biggest opportunities for growth. And I would say that there, I think that from a competitive standpoint, so far, the position for Zeposia continues to be strong. Obviously, it is a very competitive marketplace. But for example, with the introduction of RINVOQ, the growth of RINVOQ has not largely come at the expense of Zeposia. In fact, we've maintained our position in that market in spite of the introduction of that new asset. Clearly, there are a number of dynamics that are going to continue to play out, but we feel pretty good about our competitive position as the first S1P in this market for UC. The only other thing that I would note is that obviously, as we've said, the big focus we have with Zeposia is to build volume and then convert that volume into a stronger access position. We did get a very important early win on the access side in October with CBS, Inc. now covering Zeposia with 0 step edits. That's important because if you add that with the other plans that -- smaller plans that have covered Zeposia, we now have about 30 million covered lives and we're well on track to be in a good position with the other PBMs as we go into 2023. And maybe I'll let Samit address the other part of that question, and then I'll pick up on Camzyos.
Samit Hirawat: Very briefly, Seamus, the way we think about it is that unmet medical need still remains very high in patients with ulcerative colitis. And certainly, new medicines are needed. As you know, we have our own clinical development plan ongoing with Sotyktu in ulcerative colitis. Two of the trials will read out from a proof-of-concept perspective in 2023 for CD and UC, UC would be in the second half of the year. And we will continue to explore if those trials then lead to future development as well as if combinations are going to be the possibilities of the future with standard of care or novel therapies. So more to come, but we need to first see the data.
Christopher Boerner: And then picking back up on your question on Camzyos, I would just say at the outset, we are very pleased with the launch of Camzyos. We're seeing a really nice acceleration for this product in the second half. A few elements or color around that. First, we've talked about the importance of certified physicians. We now have over 2,000 REMS-certified physicians as of the end of the second quarter. We're seeing a nice healthy increase in that week-over-week. David referenced that as of the end of the third quarter, we had 1,100 patients who had been prescribed Camzyos. That's also seeing nice week-over-week increases. I think we had referenced on the previous quarterly call that a big focus area has been helping some of the larger institutions build the infrastructure to support the use of this product. We've seen very significant improvement on that in recent weeks. And the pace of new starts that we're seeing is consistent with those accounts, in particular getting organized. Nearly all of the patients that we are seeing are going through our Camzyos patient hub, and that's really important because that will facilitate getting patients onto therapy and staying on therapy. And I think it's notable that of the patients who have had multiple dispenses thus far, none of them have dropped out therapy, which is a nice indicator of how well that hub is working. I think the question with respect to how fast we're going to see an acceleration of revenue kind of speaks to this question of access. Access, as anticipated, has not been a barrier with this launch. We now have about 50% of plans covering Camzyos. All of the patients who are covering Camzyos are being to the label, which is a good indicator of a strong position. And you will have seen on the slides that as of the end of the third quarter, about 1/3 of those 1,100 patients had converted to commercial drug. In October alone, we've seen an almost doubling of the number of commercial dispense that we saw in Q3. So we feel very good about the pace of this launch and what we're seeing in the second half, and happy obviously to provide additional color as this launch continues and we get into the fourth quarter call.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew Baum: You addressed Reblozyl in your prepared comments. I'm just curious, same topic on Onureg. Given the attractiveness of the drug as an oral alternative, I'm surprised it's not doing better, perhaps you could outline what are the barriers here and some of the key catalysts ahead? And then second, in relation to milvexian, the 200-milligram dose, the efficacy was inferior to placebo. There was some discussion about whether COVID could have impacted the rate of thromboembolic events during the initiation of that particular dosage. I wonder whether you had trial to characterize that particular dosing arm of the trial?
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Andrew. Chris, why don't you start on Onureg and then Samit will answer the question on Reblozyl.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. The question on Onureg around some of the barriers that we're seeing. I would say that the biggest challenge with Onureg continues to be the proportion of patients who are getting intensive chemotherapy. As you know, those dynamics in the first-line setting here are continuing to evolve. We've seen a decrease in the U.S. mainly of the percentage of patients who go on to get intensive chemotherapy. And remember, the label is for patients who receive intensive chemotherapy and get a complete response. Having said that, focus with Onureg continues to be on ensuring that we maximize the opportunity for maintenance. The maintenance share right now is about 50% to 60%. We think there's opportunity to continue over time to expand that maintenance market. And for those patients who get intensive chemotherapy, get a complete response, go on to maintenance, the choice needs to be Onureg. So that's been the significant focus we have for the U.S. team. And then we continue to see very early stages of launch outside of the U.S. in markets like Germany and France, and the early uptake there has been good.
Samit Hirawat: And Andrew, thank you for the question on milvexian. Yes, certainly, we looked at the hypothesis around COVID, and the 200-milligram dose doesn't seem to be driven through there. But we are continuing to explore why the group stood out. But the point to be taken home, I think, remains that we have an eightfold dose range that is available to us for picking the right dose bond to Phase III trials, and we are in that place where we are now looking forward to initiation of the program in the next few months on the Phase III side with the 3 indications that we've spoken about before in AF, ACS and SSP.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Chris Shibutani with Goldman Sachs.
Chris Shibutani: If I could ask a question about how you see dynamics in the multiple myeloma setting, particularly the interplay between CAR T therapies and with the anticipated arrival of bispecifics as an option. Could you perhaps talk about where you see the dynamics playing out in 2023? Secondly, on Opdualag, there has been a good revenue performance there. Can you remind us, what your strategy is for broadening those label opportunities, and when we might be able to see data to help build confidence in continued growth for that asset?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Chris, for the question. On multiple myeloma, I think the starting point is that no matter how many therapies have been developed and become available, the disease remains uncured at this time. So there is an opportunity to continue to bring more transformative, more effective and safe therapies to these patients. And in that regard, certainly, cell therapies have really brought in some transformation in terms of getting patients into a complete remission. And hopefully, those are very long lasting. Bispecific, as one has been approved today in the U.S. -- or yesterday in the U.S. and certainly in the EU as well, is a new armamentarium. Certainly brings a good efficacy. However, as you saw from the data that have been presented, there are opportunities to continue to improve on the safety profile, high rates of CRS are going to be problematic, as you also saw some of the statements made by thought leaders, and that's where differentiation will need to continue to occur. We will be presenting our own data at ASH this year for a T cell engager, and you'll see that. I think the other way to look at it is the holistic development in multiple myeloma where we are also developing now initiated 3 Phase III trials with CELMoDs. And the future probably will look like a combination approaches of T cell engagers or cell therapies and how CELMoDs can be added to those. So we have a holistic approach of treating multiple myeloma and trying to get more and more patients into very long, durable complete responses and at some point, someday getting to a cure. Do you want to add something, Chris?
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Maybe I'll just add that while bispecifics and CAR T both share, in this case, the target of BCMA, I think it's important to keep in mind they offer very different characteristics for patients, including the availability of the products, the duration of treatment, adverse event profile. And I think ultimately, as we've said repeatedly, the utility of BCMA CAR T and bispecifics is going to be unique to each patient and the setting that we're in. And we anticipate that these various patient factors are going to become increasingly important in determining how patients are treated. And then maybe before I turn it over to Samit about the expansion of Opdualag, let me just say, at the outset, we continue to be very impressed with the strong performance of Opdualag out of the gate. Our focus has been and will continue to be to target that PD-1 monotherapy population. I think as David alluded to; we're seeing use of conversion of both Opdivo + Yervoy patients as well as PD-1 monotherapy to drive that use as of today. But as we think about the growth of this asset going forward, remember, where we sit today, PD-1 monotherapy is still about 20% of first-line metastatic melanoma. And that's the target for our commercial launch, and so we see continued opportunity to grow this asset through the end of this year and well into next year.
Samit Hirawat: And I think in addition to what Chris has just spoken about, there are obviously many other trials that are ongoing. In the Phase III setting, we've got the melanoma study, in the adjuvant setting as well as the CRC trial in the second line plus setting in MSS colorectal cancer. And then looking into the continued enrollment in the Phase III portion -- or Phase II portion of non-small cell lung cancer randomized portion as well as the 2 studies ongoing in HCC and multiple other signal-seeking studies ongoing with our collaboration with investigators. So obviously, as the data emerges, we can take that program forward to multiple other indications.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Timothy Anderson: Going back to mildexian. I'm just trying to understand why we haven't seen Phase III trial start yet. You've had the data for a number of months in something like atrial fibrillation. You didn't run Phase II, so there's no data specifically in that setting to analyze. You're in a race with other companies. So why haven't we seen anything posted yet? It's almost makes you wonder if FDA preventing you from advancing yet. And are there concerns or something like that. And then second question is just a general pipeline one for Samit. It's been a pretty big positive news flow in 2022. I think there's the view that you go into more of a catalyst like period in 2023. So Samit, what are the next 2 or 3 most important clinical catalysts coming up, let's say, over the next 12 months in your view?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. Let me ask Samit to answer your question both on milvexian and the pipeline. I just want to say, with respect to the pipeline, Tim, as I mentioned in my remarks, I think what's really exciting is that actually the mid-stage pipeline is beginning to accelerate and the number of catalysts there are really important. And that's why we highlighted that in my remarks, and we look forward to continuing to update you there.
Samit Hirawat: And Tim, thank you for the question. I'm glad that you are as excited as us in terms of initiation of the Phase III program. Once the trial reads out, we have to get in touch with the health authorities, agree on the dose, agree on the overall trial design and then we can initiate the plans by submitting the protocols to IRBs, to ethics committees, to the institutions they have to go through before we can actually enroll patients. So all of that is being worked through. We have our partner, Janssen and us. We're working very diligently, very closely to get the program started. In the next few months, you'll get to hear the initiation of the Phase III program for milvexian. In terms of the pipeline and what's the new catalyst in the next year or 2? I've talked about it before, and I think our pipeline is fortunately very full and each of the therapeutic areas has multiple opportunities beyond milvexian. For example, in cardiovascular space that we've spoken about, I think we are looking forward to some of the readouts in the immunology space. as we think about cendakimab over the next couple of years for the ongoing eosinophilic esophagitis study as well as, I think Giovanni spoke about in his opening remarks, LPA1 proof-of-concept study. If that reads out and if the data's are similar to, from an efficacy perspective, what we saw a couple of years ago in 2018, the publication, that could open up the doors if the safety profile is well managed. In a similar way, we have repotrectinib that will be registered and hopefully available in the second half of next year for patients with non-small cell lung cancer with RAS mutations. And as the data emerges, there are a few transitions that could occur in 2023 as well from early to late development such as androgen receptor lag independent degrader or alnuctamab. And then, of course, there is the readout for the COMMANDS trial that we are anticipating for Reblozyl as well. So there are multiple other catalysts that are coming through in the pipeline in 2023.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Stephen M Scala with Cowen.
Stephen Scala: Revlimid continues to exceed expectations, presumably creating a tough compare for 2023. So I'm just wondering, at this point, are you comfortable with consensus looking for growth for Bristol overall next year? I know 2023 guidance will be issued next February. But if you could tell us whether you're comfortable or not willing to comment at this point, that would be helpful. And then secondly, on branebrutinib, 3 programs were discontinued only RA remains. Why were the other programs discontinued and RA continues? If it was due to tox, can you specifically tell us whether it was liver tox?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Steve. I wanted to ask David to start on Revlimid and outlook, and then Samit will answer your question.
David Elkins: Thanks, Stephen. On Revlimid, as we said in my remarks, we still anticipate for the full year Revlimid to be in that $9 billion to $9.5 billion, more in the upper half of that range. But as we said all along, we're going to have quarter-to-quarter variability based upon how our generic volumes enter the market and timing from quarter-to-quarter. So broadly, we're still in line with the forecast that we had provided before. As far as 2023 guidance, underlying business, we continue excluding foreign currency. As we see this year, we continue to be able to grow the business, and we'll provide an update on '23 guidance as we normally do on the Q4 call.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, David. And just, Steve, on the branebrutinib side, it is certainly not the toxicity. We've set ourselves high bars for taking molecules into late-stage development, and we did not meet the high bar for those indications. The indication for RA is continuing, and we'll see what the data reads out. And based on that data, then we'll make a decision whether that should continue or not.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Luisa Hector with Berenberg.
Luisa Hector: Maybe just to try again on the outlook for 2023. Is there anything more to say on Revlimid? You've had the guidance of $2 billion to $2.5 billion of erosion each year. Is that what you're expecting for next year? And then I wanted to try and clarify on some of the license income partly connected to your statements on IPR&D, but also when we look at that line within other operating income, royalties, license income does seem to be a step-up in Q3. So I'm just wondering, is that driven perhaps by the diabetes with Astra that's going particularly well on to future? Is there a one-off item within the line in Q3 or something a bit more sustainable that we should think about going forward?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Luisa. So let me just reiterate. Nothing really changes with respect to 2023 in terms of our outlook, and that includes the fact that we continue to see approximately $2.5 billion of decline for Revlimid. But David can give you more insights into the second question you had.
David Elkins: Yes. On OI&E, it's a good question. A couple of good things that are going on there. One is that our royalties on PD-1 and diabetes continue to -- as those businesses grow, the royalties that we receive on those businesses continue to grow. A couple of other things, if you just think about interest rates with our cash balance, interest income is increasing. But as you know, we've been stepping down and paying down our debt, so our interest expense has been declining. And some of our licensing income that we've seen come through has also improved. So you put all 4 of those factors together, and that's how we see the OI&E progressing better over time. Just to recall, there longer term as it relates to that royalty income, those royalty rates will step down on our diabetes franchise in '23 and going and '24 for PD-1. So we'll update you on that guidance when we do guidance on the fourth quarter call.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley.
Terence Flynn: Maybe two for me. I was just wondering, first on Camzyos, just a clarification maybe for Chris. You mentioned that commercial access is improving this quarter relative to last quarter. I think you said something about doubling. So does that mean we should think about sales for 4Q in the $10 million range? And then your T cell engager, the data we're going to see at ASH, maybe you could just remind us. I know you changed the formulation to a subcu there if you're confident you now have a go-forward dose and you're seeing less CRS than maybe you saw with the IV formulation, and if you expect to be competitive with teclistamab, which was just approved from J&J?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Chris, why don't you start on Camzyos and then Samit.
Christopher Boerner: Sounds good. So Terence, thanks for the question. Let me clarify a few things. First, while we're not going to give specific product level guidance for the fourth quarter. What I would say is that we are very happy with the conversion and increasing conversion of patients on Camzyos to commercial drug. Remember, as you think about this launch, you need to think about it in the context of how many physicians are REMS-certified. Our ability to then translate those physicians into getting patients into clinics and getting on therapy, we're seeing a nice increase week-over-week in terms of patients coming in at the top of the funnel, if you will. Because they're going into our hub, they're staying on therapy. And the fact that now we're converting those patients to commercial drug at a faster clip, I think it's a very good sign that this launch continues to accelerate in the fourth quarter. The only other thing to keep in mind is that because most patients will take some time to initiate therapy as well as work through the benefits verification and any appeals process, those patients are going to be on free drug for roughly 7 to 8 weeks. That time will decrease over time as we get PBM coverage decisions formally through the end of this year and into early next year. But that's how you should think about the flow of patients and the sequence of patients. The really good news, though, is that we continue to see physician interest in this product. The feedback has been good. We're seeing week-over-week increases in patients at the top, and we're seeing a nice increase in conversion of patients going on to commercial drug. And we anticipate that continuing.
Samit Hirawat: And Terence, for the T cell engager, certainly we'll not get into the specifics of the data. But as you recall, with the IV formulation, we had very good efficacy that we had seen, but the toxicity profile was not acceptable and that's why we switched the subcutaneous. And the data will be presented. So certainly, after the presentation of the data, we are happy to get into dialogue as to what the data are and how we perceive them as we go forward.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Carter Gould with Barclays.
Carter Gould: Great. And thanks for all the color on Camzyos. I have 2 more on that front, though, for Samit. I guess, first off, we saw the nonobstructive trial design, the Phase III got posted. Just wonder -- but it's pretty sparse on details on how you're thinking about titration in the setting, given the Phase II work that was done here was more drug concentration dependent. Obviously, the REMS is more echo dependent. So just how you're thinking about titration in the nonobstructive setting? And then also on , how do you think about this? Should we be thinking about this as a backup to Camzyos? Or do you see this coexisting maybe in a different set of indications like HFpEF, et cetera?
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Let me start with Camzyos first in the nonoperative hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. We are looking forward to initiation in terms of enrollment of patients in that Phase III study. The data that we had seen already in the Phase II are quite promising, looking at the impact on biomarkers and even in the longer-term follow-up of that trial. I can't give you the specifics on the titration at this time and certainly for future discussions. Once we have initiated the trial, we'll be able to talk more about it. For MYK-224, as you know, that we always want to have multiple shots. And this is a new molecule that we are developing. Certainly, the first trial that you'd probably see is going to be looking also at obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. And the reason for that is because we've got Camzyos data. We have in-house data the way we would want to compare the trial -- compare the drug and see what differentiation features that drug carries. And then as we look to the future from a development perspective, we'll define which indications we want to pursue with MYK-224, which indication we want to replicate with Camzyos. We have not defined and decided yet on how we will develop 224. And certainly, when we have that, we'll get into that dialogue as well.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Matthew Phipps with William Blair.
Matthew Phipps: Just a quick one for me. Samit, there's been a couple of failures this year in EoE, where maybe the Phase II is a histological endpoint, but not the dyspepsia endpoint. Just maybe you can give us any comments on why you think IL-13 would be better suited to IL-13 both of those endpoints in your EoE Phase III?
Samit Hirawat: Sure. We can certainly -- the one that you're probably talking about is the one that we saw yesterday or day before for the EoE. Remember, the mechanism of action over there is the IL-5 inhibition as opposed to cendakimab, where it is the IL-13 inhibition. The differentiating feature also compared to some of the other drugs that are approved or have shown data. This is a direct inhibitor of IL-13 with a downstream effect of inhibition of both R1 and R2 receptors. And we believe that the inhibition of both is important not only for decreasing the inflammation, but also for remodeling and reversing the fibrosis. We have seen this in the Phase II trial that was presented a while back for cendakimab, and that was the basis of taking this into a Phase III trial. And certainly, we'll be looking at this ratio in this trial as well. So in a couple of years when the trial reads out, we are hoping to be able to replicate and improve on the results of the Phase II study.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Colin Bristow with UBS.
Colin Bristow: Maybe just a quick follow-up on Sotyktu. You previously talked about the strategy to build volume against established competitors with sort of free drug or bridging programs. Could you just give us some more specific details on what you are doing there just to help us think about the progression of the sales trajectory? And then just secondly, on the next-generation IMiD portfolio, what should we specifically expect to see at ASH with regards to iberdomide and mezigdomide?
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Colin. Chris, why don't you start on Sotyktu, and then Samit will take the IMiD.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. So as we think about the progression of Sotyktu, I think you start with a couple of things upfront. One is the profile of the drug. We've talked about that at some length that the fact that we have a very clean label here, it gives us the ability to tell a very strong story about 2 Phase III studies that directly show an efficacy improvement against the existing standard of care. So we've got a great efficacy message to tell, good safety profile, the value of this asset is very clear. We saw that coming into this launch, and all of the feedback that we've received from physicians thus far is consistent with that. The next important point is that we've got a very experienced team. They know this space well. So we've been able to penetrate where the vast majority of these patient sits, which is in the community setting. So we feel very good about that. The trick with this space because it is a heavily managed space is going to be that we do a few things really well. Initially, we've got to remove new-to-market blocks. Those blocks are put in place for every new product in this space, and that's a big focus for us right now. We then have to take advantage of where access is open. And as I said earlier in response to the previous question, that's about 10% of patients. And so we're doing everything we can there. But for the majority of patients, the focus is on building volume and then leveraging that volume to negotiate with PBMs to get you into a more favorable formulary position as soon as feasible. Because of the timing of this launch, we certainly missed the window by and large for negotiations this year. The focus will be on negotiating for 24 access. Though in response to Chris' earlier question, we're going to do everything we can to accelerate that. So that's really the focus that we have. We have a robust set of patient services that we can offer to patients to get them onto therapy. We give them both of initial free trial offer as well as a bridge program, and we would anticipate significant use of that bridge program to guide us into when we have a more favorable formulary position.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. And just talking about ASH. In general, one of the things that you will be seeing over there is the presentation of the data for the expansion arm of mezigdomide in combination with dexamethasone in fifth line plus patient population. But in general, from multiple myeloma, we will also be presenting the data for our next CAR T, which is GPRC5D-targeted as well as for KarMMa-2, one of the arms which is looking at proof of concept in the post-transplant treatment setting. That data will also be presented at ASH in addition to alnuctamab, which is the T cell engager.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Evan Seigerman with BMO Cap.
Evan Seigerman: One on Abecma. Can you provide just some color as to when we may see the KarMMa-2 data? I know that the 270 press release late -- a medical meeting, and I see that there's now a green checkmark on your near-term catalysts? And then also more broadly speaking, when you think about the evolution in the BCMA CAR T space, what do you -- how do you position Abecma versus, say, the competitors, especially with say, the Carvykti data on the horizon as well?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Sure. I will start with that, Evan. And from a KarMMa-2 data presentation perspective, certainly, as I said earlier, those data will be there as a proof of concept with a longer follow-up at ASH meeting. And certainly, we've talked about what the initiation of the next trial based on those data would be with -- and that's what I think 270 Bio I talked about, how we intend to initiate a trial in the earlier setting. It is a differentiated way of looking at it. And more details will be available when we actually do launch the trial in terms of trial design and how we have thought about it. In terms of the comparison of Abecma versus the data from Carvykti. Once again, as Chris has spoken about earlier, we do believe that Abecma remains a very differentiated asset from a safety profile perspective as well as the first CAR-T that has data as a randomized Phase III trial showing superiority to current standard of care. So that profile will continue to grow, and that profile will continue to improve hopefully. And that's why we are thinking of initiation of that early line trial in the post-transplant setting.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dane Leone with RJF.
Dane Leone: Congratulations on the results and progress this quarter. Two easy ones for me. Firstly, the launch of Opdualag has been going quite well. And looking into 2023, I think there's still some questions about the cannibalization potentially within the melanoma setting relative to Opdivo as the Street still expecting quite robust growth of Opdivo into next year. Could you just comment around what you're seeing as the launch starts to mature a little bit with Opdualag and whether your expectations are that's going to have limited impact in the utilization of Opdivo in the melanoma setting? And then secondly, an easy one, are you expecting EMBARK results for Camzyos next year? Or is that being pushed to 2024?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Dane. Chris, why don't you start?
Christopher Boerner: Maybe I'll start with Opdualag and turn it over to Samit. So what we're seeing right now, just to set sort of where we are with the Opdualag launches. We are sourcing roughly 50% to 60% of this business from PD-1 monotherapy and about 40% to 50% from Opdivo and Yervoy combination. That's slightly higher Opdivo + Yervoy cannibalization in the third quarter we had anticipated prelaunch. But we expect that to stabilize, and we would continue to expect that going forward, the majority of Opdualag business is going to come from PD-1 monotherapy. Remember, in the market right now, as I said earlier, we've got about 20% market share for PD-1 monotherapy. That's roughly evenly split between Opdivo and KEYTRUDA. So the way I would think about the progression of Opdualag is, first and foremost, you will see some cannibalization of Opdivo and some of Yervoy as well. However, the vast majority of the use of this asset in the long run should continue to come from PD-1 monotherapy. Some of that will be Opdivo, some of that will be from a competitor. And as I think about the growth trajectory, that 20% share is the target for us of PD-1 monotherapy. That's where we think we should be getting the business. And the fact that we still have 20% of this market to go gives us confidence we can continue to grow this overall business going into 2023.
Samit Hirawat: And just on EMBARK results, those are projected to be in 2024.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo.
Mohit Bansal: So one clarification and one question, if I may. On Camzyos, Chris, I think you mentioned that 1/3 of the patients who are prescribed Camzyos are on commercial. But then you mentioned that in October, we have seen doubling of that. Can you please clarify what is doubling here, number of commercial patients or the funnel or prescribed prescription for Camzyos? And then the second part of the question is regarding milvexian. The indications you have mentioned, SSP and ACS, this seems to be a little bit of acute type of indications. So yes, the patient number are high, but duration of treatment may be smaller. I think that is only for a month or so after a stroke. So just trying to understand, how should we think about the opportunity in the acute type of settings?
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Maybe I'll start on the Camzyos question. So let me just clarify the 1/3. Of the 1,100 patients, roughly 1,100 patients that we had as of the end, a 1/3 of those patients had dropped down to commercial drug, beyond commercial drug. And what I was referencing was in the first 3 weeks of October, we've seen an almost doubling of the number of commercial dispenses that took place through all of the third quarter. So that illustrates an important consideration for the trajectory of commercial sales here for this product, which is that we're starting to see an acceleration both in terms of the number of patients coming on to therapy and the pace at which those patients are converting down to commercial drug.
Samit Hirawat: And on the milvexian side, although the words say acute coronary syndrome, but it doesn't mean that the treatment is only done in the acute setting or even for the secondary stroke prevention. Patients actually stay on antiplatelet regimens, for example, for a very long time on a chronic treatment period. And so in a similar way, milvexian is anticipated to be used in a chronic setting rather -- meaning the long duration of treatment rather than only in the acute phase.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Truist Securities.
Robyn Karnauskas: I guess two for me. Number one. On Reblozyl, we're hearing -- I was just wondering about duration of therapy. We've got some anecdotal comments in your [indiscernible] some patients still fill a lot of fatigue, and so they'll stop before the drug is actually working. So could you comment on like what you're seeing for duration of therapy and if you think that will change? And then second, on deucra, I noticed that you have a topical formulation that's being developed. Can you talk a little bit about what your strategy might be there? Obviously, the topicals are becoming a growing market segment, and maybe what different indications you might be pursuing?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Chris, and then Samit.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. So I think you're right that a big focus area for us on Reblozyl continues to be on duration of therapy. The way we anticipate being able to drive that duration of therapy, though, is to continue to focus on dose titration. What we're seeing right now is about 50% of patients are dose titrating. And remember, you need to have 2 dose titrations to get the benefit that you saw in the clinical program in the real-world setting. And so about 50% of patients are dose titrating with the first step. And that compares to about 80%, which is what we saw in the clinical study. And if we can get that dose titration, patients will get the full benefit of Reblozyl, and we anticipate that, that full benefit will translate into a longer duration of therapy. So I think that what you're hearing is consistent with the focus that we have the continued growth of this product, continue to make sure that Reblozyl is the standard of care in the second-line on-label population, expand that population as much as we can by decreasing the time that patients are in ESAs and then ensuring they get the full benefit of Reblozyl by focusing on appropriate dose titration, which we anticipate will increase the duration of therapy.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. And just very briefly on Sotyktu. Look, I think the overall potential for topical therapy is being evaluated and we'll have to inform you in due course because landscape is continuing to evolve with multiple therapies coming for the milder population or mild population. We already have the approval for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, and the mild population indication, we'll need to continue to explore.
Giovanni Caforio: So thanks, everyone. In closing, with 9 new product launches in the last three years, I want to take a moment to reflect on all of the progress we have made. We have significantly derisked our portfolio with strong clinical, commercial and financial execution, and we are well underway to transform our business into a more diversified and resilient company. I look forward to the coming catalysts ahead from our new product portfolio and our mid-stage pipeline. With that, thanks again for taking the time to join our call today. And as always, our IR team will be available for any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. We do appreciate your participation. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2022 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Power: Thanks Sara and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our second quarter 2021 earnings call. I'm joined this morning with prepared remarks by Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and by David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. And also part in today's call are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. You'll note that we posted slides to bms.com that you can use to follow along with for Giovanni and David's remarks. Before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statement. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on bms.com. And I'll hand it over now to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim and good morning everyone. Let's start with our second quarter performance on slide four. We are midway through 2022 and we've made great progress during an important year for the company. We continued to grow our in-line franchises, expand our new product portfolio, advance our pipeline, and execute important business development activities. Our foundation is strong and positions us well for growth. With respect to our commercial performance, we delivered continued sales growth with revenue up 5%, adjusting for foreign exchange and non-GAAP EPS increasing by 18%. The strong revenue growth was driven by excellent commercial execution with solid year-over-year growth for our in-line brands, particularly for Eliquis and our I-O franchise and significant momentum from our new product portfolio. Within our new product portfolio, Opdualag, our third I-O agent is off to a great start, and we are pleased with the team's early execution. Opdualag strengthens our position in I-O and accelerates the sustainability and growth of our I-O franchise. We are also establishing a strong foundation for Camzyos. As the first agent that effectively treats the underlying condition of symptomatic obstructive HCM, we see a lot of potential to drive significant penetration in this large underserved and underdiagnosed population. We also made great progress advancing our broad set of pipeline opportunities through regulatory approvals and clinical trial readouts during the quarter. In hematology, we received US FDA approval for Breyanzi with a best-in-class label in second-line large B-cell lymphoma as well as EMA validation. With this approval, Breyanzi now has the broadest patient eligibility of any CAR T cell therapy in relapsed or refractory LBCL. This reinforces our opportunity for leadership in cell therapy and further strengthens our view of Breyanzi as a key growth driver for the company with over $3 billion in non-risk-adjusted revenue potential in 2029. In cardiovascular, we delivered positive Phase 2 data for Milvexian in secondary stroke prevention. And we're looking forward to this data being presented at the European Society of Cardiology Meeting next month. With this data in hand, we plan to initiate our Phase 3 program by the end of the year, which provides an important opportunity to improve outcomes for patients and extend our world-leading anti-thrombotic business into the next decade. And in oncology, we continue to strengthen the growth outlook for Opdivo, with another indication in GI cancers, where it now has a leading position. During the quarter, our financial results were strong, with growth in our in-line and new product businesses. Our financial strength continues to provide us with significant flexibility to deploy capital in a balanced way, including for business development. And during the quarter, we announced an agreement to acquire Turning Point Therapeutics, a leading precision oncology company. On Slide 5, let's discuss Turning Point's lead asset, repotrectinib, which is a next-generation potential best-in-class TKI, targeting the ROS and NTRK driver mutations of non-small cell lung cancer and advanced solid tumors. Importantly, as you can see on the slide, the key First-Line lung cancer data has been announced for repotrectinib is differentiated from potential competitors on duration of response and safety profile. These acquisition will broaden our portfolio in precision oncology and in solid tumors and it is a strategic feed for the company. We expect the transaction to close in the third quarter of this year and believe it will support our medium to long-term growth strategy with accretion to non-GAAP EPS beginning in 2025. We plan to continue to leverage our financial strength to pursue transformational science through business development. Turning to our execution scorecard on Slide 6. We know the importance of continued delivery of key pipeline milestones, and we have made tremendous progress across therapeutic areas this year. In addition to the key milestones I already mentioned for Breyanzi and Milvexian, we have reached mid- to late-stage pipeline, and we are accelerating the next generation of potential medicines. Over time, we believe iberdomide and CC-480 or mezigdomide have the potential to play an important role in multiple myeloma. In that regard, we made good progress during the quarter, having moved iberdomide into its first registrational trial in the second-line setting of multiple myeloma Looking ahead, I am encouraged by the breadth of opportunities for the rest of this year and beyond. We look forward to the PDUFA date for deucravacitinib in psoriasis in September. We're excited for the opportunity to bring this oral of choice medicine to moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients soon. With multiple indications on the horizon beyond psoriasis, we believe that this asset has greater than $4 billion in non-risk-adjusted revenue potential in 2029. In addition, we also expect to see data to support important expansion opportunities for other key medicines over time. These include key data for Abecma, Opdivo, Opdualag and Reblozyl. We hope that this data will enable these medicines to benefit more patients and further expand their commercial potential. I remain excited about the multiple opportunities we have across our pipeline, and I look forward to continuing to update you on our progress.  As I review our performance during the first half of 2022, I'm very proud of the employees of Bristol-Myers Squibb around the world. Together, we have built the foundation for an even stronger company with a more diversified portfolio of growth products and increased durability across each of our four key therapeutic areas.  Our performance in the quarter continues to demonstrate the resiliency of our business and our continued financial strength. We believe this positions us well to continue to grow our business in an increasingly complex external environment. This includes macroeconomic factors, such as the strengthening US dollar and accelerating inflation as well as legislative headwinds in the US.  Given our growing and rapidly diversifying business and our continued financial flexibility, we remain very well positioned for the future. With that, I'll turn it over to David to walk you through the financials in detail. David?
David Elkins: Thank you, Giovanni, and thanks, again, for all of you joining our second quarter earnings call. Let's turn to Slide 8 to discuss our solid top line performance. Unless otherwise stated, I will discuss our sales performance growth rates on an underlying basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. Second quarter revenues were approximately $11.9 billion, growing 5% year-over-year. This performance was driven by robust growth of our in-line and new product portfolio of 16%, more than offsetting our recent LOEs.  Let's now double-click on our new product portfolio performance on Slide 9. Global revenues were nearly $500 million, more than doubling revenue versus prior year. Growth over prior quarter was also very strong, up 38%, primarily due to strong launches of Abecma and Opdualag, which I will touch on in a moment. I'm very pleased with the performance of our new product portfolio and its future potential with two additional launches year-to-date and Deucravacitinib anticipated approval in six weeks.  Our new product portfolio has significant expansion opportunities and the potential to generate greater than $25 billion in revenue on a non-risk-adjusted basis in 2029. I look forward to updating you on these products as they continue to realize their full potential. The performance of our solid tumor portfolio, shown on Slide 10 was strong.  Opdivo sales in the quarter continued to grow globally, driven by demand for our newly launched and core indications. In the US, we delivered 12% growth for Opdivo versus prior year, driven by demand in first-line lung, renal and gastric cancer, as well as adjuvant esophageal and bladder cancers, partially offset by some â by Opdualag in first-line melanoma.  Internationally, revenues were also strong, growing 13% primarily due to growth from new indications, particularly first-line lung and renal cancers. As we continue to secure reimbursement in many countries. Looking forward, we expect continued growth from Opdivo from our new and expanding indications in both early and late-stage cancers. Yervoy sales grew 7% globally and in the US, revenues were consistent with prior year as we experienced some variability in RCC and melanoma, as well as higher inventory burn and gross to net adjustments this year. Importantly, sequential revenues grew 5%, primarily driven by demand in first-line lung cancer, and we continue to expect growth for the brand.  Now to our strong launch of Opdualag, the first fixed-dose combination of a LAG-3 and PD-1 inhibitor, while still early in the launch, we have already generated $58 million of sales in the quarter, driven primarily by robust demand and $10 million of stocking. The robust demand for Opdualag like has mainly been in line with our strategy, taking share from PD-1 monotherapy and as expected, some huge in place of Opdivo, Yervoy combination.  Internationally, we are pleased with the recent CHMP positive opinion in Europe and look forward to realizing Opdualag's potential to be a new standard-of-care in patients with metastatic melanoma around the world. Turning to our growing cardiovascular portfolio on slide 11, starting with Eliquis, our leading OAC globally with strong revenue growth of 20% year-over-year. In the US, sales increased 27% versus prior year, driven primarily by demand growth and favorable gross to net adjustments. As a reminder, looking to the third and fourth quarters, we expect the usual dynamics for Medicare coverage gap with second half revenues being lower than first half as we've seen in previous years. Internationally, sales grew 9% versus a year ago. This growth was primarily driven by increased share across key markets as the brand continues to be the number one OAC in multiple countries. This was partially offset by pricing actions in many markets as demand grows and to a smaller extent, at-risk generic launch in the UK and the Netherlands. For the second half of the year, we expect the impact of at-risk generic launch to be approximately $250 million. Now turning to our most recent launch, Camzyos. As you know, the vast majority of patients initiating treatment on Camzyos are starting on a free trial offer for at least 30 days and then the $3 million recorded in revenue in the quarter was mainly due to stocking. During the second quarter, we have successfully laid the foundation, leveraging our strong CV leadership in REMS to certify over 1,000 healthcare professionals. We are now focused on broadening our user base and supporting the initiation of patients on Camzyos. We are pleased with the physician feedback thus far and look forward to helping more patients living with symptomatic oHCM. Moving on to a few of our hematology products on slide 12, starting with Revlimid. Sales in the quarter were approximately $2.5 billion. Sales were primarily impacted by generic entry, particularly in international markets. In the US, while we did experience demand softness from the volume generic entry in the quarter, we understand that specialty pharmacies are mainly utilizing the current generic for new patients to ensure continuity of treatment. As mentioned in the past, we know there will be variability quarter-to-quarter based on how generics will deploy their volume. As additional entrants will be coming to the market in the US in the third quarter, we expect Q3 revenues to be approximately $2.1 billion. We maintained our full year global sales guidance of $9 billion to $9.5 billion. Pomalyst global revenues grew 9% versus prior year, primarily driven by demand for triple-base regimens in earlier lines and extending duration of treatment. Now, moving to Reblozyl, which generated $172 million in the quarter, up a strong 36% versus prior year. In the US, we are seeing encouraging trends in patient adherence and extended treatment duration. Outside of the US, Reblozyl continues to grow driven by demand in both MDS and beta thalassemia-associated anemia, and as we attain reimbursement in additional countries. Finally, turning to our cell therapy assets, Abecma and Breyanzi. Abecma generated strong revenues in the quarter, equaling $89 million. This represents a 36% sequential increase over last quarter driven by expanded capacity and vector supply. Though were encouraged to treat more multiple myeloma patients, demand continues to outpace supply, and we are focused on further expanding capacity, including additional manufacturing sites in the future. As it relates to Breyanzi, sales in the quarter were $39 million. Demand remained strong for the brand, although sales were impacted by lower-than-expected manufacturing success rates, which now have been addressed. Importantly, as Giovanni mentioned, we are very pleased to have received a differentiated broad second-line label in large B-cell lymphoma patients. We are working hard and investing to expand capacity early next year to enable update for this indication. As we work through building additional capacity to treat more patients in earlier lines, we expect revenues in the third and fourth quarters to be largely similar to the first quarter of this year. Moving on to our immunology product summary on Slide 13. Orencia. global sales grew 11% versus prior year due to expanded US sales, driven by increased market share as well as demand in international markets. Turning to Zeposia, global sales for the quarter were $66 million, more than doubling sales versus last year, primarily due to expansion of Zeposia into ulcerative colitis. Sequentially, in the US, sales were primarily driven by a combination of favorable gross to nets and wholesale buying patterns of approximately $20 million. Importantly, we are encouraged by the 24% demand growth over the previous quarter and we remain focused on working to for expand volume, so we can continue to improve access in 2023. Internationally, Zeposia continues to secure reimbursement in other markets for MS and UC. Closing out on immunology. We very much look forward to broadening our portfolio with another first-in-class asset, our selective TYK2 inhibitor to Deucravacitinib. Our commercial and medical teams are in place and we're ready for launch. Now let's turn to Slide 14 to discuss the second quarter P&L. I've already discussed our revenues, so I'll now focus on the other key line item -- non-GAAP line items. Gross margins decreased primarily due to product mix, partially offset by foreign exchange and related hedging settlements. Our operating expenses, excluding acquired in-process R&D were broadly in line with prior year, driven by higher investments around our new product portfolio and pipeline offset primarily by foreign exchange. Acquired in-process R&D charges in the quarter were $400 million, primarily driven by the buyout of a royalty obligation for Camzyos of $295 million as well as a $90 million upfront for BridgeBio. This accounted for a 17% impact to diluted EPS. Acquired in-process R&D charges in the prior year were approximately $793 million, which accounted for a $0.30 impact to diluted EPS. The second quarter tax rate was impacted by earnings mix. And lastly, we delivered strong non-GAAP EPS growth in the quarter, up 18% year-over-year. This includes the $0.14 impact of acquired in-process R&D. Excluding acquired in-process R&D, non-GAAP EPS would have grown 7%. Now moving to the balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 15. The company's balance sheet remains strong with $13.2 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand as of June 30. Cash flow from operations in the first half of the year was $6.1 billion. In the quarter, it was approximately $2.3 billion, which is impacted by a cash tax payment, and we expect cash flow from operations to rebound in Q3 and Q4. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. Business development continues to be a top priority, and we continue to execute on this priority with the announcement of the planned acquisition of Turning Point Therapeutics. We remain committed to continued debt reduction. In the quarter, we repaid $2.9 billion of debt and we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders. We executed a $5 billion ASR earlier this year and remain opportunistic about repurchases in the future. Now turning to our 2022 non-GAAP guidance on Slide 16. We are updating our revenue guidance to be approximately $46 billion this year, reflecting the significant appreciation of the US dollar to other global currencies. Excluding the effects of currency, the underlying sales growth for the business expected to be 2% versus 2021. We estimate the FX impact to full year sales at today's spot rate to be about $1.5 billion. We continue to expect our In-Line and new product portfolio to grow in the low double-digit range and reaffirm our LOE guidance, including Revlimid's guidance of $9 billion to $9.5 billion for the year. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 79%, up 100 basis points from previous guidance due to favorable impact of currency and related hedging settlements. Our operating expense guidance, excluding acquired in process R&D remained unchanged, declining in the low single-digits versus prior year. This is primarily driven by favorability in FX as well as cost discipline. In terms of phasing for the second half of the year, we expect a more even phasing of expenses than in prior years. All said, we are reaffirming our non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance based on the underlying strength of our portfolio, mitigating currency translation from our natural hedges and hedging program. Before we move to Q&A, I just wanted to express my gratitude to all our colleagues around the world for continuing to deliver strong commercial, clinical and financial results. The resiliency of our company and exciting catalysts ahead make me energized by the growth opportunity ahead of us. I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, David. Sarah, could we go to our first question, please?
Operator: Thank you  And we'll take our first caller from Chris Shibutani with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Dan  on for Chris. Thanks for taking our question. Two from us. First on the Milvexian readout, if you could maybe frame some areas of focus into the ESC data and provide any additional color into how you're thinking about the Phase 3 program as the data is in-house. And then second, on Camzyos, if there's any additional feedback you can provide on some of the early launch dynamics and your expectations into the second half of the year and early next year. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Dan. Samit will answer your question on Milvexian, and Chris provide some incremental color on Camzyos. Thanks.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Giovanni, and thank you, Dan, for the question Milvexian, certainly looking forward to having the data presented at ESC and discussing the results. And of course, as you know, we'll go into the details with the other specifics of the data itself. But I think there are two questions that probably are important to answer, than we look at the data. And that would be one related to the efficacy, specifically when it comes to impact on clinically proven ischemic strokes. And the second, of course, is to look at bleeding rates, and more specifically over there, one that physicians and patients would be interested to know about would be probably related to intracranial bleeds, where patients with strokes have a propensity to have the â as well as if there are any further bleeds. And so those are the kinds of questions that we set out to answer. And I think those are the questions that people will be very interested to know. For Camzyos, let me pass it on to Chris to take you through.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Samit, and thanks, Dan, for the question. We are very pleased with the early launch of Camzyos, while it's still very early days. We're off to a very good start. And what I would say is that, by and large, the performance that we're seeing is aligned to our expectations. And I would highlight maybe two or three things. First, awareness is very good. We've seen incredibly strong enthusiasm for the product from both physicians and patients. Importantly, the feedback that we're getting on the clinical program has been overwhelmingly positive and consistent. I'm going to give you some vignette on that. Patients are seeing significant benefit, both in terms of feel and function. And that benefit is being seen very early, in fact, as early as four weeks post initiating treatment. And that's really important because it's driven a lot of enthusiasm, both from patients and its given physicians, a reason to believe that the product is living up to the promise that we have. In terms of physician experience, the feedback has been very positive. The REMS education that we've initiated is intuitive, getting on and certified for REMS has been straightforward. And as David mentioned, that's translated to over 1,400 HCPs being REM certified. And one thing I would highlight is that this is probably the most important leading indicator for this product launch, given the fact that you don't have a history of REMS in the cardiovascular space, physicians are going to be REMS certified if they have intent to use. The last thing I would highlight is we're seeing a healthy increase in the number of centers prescribing week-over-week. We don't see any access issues on the horizon that would prevent these patients who are getting on to therapy converting to drug. And so if I sum it up, performance is in line with expectations. We're happy with what we're seeing, and we very much look forward to the continued uptake of this product over the course of the year.
Tim Power: Okay. Thanks, Chris. Sarah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And next, we'll take Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew Baum: Thank you. First question on Milvexian. Is there any possibility you could expedite what's going to be a very large and long duration clinical trial program through the adoption of MRI-defined strokes within a composite end point either to expedite the trial or to decrease then acquired for the trials? Second, could you comment on whether you are exploring your CD19, CD3 at your CD19 CAR T, excuse me, Breyanzi, for autoimmune indications given some of the recent data in lupus. And then finally, one of your competitors announced some intriguing data with the related to  in MSS colorectal cancer. I know that Bristol has one in, I think, two, if you could provide us any update on that, that would be useful. Many thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Andrew. I'll ask Samit to answer your three questions.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you, Giovanni, and thank you, Andrew. Very thoughtful questions, as always. For Milvexian, look, we're not obviously going to get into the Phase 3 indications right now. But from a Phase 2 perspective, you will certainly get to see the data. And what is important is from a physician's perspective, what matters really is the clinical strokes and those certainly will be the questions to discuss when the data are presented. On the CD19 side, certainly very intriguing data in the autoimmune disease, especially in the lupus, SLE patients who are severely impacted by the disease. Those are the things that we continue to discuss from a scientific perspective, how to explore, where to explore and certainly not hitting from us. And as we evolve in our thinking, we'll share with everyone where we are going with that, the German data were very intriguing, I have to say, and as we presented earlier this year. For CTLA-4, we've seen the data on CRC from a competitor. From our perspective, we have three CTLA-4 antibodies in development, the Non-Fucosylated Probody as well as the Non-Fucosylated Probody. So there are three that are in development. The way we think about it is, number one, we have an ongoing study in MSS TRC for that you know that we just initiated the Opdualag comparing to the standard of care. And for future developments for CTLA-4 antibodies, we have to think about combination strategies because we know that many times even in the past, when single agents have been used, the response rates ultimately in registration trials have really been single-digit or low single-digits in fact. So we will obviously be able to share the data once we have these combination studies completed. They are currently ongoing. Too early to talk about the data at this time. We're certainly aware of the CRC data.
Andrew Baum: Thank you, Samit.
Tim Power: Sarah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for the questions. I had a commercial one and a pipeline one. Chris, on Reblozyl, can you talk about the US trends, what does duration of therapy look like today versus, say, a year ago? And does demand support upside your peak forecast? And then Samit or Giovanni, I know Turning Point hasn't closed yet, but how much of a focus is I-O plus targeted therapy for Bristol looking forward? I know you ROS1 combos are probably more likely than not to come -- to play out in the pipeline. But beyond that, do you guys see this as sort of a new type of modality to sort of bolt-on to an I-O strategy? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Geoff. Chris, why don't you start on Reblozyl and then Samit will comment on oncology strategy.
Chris Boerner: Yes. Thanks for the question, Geoff. We're very pleased with the continued uptick that we're seeing with Reblozyl. We had good growth in the quarter versus prior year as well as sequentially. I would highlight a few things. First, we're continuing to see good acquisition of new patients for this product. One of the things that we look very carefully at is what are physicians' perceptions of the product and importantly, how quickly they're moving patients off of ESAs to get on Reblozyl therapy. That time on ESAs when patients are not getting an adequate response continues to shorten, which is a leading indicator of the number of patients that will be within the indication that we have. And importantly, we're seeing nice trends in both dosing and administration. The average MDS dose by cycle has grown steadily during the course of this launch and has increased this year. That's resulted in improved efficacy and longer duration of therapy which, to your question, has been up 6% this year relative to where we were in 2021. And while your question was mainly focused, I think, on the US, I would highlight that ex-U.S., the launch is early, but we're seeing very good uptake in the early launch markets, notably markets like Germany, and then we'll have additional access and reimbursement decisions ex-U.S. So overall, we feel very good about where we are, and we look forward to continued uptick of this product as we go through the remainder of the year.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Chris and Geoff, maybe I can take on the Turning Point question. So first of all, excited about the acquisition of Turning Point Therapeutics and looking forward to bringing repotrectinib to patients in the second half of next year. Your question around the combinations. Those are all going to be always data-dependent and so explorations will continue. Although at this time, certainly, there is a lot of knowledge and lots of emergence of data TKI combinations or tyrosine kinase inhibitors, which are not necessarily mutation-specific tyrosine kinase, which have generated a lot of interest and a lot of data and have been approved in multiple indications when combined with I-O therapies, but it does provide additional opportunities in the future to look at these sorts of combinations and more specific pre-specified populations and selected patient populations, but those will be data that will need to be generated at the current time, too early to tell.
Geoff Meacham: Thank you, Samit.
Tim Power: Great. Sarah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Chris Schott: Hi, great. Thanks so much for the questions. I guess the first one for me was on Breyanzi in terms of what's the latest on maybe the timing and maybe as importantly, the magnitude of your capacity expansion. It sounds like this might have been getting pushed out into 2023 versus I think previously, you were talking about maybe a 4Q target. I just wanted to elaborate a bit more on what's happening there? And the second question was on Camzyos. I know there's a bit of a lag between when docs get certified for the REMS and when Bristol actually starts to generate sales for the drug. But as we just kind of think about the sales ramp from here, should we be thinking about this as a fairly gradual process, or is this a product that could see a steeper ramp starting sometime later this year, given the third some identified kind of patients out there? I'm just trying to see in terms of expectation setting of how to think about the ramp given some of the, I guess, the promising initial data in terms of the number of physicians getting certified, et cetera. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Chris .
Chris Boerner: Thanks for the question, Chris. On Breyanzi, what I would say just at the outset around cell therapy in general, is that the demand in the quarter for both of these products, Abecma and Breyanzi, was strong. We continue to be very pleased with the feedback on the profiles of these products and importantly, how those profiles position us competitively. With respect to Breyanzi, as David mentioned earlier, we had underlying demand that was very strong. We're obviously very pleased with the second-line approval and the fact that it's given us the broadest label of any CAR T in DLBCL. But as David also mentioned, sales were impacted in the quarter by manufacturing success rates. Those success rates, the issue underlying that was resolved, and we expect success rates to improve as we head into this quarter. More generally around manufacturing with Breyanzi, given the broader label, we had obviously hoped to have increased capacity in the second half of this year. We're now anticipating that in Q1 of 2023, delivering that capacity is a top priority. The focus here is on increasing both vector and drug product supply. I will note that we've seen a nice increase in the capacity for Abecma, driven by successful drug product expansion and increasing in vector supply, and we anticipate that, that same focus will be now applied to Breyanzi and have every expectation that we'll be able to deliver on that. That capacity is going to be important. Because given the broad label with this product and the compelling profile, slot availability is going to be critical. So the good news is we have a very strong manufacturing team focused on increasing the supply, and we look forward to delivering that supply in the first part of the year. As for Camzyos and the pace of launch, I would view this as a steady increase in the number of patients. There are going to be four things that are really going to determine the pace of this launch. Physician and patient demand, the volume of REM-certified physicians, how quickly those patients come to get on Camzyos therapy and then obviously, the conversion of those patients to commercial drug. And I would say really across all of those dimensions, we're happy with what we're seeing as I referenced earlier, it's in line with where we expected to be this early in the launch. As I mentioned earlier, the demand for the product is very strong. We're getting great feedback from both patients and physicians. I spoke to the volume of users and the fact that we're seeing a nice increase in the number of REMS-certified physicians every week. We had told you previously, I think, in fact, last quarter, that we expected patients to initiate therapy during their routine visits. And that's largely playing out. Though I would say, we've seen a number of accounts, including some of our smaller and medium-sized accounts quickly getting multiple patients on to drug. We're also seeing some of our larger accounts organizing Camzyos clinic days so that they can efficiently bring larger volumes of patients, initiate them and monitor them. So again, that's where we thought it would be. And then finally, as I referenced earlier, access is going to be an important consideration here. Virtually, all oral specialty products like Camzyos go through this period of two to six months of getting on to formulary. During that period, the majority of patients are going to go on to free product. That's what we're seeing here. But again, the good news is we're not seeing any access issues. So we don't foresee any challenges converting those patients to commercial drug. So when you add it up, we expect the volume is going to increase over the course of the year. And then you'll see those patients convert to commercial sales as formulary status is achieved. But bottom line, we're very happy with what we're seeing thus far very much in line with expectations.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Sarah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next call from Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve Scala: Well, thank you very much. A couple for Samit. First, in your deucravacitinib FDA discussions to date, has there been any mention of a box warning whatsoever, or has that not come up in any conversation? And also given the time frame involved, can we assume there won't be an ADCOM? And then the second question is based on available data, does Bristol think other cardiac myosin inhibitors will have black box warning, or do you think they could avoid that? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Steve. Before I ask Samit to answer both of your say, as you know, we don't comment on ongoing discussion with regulatory authorities, but Samit will provide his perspective on both. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you. Steve, as Giovanni has mentioned, no specifics to be provided here. What I can repeat, I think, from the past conversations we've had is our confidence in the data itself and we think about from an efficacy perspective, differentiation and superiority that has been proven through the Phase 3 trial versus Otezla from a safety perspective, showing differentiation when we think about the JAK inhibitors versus deucravacitinib, first in inhibitor. And this is that profile that has continued to evolve through multiple other trials that has given us the confidence to initiate the programs, as you know, in psoriatic arthritis, two Phase 3 trials ongoing, and also now looking forward to initiation of the SLE Phase 3 trials at the end of the year, beginning of next year. So overall, we're looking forward to September 10 PDUFA date and bringing this new medicine to patients. In a similar way, I would say, in the cardiac myosin inhibitors, it is difficult and not appropriate probably for us to comment on other people's drug as to what a profile is going to look like and if they will have any warning and precautions in the label or not. What we can say though is again I believe in Camzyos as already alluded to buy by Chris well and David his remarks are our believe in the data and our physicians are acting in terms of getting trained and prescribing it to the patients. So overall, looking forward to the initiation of our non-obstructive Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Phase 3 program towards the end of the year. Thank you.
Tim Power: Sarah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. We'll go on to Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim.
Seamus Fernandez: Thanks for the question. So just a couple of quick questions. First off, this is really for Giovanni. Should Congress pass the Medicare pricing reform. Can you just help us understand what impacts you think this is likely to have, whether it be on innovation but also on your own long-term guidance from that perspective. And are you hopeful that there might be -- should this go through potential changes that could temper the impact perhaps a push out of this small molecule of nine years of protection and perhaps maybe push that out to 12 or 13 years. Just wondering if there's -- there are any opportunities to think a little bit more constructively about this. And then separately, hoping to just get a little bit of color on the launch dynamics around deucravacitinib. You guys are commenting on your enthusiasm to kind of get this product to market and to patients. Just wanted to get a better sense of should the label actually have a JAK boxed warning, which we don't necessarily anticipate, but should that occur, what are you hearing from physicians with regard to the opportunity to kind of work around that? Maybe just as a clarifying question. We've gotten a lot of questions from investors on the possibility that if there were a JAK warning, could it actually be post biologic, doesn't make a lot of sense to us. Just wondering where you guys stand on that proposal. Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Seamus. Let me start on pricing reform and then Chris will comment on deucravacitinib. So first of all, as you know, discussions are ongoing in Congress, and it's difficult to speculate exactly on the bill and some of the details. They will be included in the bill. There will also be obviously a long period during which implementation of some of the measures will be clarified and some of the dynamics would be really important to understand. So with respect to your question on would there be an impact to innovation. So first of all, we've consistently said that the elements of reform that improve affordability for patients, we are supportive of. And so as an example, the redesign of the Part D benefit and establishing another pocket for patients. That's very beneficial, and we are definitely very supportive of that. There are elements in the bill, however, which are obviously very detrimental to innovation and particularly price setting by the government at nine and 13 years, obviously have the potential to have a negative impact on innovation overall. I would say that with respect to the impact for our company, there's two things I can say at this point. First of all, it's really not helpful to look at our exposure to the channel today. I think it's important to really understand the dynamics that will develop over the next few years before these policies are implemented. And a couple of things I'd like to say. First of all, obviously, as you know, Revlimid revenues in the US are declining rapidly. Eliquis, we share that 50% with Pfizer. And then importantly, as you think about Opdivo, that loses exclusivity at the end of the decade. So what I can say is that our rapidly diversifying portfolio and a significant number of new medicines that we're launching today and would be launching before some key elements of this policy are implemented, position us well to navigate the challenges associated with reform for the entire industry. But obviously, there is much more than we need to learn, first of all, through a potential finalization of the bill; and second, really understanding better some of the elements of its implementation.
Chris Boerner: So maybe I'll pick up, Seamus, on the question regarding deucravacitinib and the launch. So where, as you know, very excited about the opportunity to launch this product. As was referenced previously, the commercial and medical teams are in place. They're ready to go. They're very experienced. What I've said previously, I think, is where we'll start this conversation, which is that we explore every meaningful scenario as we think about the launch of any new product, but we continue to index heavily on the scenario, where we think that the preclinical and clinical data support and that is that this is a unique mechanism of action that is clearly differentiated from other products in the class. And actually, when we talk to customers, we get an almost uniform alignment that, that's the right way to think about deucravacitinib, that the mechanism based on all of the data that we've seen is unique and it is differentiated, it's differentiated not only from JAKs, but it's differentiated, most importantly, from the current standard of care for oral agents treating moderate-to-severe patients. And so as we step back and think about this product, we anticipate very strong demand for deucravacitinib based on the clinical profile from 2 Phase 3 studies that show clear superiority relative to the existing standard of care. We have a unique mechanism of action that's clearly differentiated and we think positions us well to become the oral branded of choice for these moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients. And as was implied in the premise of your question, we're very excited to launch this product, and we look forward to the PDUFA date in September.
Tim Power: Thank you, Chris. Sarah, could we go to our next question, please?
Operator: We will take Luisa Hector with Berenberg.
Luisa Hector: Hello. Thank you for taking my question. You showed your slide on business development, highlighting the importance there. I just wanted to check, has there been any shift in the activity, the trends in companies coming to you versus you approaching other companies? Just any more recent trends given the longer duration now of depressed valuations, just whether you're seeing any shift in those dialogues that you're having with Target. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Luisa. I would say nothing has changed there, continues to be an area of great focus for us. We're looking at bringing new science into the company. You are right, the valuations are resetting now for a longer period of time, and we plan on continuing to be very active in this field. It's always been a priority for us.
Tim Power: Thanks, Giovanni. Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We move on to Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Tim Anderson: Hi. I have a question on Milvexian, which is historically, when companies have added together anti-platelet therapies or anticoagulant therapies to try to achieve better results, it pretty much always results in higher bleeding and that calculation is whether that higher bleeding is more than offset by higher efficacy. So in SSP setting, just theoretically ignoring any data you already have at hand, shouldn't we expect that same sort of thing where we would likely see at least some additional bleeding and then we'd have to wait against efficacy, or is it in the realm of possibilities that you really don't see any additional bleeding in that triple therapy arm? And then TYK2, you guys expressed high confidence in the molecule. I'm wondering why you haven't advanced yet to mild-to-moderate patients, if you're fairly confident in the label why not push ahead in Phase 3 and start to expand the market like Otezla has already done.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. Let me just ask Samit to answer your question, both on Milvexian and also plans for deucravacitinib.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you. And certainly looking forward to, again, the presentation of the Milvexian data. I obviously cannot get into specifics of the data itself. But let me just reiterate that to two questions that would be important from everybody's perspective is on the efficacy, looking at the clinical strokes; and secondly, from a bleed perspective, it becomes very important, what kind of bleed and especially, when we think about the fatal bleeds,  meaningful bleed that become important. If you look at the past, what you will see is those kinds of things that made people a little bit worried. So again, we can discuss more when we have the data presented at ESC around Milvexian. On TYK2, certainly, we are very pleased with the profile for the oral TYK2 inhibitor that has obviously evolved and continues to evolve in multiple other indications as well. As we look to the mild-to-moderate psoriasis, as we've said before, we are looking to bring in the topical formulation, the Phase 2 trials that are about to begin from the Phase 2 or from the TYK2 perspective, and that's our foray into the mild-to-moderate psoriasis. As you know, the pivotal trial was conducted in a moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis patients. And then, of course, multiple Phase 3 trials in various indications. First of all, in psoriatic arthritis that are ongoing and then lead starting later this year and Phase 2 trials are ongoing UC as well as in  disease. Thank you.
Tim Power: Thanks, Samit. Can we go to the next one, please Sarah?
Operator: Thank you. We'll move on to Evan Seigerman with BMO.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. I want to talk on the kind of dynamics between Opdivo and Opdualag. Can you provide more color as to the split between patients who are switched from Opdivo to Opdualag? And then one on Turning Point. I know kind of the when you announced the deal, it was still kind of TBD on the pre-NDA discussions with FDA, any update on the â on that may be will give us more confidence that you're able to launch in the second half of next year. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Evan. Let me just answer quickly your question on Turning Point, before Chris addresses your Opdualag question. So as you know, we continue to operate as two separate companies, at the same time as we've mentioned before, first of all, we remain confident in the ability to close in the third quarter of this year. And we're still looking at the launch of repo in the second half of next year. So all good there. Chris?
Chris Boerner: Sure. So we're very pleased with where we are with the Opdualag approval and the early uptake, the execution of the team has been very strong and physician reaction has been quite positive. In terms of the dynamics within the market, shares in first-line metastatic melanoma are in the low doubl-digits for Opdualag. We have seen some early use in second-line plus patients that's mainly driven by the fact that, remember, the flow of newly diagnosed metastatic melanoma can be somewhat staggered just given the volume of patients you have in this market. And so what we're seeing is not only are physicians using the product in first-line, but they're also looking to use it in second-line as patients either progress or they're willing to switch patients. In terms of who those patients are, that dynamic is playing out largely as expected. We're mostly displacing PD-1 monotherapy, that's to be expected, just given the strength of the clinical data with a more than 2x improvement in PFS and a strong trend towards overall survival relative to PD-1 monotherapy. We are seeing some modest conversion of Opdivo, Yervoy to Opdualag. But at this point, that's very much within the -- what we had expected. So overall, I would say Opdualag first, the performance continues to be very good. It's early days, but certainly, we have strong momentum. And the interplay between dual I-O, single-agent I-O and Opdualag is largely as expected.
Tim Power: Can we go to the next question, please Sarah?
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley.
Terence Flynn: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe Samit, as we think ahead to Milvexian and the various Phase 3 opportunities, would just welcome your perspective on why Xarelto COMPASS data didn't really change the treatment paradigm in patients with CAD/PAD. Again, I know you're not going to comment in terms of where you're going right now in terms of Phase 3 opportunities, but just trying to think about risk, benefit in some of these other populations where Eliquis hasn't really found much usage. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Terence. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Look, again, Milvexian is a Factor XI inhibitor and the first of its kind, certainly, there are others that are in development as well. So looking forward to the presentation of the data and then discussing the Phase 3 plans, which will be towards the end of this year, the initiation, as Giovanni mentioned in his comments early on. I obviously cannot comment on why Xarelto, but certainly, Eliquis with this indication, you've heard Chris and David mentioned early on as to what has been accomplished with Eliquis and continues to accomplish, very effective treatment, we are trying to solve the Factor XIa inhibitors, some of the shortcomings that have been left behind core from the Factor Xa inhibitors and especially -- and from the Phase 2 trial, we're looking at also the combination of it with dual anti-platelet therapies. So that's the overall intent for the future development to look at multiple other opportunities in the ordeal as well as on the  side from Milvexian as a single agent as well as in the combination with the background therapy. So more to follow. And certainly, after the data presentation, we can have a wide dialogue on the indications and the plans. Thank you.
Tim Power: Thanks, Samit. Sarah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We'll take our next caller from Matthew Phipps with William Blair.
Matthew Phipps: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Another melanoma landscape question. The results of  were presented at the recent ASCO showing Opdivo maybe should be used even ahead of BRAF inhibitor combinations. Do you think that's enough to drive more uptake of Opdivo and Yervoy in that setting in the front line, or is this thing you're going to explore with additional trials, maybe newer CTLA-4 antibodies?
Giovanni Caforio: Chris?
Chris Boerner: Sure. Well, thanks for the question, Matthew. We have long believed that I-O has promised in improving the outcome of BRAF mutant positive patients. Today, as you may know, the use of I-O, particularly as a first-line treatment in that population is still somewhat limited. It's around 30% to 35% of that population. The  data that were presented actually last year at ASCO are potentially practice forming in that they provide, I think, important insights into how to best sequence dual I-O therapy relative to targeted therapy. And in particular, they show that the use of dual I-O before targeted CAFMAC  therapy led to a significant improvement in -- to your overall survival. So in that regard, the data are compelling and it can inform practice. The one big caveat to keep in mind here is that targeted therapy combination used for first-line BRAF-mutant patients has been very sticky. And so while we may see some use of dual I-O in the frontline setting based on Dreamsic  I would anticipate that would be mainly an academic setting, primarily because that's where the data are going to be most known. Remember, we can't promote to this data. So I think it's unlikely you're going to see broader adoption. That said, it's encouraging data, and it could have an impact on selected customers.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Sarah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll move on next to Carter Gould with Barclays.
Carter Gould: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to go to Eliquis and exactly kind of what's -- which countries are baked into sort of the second half headwind. You mentioned the $250 million headwind on the quarter. You made some intra-quarter comments. And we've seen some additional countries have generics like Canada. And I guess, just bigger picture, is it more appropriate to still think about Eliquis as a tailwind to overall company growth in 2023, given some of these headwinds, it seems like every month, there's a new country sort of launching generics. And I guess then secondly, just on deucravacitinib, how are you guys thinking about those IBD indications right now and specifically sort of the viability of those higher doses and if anything is shifted based on your conversations with FDA around psoriasis.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Let me just start on Eliquis and then David will provide some more insight and Chris answer your second question. So what's referred to by David in terms of the impact of EU generics for the rest of the year at this point is the UK and the Netherlands. So let me just step back and remind you where we are in the UK, as you know, the high courts have found our composition to be invalid. And obviously, we strongly disagree with that ruling because that's the same patent that was actually upheld and reaffirmed in both the US and Canada last year, and we're seeking permission to appeal. The Netherlands is very different because in the Netherlands generic company decided to launch before the trial actually took place on the merits. And obviously, that trial is still ongoing. There are generics of Eliquis that we expect to enter the market in Canada that was planned later this year. And as we've communicated before, there are similar lawsuits ongoing in other in other EU countries and every country actually is completely independent and each jurisdiction will make a decision independent. From our perspective, we continue to be very much convinced about the strength of our IP and will defend every case in every country. David?
David Elkins: And Carter, also just recall, the vast majority of our growth comes from the US, and we have patent protection until April 1, 2028. So feel really strong about the growth potential -- continued growth potential of Eliquis by that. But just to contextualize our business in the UK is about $500 million. And what we said is it will be about -- between the UK and the Netherlands, it will be about $250 million this year. And as Giovanni talked about in the other European markets, we'll continue to vigorously defend our intellectual property in there. That provides some context on how we're thinking about the growth potential of this.
Chris Boerner: And then maybe I'll just say something very briefly on IBD and turn it over to Samit to talk about the development. IBD is obviously a large and underserved market. Some elements are more competitive than others, but in general, there's still a need for multiple oral options here. And given the profile that we've seen with deucrava, certainly through the psoriasis program, I think from a commercial standpoint, there would certainly be an intriguing opportunity for us, but Samit can speak more directly to the clinical plans.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. So just to keep it very brief, that both trials are ongoing in Phase 2 right now, one in Crohn's disease, one in ulcerative colitis. And based on data, we will be making decisions on development as well as the doses. But I would say it has no bearing at all in terms of the approvability of the deucravacitinib in September for the psoriasis program. So rest assuring that. Thank you.
Tim Power: Sarah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll move on next to Dane Leone with Raymond James.
Dane Leone: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Two strategy ones for me, and this is something that comes up in almost every investor conversation. For you guys to win with Milvexian, the view is that you really have to have that head-to-head comparative trial versus riva in AFib, and AFib is going to represent the majority of the addressable market for Milvexian. And so the question is, from a lot of people's perspective, from a time line, it seems like you guys might be behind on that front. Could you just maybe address what your strategy is to get into AFib, what you view as the time lines for success. And then generally, how you view head-to-head trials is potentially mitigating the LOE associated with Eliquis as we go through this decade. And then kind of to the same point, there's a lot of questions of how you preserve the Opdivo revenues going forward and how much you can actually swap out with further studies of Opdualag ? And you have a number of ongoing but what do you really see as the potential of Opdualag peak sales from what you know now between what's going to cannibalize Opdivo and potentially Yervoy versus where are going to be de novo markets for pure growth. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Let me just answer your Opdualag question, first, and then Samit is best positioned to comment on Milvexian. So on Opdualag, as we've stated before, we see great potential for Opdualag. And as you look at and in fact we've articulated our perspective that peak sales for the asset can be from a non-risk-adjusted basis above $4 billion in revenue, and that, of course, comes from a number of indications. And when you look at the indications that we are currently studying, of course, melanoma is the entry for Opdualag, but there are trials ongoing in colorectal cancer, liver cancer and lung cancer. And in some cases, those are indications where we currently have a presence with Opdivo, in some cases, there are new indications. You are right when we look at Opdualag as an opportunity to provide durability to our I-O franchise And assuming continued successful development, there is clearly a potential for Opdualag to be playing in a meaningful part of the current revenue space for Opdualag. With respect to Milvexian, again, Samit will comment. Let me just remind you that as he said before, we'll be able to provide much more insights into develop the development program once you've seen that we presented the data. And obviously, we're looking at a broad set of indications well beyond AFib. But Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Good. Just very briefly, thank you, Giovanni. What I would say that there will be data presentation, both from the competitor molecule and ourselves at the same time at ESC, neither of the two companies have started the Phase 3 program, and our partners, Janssen and BMS. We are, of course, looking forward to initiation of that program later this year. As I said earlier, both on the venous arterial side of things, single-agent combinations, and then we'll be able to talk about the competitors as well. So thank you.
Tim Power: Thanks, Samit. Sarah, can we go to the next one please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move on to Colin Bristow with UBS.
Colin Bristow: Hey, good morning and congrats on the quarter. On mezigdomide, when should we expect to see the fourth line update on this asset? And could you just walk us through the broader development plan and timing around this, please? And then maybe just a follow-up on business development. Just how should we think about this going forward in terms of your therapeutic areas or mechanisms of interest? And what are you now thinking as your sort of sweet spot for deal size? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Sure. I will start with mezigdomide. And certainly, the data that we presented already in single-agent combination has been quite interesting and certainly very helpful in terms of thinking of longer-term development plan for mezigdomide. The data update will be, I think, at ASH or at the next ASH conference that we will be able to find for the ongoing single-arm open-label study. More importantly, as you have seen in this scorecard that was presented by Giovanni earlier, mezigdomide has 2 Phase 3 trials planned to start in the coming -- in 2023 to look at the combination of trecholis  as well as to look at the combination in the comparison versus pomalidomide. So those twp are the second line plus indications where mezigdomide is going to be tested, and we're looking forward to those initiations in 2022. I'll give it back to Giovanni for the BD question.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. And from a BD perspective, what I can say is we remain size agnostic. We have tremendous financial flexibility. What we look at is compelling science in areas that we know well and the opportunity to continue to further strengthen the outlook of the company in the second half of the decade and beyond, and obviously do that through deals that generate value for patients and for shareholders.
Tim Power: I know we're running short on time. I think maybe we have time to squeeze two last ones and maybe go to the next one, please, Sarah.
Operator: Absolutely. We'll take our next question from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe a question on -- another question on Camzyos. So when we spoke to cardiology, there were some concerns raised by general cardiologists talking about ramps and how maybe only cardiomyopathy clinics, which more patients are better equipped to handle this. So one, is it true? And number two, like to what end Bristol can help make it easy for doctors. And the last one is like, do you know how -- what percentage of patient population is treated at specialty cardiomyopathy clinics. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Chris?
Chris Boerner: Sure. So with respect to the REMS and sort of how that's been received, as I mentioned earlier, the feedback on the REMS process has been very favorable from physicians. It's straightforward to get certified. We've spent a lot of time working with Samit's team before approval to make sure that the REMS program generally was intuitive and fit into how cardiologists generally treat patients. And so far, that work upfront as well as the education we've done is paying off. Cardiologists are generally seeing it as not a barrier, in fact, the fact that we have seen a large number of medium and small clinics get not only REM certified, but get patients onto therapy, and in many cases, get multiple patients on therapy is an indicator of the fact that the REMS program is, by and large, being seen as something that's very manageable for physicians and hasn't proven to be a barrier at all. Moreover, I think that the REMS program when we designed it was important to make sure that patients are initiated and initiated safely and monitored over the course of their disease. And that's exactly how this process is playing out at this point. So very happy with respect to what we're hearing playback from physicians on REMS.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Can we move to our last question, please?
Operator: We will take our last question today from Robyn Karnauskas with Truist Securities.
Robyn Karnauskas: Thank you for taking my question. All right. So quickly on Breyanzi. I mean, suggests still there's like a small fraction, maybe 20% of people eligible that can get the drug. So given that you have a really broad label, you're going into second line, how do you think you can improve this? What steps are you taking to improve the vein to vein or brain to vein time. And on deucra just a quick question there. For the moderate patients, how are you viewing -- how it will be positioned versus dermavan  or Eliquis drug, the came in at a lower price, pretty clean safety profile. How are you viewing any step edits that might be required there? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Robyn. Chris?
Chris Boerner: Sure. What I would say is that on Breyanzi I think in general, the focus that we've had continues to be on -- if your question is around continuing the approve on the manufacturing side, the focus there has been on making sure that we're really on three things. First, on Breyanzi, you have to -- on cell therapy generally, you have to stay focused on operational issues. Obviously, we spoke about the issue that hit the success rates with this program in the quarter. But clearly thatâs going to be one area of focus for us. And as part of that, you obviously are continuing to stay focused on improving turnaround time, and that's a clear focus for the manufacturing team. Above and beyond that, though, what I would say is most critical for us at this stage in the launch for both of Abecma and Breyanzi is to continue to be focused on vector supply and drug product supply, continue to increase that. We're working hard with health authorities to increase capacity on drug supply for Breyanzi at our existing facilities. We're also bringing on two state-of-the-art facilities in Devens, Massachusetts and at Leidenâs in the Netherlands that I think are going to be an important component of how we continue to expand the capacity for that product coming into the first part of next year. And then with respect to deucravacitinib, I think the focus, as we look at deucravacitinib is first and foremost, recognizing that the most important thing with this asset as you think about access generally is going to be the value story that you have to tell. And we have a very strong story to tell with deucravacitinib. As I mentioned earlier, we anticipate demand is going to be strong for this, also recognize that you have two Phase III studies that show head-to-head data against the current standard of care for the patients who are being treated with moderate to severe psoriasis. So we have a very strong story to tell with payers. And then in terms of those dynamics, I'm actually less concerned about competition with topicals and in particular, because remember, a lot of topicals are going to stay on board as you move into oral therapies and psoriasis. So I think the dynamics that we're most looking at are first, making sure that we provide very quick access for patients who have plans with open access. And as we talked about last quarter, in this market as opposed to other markets that we've talked about, many patients are covered by plans that will have open access at launch. And then obviously, we're going to have to continue to build volume in order to expand coverage for those that don't have open access at launch. And there, it's going to be all about driving volume and then leveraging that volume to get into a better access position over time.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. And from my perspective, let me just say again that what we're hearing from physicians all the time is that they consider Breyanzi as the best-in-class CD19 in CAR-T, and I look forward to the opportunity to have a significant increase in capacity at the beginning of next year, which will be important for us.
Giovanni Caforio: Now more broadly, I want to thank all of you for participating in the call. This was a strong quarter for the company. We have good momentum with our in-line business. There are very positive dynamics with our new product portfolio, and that positions us well for the second half of the year, which again, will be very important for the company. I look forward to continuing to answer your questions, and our IR team will be available for any follow-up you have. So thanks again, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's teleconference. We do appreciate your participation. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2022 First Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Power: Thank you, Sergei, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our first quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. also participating in today's call are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you'll note, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can follow along with for Giovanni and David's remarks. But before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statements. During this call, we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the comparable most GAAP measures are available on bms.com. And so I'll hand over now to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Let's start with our first quarter performance on Slide 4. This is an important year for Bristol-Myers Squibb, and I'm pleased to share that we've had a strong start to 2022. In fact, just yesterday, the FDA-approved mavacamten or Camzyos. This is a first-in-class medicine for patients living with symptomatic abstractive HCM. It's an important milestone for patients who up until now had no options to treat the underlying cause of this disease. I'm proud that we're giving hope to patients and improving their quality of life. It's also an important milestone for BMS. With U.S. approvals of Opdualag and Camzyos so far this year, we have significantly strengthened our new product portfolio. And we are on track to potentially launch three important new first-in-class medicines this year. Addition, strong commercial execution in the quarter resulted in solid year-over-year growth from our in-line products and new product portfolio. During the quarter, we saw the first entries of Revlimid generics in the U.S. and Europe. David will comment on our first quarter dynamics. But for the full year, U.S. entry expectations remain the same, while ex-U.S. erosion is expected to be faster than previously anticipated. Overall, we grew revenue by 5% and delivered double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth compared to the same quarter last year. There is good momentum in our business, and our performance in Q1 validates that we are well prepared for the renewal of our portfolio with multiple catalysts across in-line products and new product portfolio to more than offset upcoming LOEs and drive growth through the decade. Our very strong financial position gives us significant flexibility as we continue to prioritize business development while paying down debt and expanding shareholder distributions. Now let me turn to our scorecard on Slide 5 and provide some context around the important achievements of the quarter. We are making good progress against our milestones, which are central to delivering on our long-term strategy and growth as a company. Starting with the milestones we show during the quarter. Opdivo was approved in the U.S. in March as the first I-O agent to treat early-stage non-small cell lung cancer patients before surgery. This indication strengthens its profile in line and provides additional tailwind for growth. While disappointed with the results of the bank back program, we are very pleased with the significant progress of our new product portfolio overall. Breyanzi is now approved in Europe, our second CAR T cell therapy approved in the EU. As you know, we've been planning to bring three important new products to market this year. So far, two of those new products, Opdualag and Camzyos received FDA approval. Many of our new products have significant expansion opportunities. For Opdualag, we recently initiated a pivotal study in colorectal cancer. And for deucravacitinib, we delivered a successful Phase 2 proof-of-concept result in lupus. Looking to the future, the breadth of milestones ahead is exciting. One that we're looking forward to is the Milvexian Phase 2 data in secondary strong prevention. We have decades of expertise in cardiovascular disease, and we believe this could be a medicine that treats an even broader population of patients than current oral anticoagulants. We expect to get Phase 2 data in-house around the middle of the year. And depending on the results, we plan to start Phase 3 trials later this year. Turning to our three new products on Slide 6. As I mentioned, in March, we received approval for Opdualag for the treatment of patients with unreceptible or metastatic melanoma. Opdualag is our first-in-class, fixed-dose, dual immunotherapy combination of nivolumab and the lag-free blocking agent antibody relatlimab. The combination of relatlimab and nivolumab demonstrated a clinically meaningful PFS and OS benefit. Opdualag marks the second approved I-O combination that we've delivered And demonstrates our continued scientific leadership in I-O. While we are still in the early days, I can say that the Opdualag launch is going very well. We believe this medicine has the opportunity to become a new standard of care for melanoma patients. In addition to melanoma, Opdualag has the potential for new indications. And we are exploring important opportunities in lung, liver and colorectal cancers. Turning now to our just FDA-approved mavacamten or Camzyos. The benefit of Camzyos for patients with symptomatic obstructive HCM were further reinforced with the exciting VALOR data presented at ACC this month. We're launching Camzyos in the U.S. and look forward to receiving EU approval and launching international with future indications to come. Finally, we continue to be excited about the opportunity for the deucravacitinib. As you know, we have an FDA PDUFA date in September for psoriasis. We believe that psoriasis patients need better oral options. And this asset has demonstrated superior efficacy compared to the oral standard of care with a favorable safety and tolerability profile. During the first quarter, we also delivered a successful Phase 2 proof-of-concept result in lupus, positioning us to start Phase 3 studies later this year in a disease with a very high unmet need. Importantly, the lupus data continues to show the consistent and differentiated safety profile of a selective TYK2 inhibitor. We plan to share comprehensive data with the scientific community at upcoming congress this year. With our upcoming FDA PDUFA date in the third quarter, Phase 3 trials already underway in psoriatic arthritis and a proof-of-concept achieved in lupus and additional Phase 2 trials ongoing, including in IBD, our confidence in the potential of this program continues to grow. Now turning to Slide 7. Thanks to the hard work, dedication and strong execution by our employees, I am confident in our ability to deliver on our strategy and more than offset key LOEs by continuing the growth of our in-line products with $8 billion to $10 billion in incremental sales and delivering $10 billion to $13 billion of revenue expected from our new product portfolio by 2025. Our strong clinical performance further derisks our launch portfolio. And as a result, we have confidence in our ability to deliver the $25 billion plus in non-risk-adjusted revenue in 2029. We have a strong foundation in place. And as the renewal of our portfolio gains further traction this year, I am confident in the potential of our company. Now, I'll turn it over to David.
David Elkins: Thank you, Giovanni, and welcome again to our first quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to turn to Slide 9 to discuss our top line performance. Unless otherwise stated, I will discuss sales performance on an underlying basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange translation. Total company revenues in the quarter exceeded $11.6 billion, growing 7% year-over-year. This was driven by strong double-digit sales of our in-line and new product portfolio, partially offset by our recent LOEs. Let's take a closer look at our new product portfolio performance on Slide 10. In the first quarter, the new product portfolio contributed $350 million in revenue, more than doubling revenue versus prior year. With the combination of factors, including the usual year-end buying patterns impacting sequential performance, we remain confident in the growth potential of the new product portfolio. The first-in-class approvals of Opdualag and yesterday's FDA approval of Camzyos further strengthen our confidence in the new product portfolio. We also look forward to our upcoming PDUFA date for tacravacitinib in September, which would deliver another first-in-class medicine for patients with the opportunity to deliver more than $4 billion in non-risk-adjusted revenue in 2029. These initial approvals are just the beginning as many of these new medicines have significant expansion opportunities into additional indications. Now let's look at our expanded more diversified business by therapeutic area. Turning to our solid tumor performance on Slide 11. Opdivo and Yervoy continued their growth trajectory, growing double digits versus prior year. This is driven by continued demand for our newly launched indications and our core indications. In the U.S., Opdivo grew double-digit versus prior year, driven by demand in first-line lung, renal and gastric cancer as well as adjuvant esophageal and bladder cancers. Outside the U.S., first quarter year-over-year revenues increased double digit. This strong growth was primarily driven by expanded access in emerging markets as well as demand for new indications in developed markets as we continue to secure reimbursement. Looking forward, we expect continued growth of Opdivo from our new and expanding indications. With the launch of Opdualag in mid-March, we are pleased to be the only company with three approved I-O agents. While early days in the launch, we generated approximately $6 million in sales, half of which was demand and the other half stocking. We are encouraged by the initial feedback suggesting the potential for Opdualag to be a new standard of care for patients with metastatic melanoma, and I look forward to providing more updates as the year progresses. Now let's move to our growing cardiovascular portfolio on Slide 12. I'll start with Eliquis, which continues to grow globally, with revenues up 14% year-over-year. In the U.S., sales increased 12% versus prior year, driven primarily by total prescription growth of 10%. Internationally, sales were strong, up 17% versus a year ago. This strong double-digit growth was primarily driven by increased share across key markets, and the brand continues to be the number one OAC in multiple countries. Turning to our expanded portfolio. I'm really excited about the approval of mavacamten now known as Camzyos for patients with symptomatic obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy or oHCM. We plan to leverage BMS's existing CV leadership, building our strong expertise and relationship, focused initially at top HCM centers. Our field teams are excited to bring this product to patients in the U.S., and Chris can provide more details on our go-to-market strategy in the Q&A session. Now let's turn our attention over to a few of our hematology products on Slide 13, starting with Revlimid. Sales in the quarter were nearly $2.8 billion. Revenues were primarily impacted by generic entry. During Q1, we saw generics enter the U.S. later than expected entry and so far at a modest pace. As mentioned last quarter, we expect the uncertainty of how generic players will enter the market, though there is no change to our outlook for the U.S. Revlimid this year and beyond, we expect favorability we saw in Q1 to reverse in Q2. And internationally, generics launch broadly across Europe in mid-February and erosion has been faster than expected. As a result, we now expect full year global sales to be approximately $9 billion to $9.5 billion. Based upon U.S. phasing and ex-U.S. dynamics, we expect second quarter global revenues to be approximately $2 billion. Global revenues grew from 9% versus prior year. Global revenues continued to be driven by volume and market share gains as patients move to earlier lines of treatment and extending duration of treatment. Now moving to Reblozyl, which generated revenues of $156 million in the quarter. Sales were up 41% versus prior year, primarily driven by continued demand in ESA refractory MDS patients. In the U.S. to date, we have robust on-label share in RS-positive patients. We're seeing encouraging trends in the reduction of time in the switch from ESA failures, which is also supported by NCCN guidelines. We have also made progress in physicians uptrading a patient's dose to ensure sustained duration and benefit. Our focus remains on patient identification and dose titration for optimal outcomes. And outside the U.S., Reblozyl continues to grow with increased share in both MDS and beta-thalassemia associated anemia. We have now launched in six countries moving to cell therapy launches of Abecma and Breyanzi. Abecma generated revenue of $67 million in the first quarter. As expected, sales were largely similar to the fourth quarter of 2021 as demand continues to be robust, track to expand capacity in the middle of this year to be able to help more patients with highly refractory multiple myeloma. As it relates to Breyanzi, sales in the quarter were $44 million. Sales were driven primarily by demand in the U.S., while physicians continue to recognize Breyanzi's best-in-class profile. We are very pleased with the recent EU approval for Breyanzi in third-line plus large B-cell lymphoma and look forward to launching in select markets in 2022. Additionally, we are preparing for the U.S. launch of Breyanzi in second-line large B cell lymphoma in June and are ramping up capacity in order to treat more patients. Moving to our immunology product summary on Slide 14. Orencia sales grew 6% versus prior year due to expanded U.S. sales, driven by increased market share in the U.S. As it relates to Zeposia, global sales in the quarter were $36 million, doubling sales compared to prior year. Sequentially in the U.S., we saw encouraging demand growth that was offset primarily by buying patterns from prior quarter and higher gross-to-net impacts related to patient access and ulcerative colitis. We are pleased with the awareness and perception of Zeposia in UC and are encouraged by the strong increase in new patient starts. We continue to work further expanding volume while strengthening access and reimbursement and expect to have increased contribution from UC in the second half of this year and expanding in 2023. Internationally, Zeposia continues to secure reimbursement in other markets for MS as well as obtain additional reimbursement for the newly approved UC indication last quarter. Lastly, as we continue to broaden our immunology portfolio, launch plans are already underway to prepare for deucravacitinib our P&L on Slide 15. As noted recently, we changed the presentation of our non-GAAP results. Along with other pharmaceutical companies, we no longer exclude significant research and development charges or other income resulting from upfront or contingent milestone payments in connection with asset acquisitions or licensing of third-party intellectual property rights. These charges have been included in our GAAP results, and there's no impact to the economics of our business. Going forward, we will now include these previously specified charges in both GAAP and non-GAAP results as a new line item called acquired in process research and development as well as capture the previously specified income in our OI&E line item. In the quarter, operating expenses, excluding acquired in process research and development increased versus prior year, primarily due to increased MS&A driven by differences in timing of spend in the prior year as well as investments in our new product portfolio. Net charges of $280 million in income are primarily driven by upfront milestone payments associated with the Immatics and Dragonfly licensing agreements. The first quarter effective tax rate was impacted by earnings mix. Even with this new financial presentation and the $0.10 impact from the inclusion of acquired in-process R&D and previously specified income, our strong performance in the quarter allowed us to grow non-GAAP EPS 13% versus last year. Excluding this, the new presentation chain of non-GAAP EPS would have grown 18%. Now moving to the balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 16. Cash flow generation for the Company remained strong. Cash flow from operations in the quarter was approximately $3.8 billion. We ended the quarter in a strong liquidity position with approximately $15 billion in cash and marketable securities. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. BD continues to be a top priority, and we remain committed to continued debt reduction and returning capital to shareholders. And in the quarter, we executed a $5 billion accelerated share repurchase program. Approximately 65 million shares or 85% of the $5 billion aggregate repurchase price were delivered to the Company in the quarter. The ASR will settle over the next couple of quarters, and we remain opportunistic about future share repurchases. Now turning to our 2022 non-GAAP guidance on Slide 17. As you know, we guided based upon prevailing exchange rates at the time we reported results. We're updating our top line guidance to be in line to prior year, primarily due to movements in foreign exchange, reflecting the spot rate of the dollar today and faster erosion of Revlimid outside the U.S. Recent LOE product guidance is also being changed to reflect the updated Revlimid outlook in the range of $9 billion to $9.5 billion. So FX headwinds impact our entire portfolio. The outlook for in-line products and the new product portfolio remains unchanged in our future growth drivers. We now expect total operating expenses, excluding in process R&D, to decline in the low single digits versus prior year, driven primarily by cost discipline and the impact of foreign exchange. Excluding the change in financial presentation that we've adopted for non-GAAP earnings, there is no change to our outlook for non-GAAP EPS for the year. With the impact of certain non-GAAP EPS, our new range of $7.44 to $7.74. This change is driven by the previously announced $0.10 impact from the actuals in the first quarter, an additional $0.11 related to the buyout of future royalty obligations from mavacamten that occurred in April. Before we move on to Q&A, I want to thank our colleagues around the world to continue to deliver strong commercial, clinical and financial results. And I'm really excited for what lies ahead. I'll now turn it back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.
Tim Power: Thanks, David. Sergei, could we go to our first question, please?
Operator: Sure. Our first question comes from Chris Schott from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Schott: Two for me. First, can you maybe talk about Camzyos, if I'm pronouncing that right, and the echo monitoring requirement there? It seems like it's a fairly kind of long program. I'm just wondering how you see that impacting any uptake the drug could have? And the second question for me was on Milvexian and just the read across from the Bayer Factor XIa data we saw last month. I guess specific question would be, can you just talk about the attractiveness of Afib as a category for the Factor XIas? And is that a focus for Bristol? Or is your focus more in markets where there currently isn't, I guess, Factor Xa usage? So any color there would be appreciated.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. I'll ask Chris to answer your question on Camzyos. And then, Samit will comment on Milvexian.
Chris Boerner: Thanks for the question. Since this is the first question on Camzyos, let me just say at the outset that we're incredibly excited to be launching Camzyos. This is an important new medicine for obstructive HCM patients. And for those of you who are at ACC, there's palpable excitement and anticipation of this drug. So this is a great opportunity for patients. Let me say a couple of things on just the REMS in general, and then I'll get to your question on the echo monitoring. We've been working with Samit's team and the FDA on the design of these REMS and with customers on how we would execute against it for a number of months. We view obviously the REMS is important because it ensures that patients are able to be treated safely, that they get on the right dose and that they're able to ultimately get the full benefit for Camzyos. There are two key components as you think about the strems. There's a titration period, which is all about monitoring patients to ensure they get the right dose. This is largely again conceptually to how cardiologists manage hypertension. And then the second component is ensuring eligibility and driving giving background medications. As we look across both of these two key components together, we see the requirements for the REMS is manageable, generally fitting, as I referenced earlier, to the treatment approach for cardiac patients, and we don't see them as a barrier to adoption. Now with respect to the echo monitoring period specifically, we obviously consulted customers as we were working through the design the REMS, and they don't see it as a concern for a couple of reasons. First, the requirements of this monitoring period are relatively minimal. You have to get an LVEF and an LVOT reading. That can be done with your local physicians. So for those patients are being treated in centers of excellence, they can go back to their cardiologists, local cardiologist office to fulfill those requirements. Second, you have to remember, patients would be coming back a couple of times anyway for echos. And a number of patients would be coming back much more frequently for symptom management. So physician visits every three months is not seen as particularly burdensome. And the last thing I would highlight is a very important point, which is that patients are going to be highly motivated to work their way through this period. As we saw with the four study patients are highly motivated to stay on drug, they feel better on Camzyos. And so we think there's going to be strong motivation on their part to work through these requirements. So net-net, this is something we'll be obviously educating customers on, but we don't see this as a barrier to use.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Chris. Thanks for that. And Chris, from JPM, for your question on Milvexian, I think first of all, we are truly excited about that medicine as well. And we look forward to getting the data in-house in the middle of the year. The read-through from the Bayer presentation, I would say is that it further strengthens our confidence in the mechanism of action as well as provides a further proof-of-concept that inhibiting Factor XIa is a safe way to provide further anticoagulation or antithrombotic therapies for patients who really need it. As it comes to what indications we'll be pursuing, we'll continue to work with our partner, Janssen, to really define those once the data are in-house. And we can look at the data, the dose, the ways of administering the drug. And all in all, we'll be able to share that with you once we are ready with the data and the read-throughs. Thank you.
Tim Power: Thanks, Samit. Sergei, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Chris Shibutani, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Chris Shibutani: Congratulations on the approval on Camzyos as well. Perhaps can you talk about two issues: one, relating to access and the other in terms of time lines for which you feel that the physicians are going to get more comfortable with dosing? Perhaps can you update us on your expectations for access timing relative to this approval and with the early phases of the rollout and again, on timing on when they're going to be educating physicians and expecting them to get more comfortable with the regimen and the REMS?
Tim Power: Thank you, Chris. Chris?
Chris Boerner: Sure. So, two very good questions. So let me start with access. In general, we anticipate the majority of the Camzyos patients are going to have very good access for this therapy. Remember, about half of the patients who are obstructive HCM are covered commercial and medical. And we think access in this patient population is going to be particularly good. And we expect initially a disproportionate share of our use is going to come from this patient population. Now remember, virtually specialty medicines, Camzyos is not going to be on formulary day one. We will plan to cover these patients on bridge programs for the roughly four to six weeks that are going to be required to work through the exceptions process. But we've built strong patient support programs to assist these patients during the sign, and we expect minimal barriers for these patients during initial period. And then, of course, once Camzyos is on formulary, we would expect access to be much more straightforward. Now for Medicare patients, we expect that share is going to grow over time as any affordability challenges there get resolved. Initially, the opportunity will be mainly in the low-income subsidy patients. But then the broader population, useful expand, additional support becomes available to address any affordability issues there. With respect to your second question on time lines for dosing education, we actually think that's going to be relatively rapid. A few things to keep in mind. Number one is we work through this label. I referenced that working with customers on how we would execute against the REMS. So, many of the customers, particularly in centers of excellence, which will be the primary focus at launch are already roughly familiar with the dosing requirements here. And obviously, the initial focus of our commercial efforts are going to be in these centers of excellence. So, we think the understanding of the dosing requirements and the REMS more generally are going to be very good at launch there. And then, we're going to be targeting a much broader audience. In fact, potential obstructive HCM patients with our launch efforts, we're staffed to do that, and those education efforts are underway beginning today.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Sergei, can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Sure. Geoff Meacham from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: I just had a couple of the new product launches. So first on Breyanzi, I just wanted to get kind of an update of where you guys -- what you guys think drives a real inflection. If you had any update as well on the manufacturing, that would be helpful. And then on Zeposia, can you just talk a little bit about the drag on access, just timing for formulary additions, et cetera. Just kind of wondering the drivers of an inflection for that brand as well.
Tim Power: Thank you, Geoff. Chris?
Chris Boerner: Sure. So let me talk about Breyanzi, first, then I'll touch on Zeposia. So Breyanzi, we're happy with the continued performance that we saw in the quarter. We were up obviously sequentially. We're seeing within our existing indication continued strong interest from physicians and using the product. Patient enrollments from activated accounts were up nicely in the quarter. We saw a nice increase in  patients and that translated into growth in Breyanzi's overall class share, which is now roughly 20% to 25%. Particularly important from my perspective is that Breyanzi continues to be seen as the best-in-class assets here. And so that gives us confidence not only in our existing indication, but obviously, we're very much looking forward to a label expansion into the second-line setting for this asset, which continues to be on track, and Samit can speak to that in the second half of the year. With respect to manufacturing, as we've said previously, obviously, that's a big focus for us. We have consistently said that we're -- our focus is that capacity by the middle of the year to be ready for that second-line launch and those efforts continue to be on track. As for Zeposia, again, I think we are happy with the continued progress that we've made with Zeposia. As David referenced, we had a few dynamics in the quarter with respect to gross to net and inventory. That said, as we look at that product, particularly in UC, which is obviously important for the long-term growth of the product, there are two things that are going to be critically important for the success of the product. First, we've got to, as you referenced, improve access; and second, we've got to drive volumes. Since both of those things go travel, maybe I'll just give you a quick update on both. With respect to access, we have very broad formulary access today. And in fact, we've seen the quality that access improved this year relative to last year. But as we expected, the majority of patients Zeposia in UC still have multiple step edits. And so we've got to continue to improve access for these patients. And the way we would do that is by driving volume. And on that front, we made good progress in the quarter. Patient starts were up about 30% in Q1 relative to Q4. We continue to expand our user base nicely. And importantly, we continue to drive intent to prescribe, all of which we think set us up continued volume growth. Now the majority of those patients when they come on therapy are going to initially be triaged to our bridge program. So what we've got to do this year is, first, we've got to convert those patients commercial drug where possible. For patients who have better access, we need to convert them over from our bridge program on to commercial drug, and there's a big focus in this year to do that. And then second, obviously, we've got to continue to drive new patient starts. So as I look at the quarter, I think we made good headway. We've got more work to do. But as we begin to achieve success, particularly in moving those patients from bridge to commercial, you'll see greater volume of sales coming from UC, and that will set us up for continued success later this year and into '23.
Tim Power: Sergei, can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Seamus Fernandez, Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Seamus Fernandez: Great. So the first one really is on Milvexian. I wanted to drill into your comments earlier on the call with regard to the opportunity and SSP and your knowledge there. Feedback that we have gotten from thought leaders and experts in the space, a bit of a riskier indication, more in the context of the patients that get recruited and the interactions that can occur between clopidogrel and aspirin that perhaps could confuse of the data as it relates to Factor XI. So I wanted to just get a better understanding of how you guys are controlling for that. There are genetic factors that impact clopidogrel, bleeding risk, things like that as well as the efficacy of clopidogrel. So just wanted to get a sense of how you are managing for that, whether you're stratifying for it or perhaps looking at looking at that on -- after the fact. And then the second question on mavacamten. Obviously, I think the price may be surprised to the upside a little bit at $90,000 annually. That's quite a wide spread between that result and the ICR evaluation of less than $15,000 a year. Obviously, can you just comment on that differential and how you hope to get beyond that with additional clinical studies?
Tim Power: Thank you. Thank you, Seamus. So let me just make a comment at the beginning. We've been very clear with respect to the ICER assessment of mavacamten with the fact we didn't think it was scientifically accurate and not based on solid data and methodology. So Chris will give you his perspective about the mavacamten value and price. Before that, though, Samit would answer your question on Milvexian SSP.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, and thanks, Seamus, for your question. On Milvexian, as you know, that SSP trial is ongoing. It's more than 2,000 patients that have been enrolled in the study. And we'll have a read-out in the middle of the year as I said earlier. We have the background therapy of clopidogrel ASA and as well as aspirin. Clopidogrel which is given in the first month and ASA continues for the next up to three months. With that data, we will be getting all of the PK data as well as the safety data, and we'll be able to then analyze if there are any interactions. Having said that, we've done quite a number of DDI studies, and we do not see drug-drug interactions as issues. And of course, the overall safety that we will get from this study, combined with the data from the TTR study that we've already done, we'll then define how we proceed further. So since the data are almost around the corner, let's wait for that and not speculate on how the application will be in the SSP study. And certainly, when the data are available and then presented at medical conferences in the future, we can have a further dialogue on that. Thank you. And Chris?
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Seamus. I think Giovanni addressed the question on ICER. So as it relates to the specific price for Camzyos, we price this product very much consistently with how we price products generally, which is looking at variety of factors and notably the value that the drug brings to patients in the health care system with a strong focus on ensuring that we are providing rapid and sustained access for patients. Remember with Camzyos, this is the first there that effectively targets the source of obstructive HCM. So there really aren't any clinically comparable therapies here. You've got largely ineffective, nonspecific products like beta and calcium channel blockers that are relatively old and inexpensive. And then you've got more effective, but highly invasive procedures like myectomy and septal ablation. These procedures alone can be upwards of to $150,000. And then you've got ancillary costs associated with those. And remember, they don't cure the disease. So you've got ongoing multiyear costs associated with these products as well. So it's a fairly broad range of prices. Where we netted out here, we think is a price that, as I mentioned before, reflects the value of the product. We don't see any incremental concerns with respect to access. And as I referenced in the previous question, we have a robust suite of programs and resources that are in the market to help address any patients or caregivers to support access for this product.
Tim Power: Let's go the next question, Sergei.
Operator: Sure. Evan Seigerman from BMO. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: And congrats on the approval last night. So I just wanted to touch on Revlimid. I know you -- David, you had mentioned some color on the call in your prepared remarks. But aside from FX, can you characterize any other potential balance at risk to the guidance over the remainder of the year? Just trying to get a sense of kind of the erosion curve O-U.S. and what we should be thinking about. And now that we're into the quarter, can you really characterize what you're seeing O-U.S. and kind of maybe give us some more color there? And just on one housekeeping item. On the royalty obligation you bought back for mavacamten, any impact we should be thinking about in our models?
Chris Boerner: Yes. Thanks, Evan, for the question. And on Revlimid, you really need to think about it in the context of the two markets, the U.S. and O-U.S. And as I said in my prepared remarks, for the U.S., the generic entry was later than we had anticipated and the erosion has been modest. So -- and as a result of that, we think that will come out in the second quarter, and that's why we provided guidance on the second quarter for Revlimid overall of $2 billion in Q2. As you think about the full year, outside the U.S. multiple generics enter in Europe in mid-February, and that erosion has been faster than we anticipated. And based upon that erosion that we're seeing, that's why we changed the full year guidance on Revlimid between $9 billion and $9.5 billion. As you think about longer-term Revlimid going forward, you may recall that we provided a guidance of about $2 billion to $2.5 billion per year over the next couple of years. And as we head into next year, since the erosion is a little faster this year, we'll probably be at the lower end of that range of around $2 billion for next year. So that's on Revlimid. And mavacamten, there was a minor royalty that we were able to retire that obligation. And it'll be a slight improvement to our gross margins, but we don't guide gross margins for our products overall, a low single-digit royalty obligation that we're able to expire.
Tim Power: Thanks. Can we go to the next one, please, Sergei?
Operator: Andrew Baum, Citi. Please go ahead.
Andrew Baum: A couple of questions please. Assuming  positive, I'm curious as to which clinical settings you'd actively avoid with Milvexian, given that OD inhibits one of the pathways in terms of pathways, sales and use all in mechanical heart valves. I'm just looking for some guidance, not go where you would be disinclined to go. And then second is given the accumulating long-term follow-up on deucravacitinib as the indications expand, I wonder whether to comment on any imbalances for zoster or thrombosis in that collected data that I'm sure you shared with the agency.
Tim Power: Thank you, Andrew. Let me ask Samit to answer both of your questions.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Andrew, and like the new flavor of the question on the indications of Milvexian, asking the same question different way, but I think the answer will remain the same for you that we're not disclosing at this time what indications we are going to pursue or exclude. We will have to make those decisions once we have the dose as well as our conversations with our partners, and of course, in conversations with the regulatory agencies in terms of how we will conduct the studies, what control arms will be used, et cetera. So certainly, we'll be happy to have that dialogue once we are there with the data as well as the decisions. On deucravacitinib, you're absolutely right. We are continuing to be very confident in the profile of the medicine. We have the data, of course, from POETYK 1 and POETYK 2 with long-term follow-ups now. We've conducted studies in psoriasis in China and Japan as well, which continue to support the overall profile. Additional data, of course, from psoriatic arthritis Phase 2 studies, SLE study that we've talked about as well. All continue to support the overall safety profile that we have seen in terms of the very specific inhibition of the TYK2 pathway without an impact on the JAK pathway. So the differentiation continues. And those are the data that we have provided from the psoriasis perspective to the agencies and looking forward to that launch in moderate-to-severe psoriasis in September of this year.
Tim Power: Sergei, can we go to the next one?
Operator: Steve Scala, Cowen. Please go ahead.
Steve Scala: I'd like to follow up on the Revlimid trajectory. It looks like the second half Revlimid revenue is expected to be about $4.2 billion to $4.7 billion. That implies a flat to up performance versus the second quarter. Can you discuss why it will be up in -- flat to up in H2 if pressure has intensified in both the U.S. and O-U.S.? That's the first question. The second question is, and I apologize for splitting hairs, but Milvexian data was expected in the first half. Now it's midyear. That is a modest change. But has there been some sort of delay maybe because of events? This isn't necessarily meant directed at Bristol, but it seems in this industry, midyear is always the third quarter and the third quarter is always September. So any color would be appreciated.
Tim Power: Thank you, Steve. Let me answer the second question, and then I'll ask David to answer your question on Revlimid. There is no change the time lines for Milvexian. So, the study is on track, and we look forward to updating you as soon as the data is in-house, David?
David Elkins: Yes. And Steve, thanks for the question on Revlimid. The thing that's important to remember in the U.S., we only have one generic entry in the first half of the year. And then we have multiple generics that we're entering in the second half of the year. So, that's why the phasing is from quarter-to-quarter. And it can shift, as I was saying, between because the generic entry will be in the September time frame. So depending on how quickly that comes into the market will impact the phasing of the product quarter-to-quarter. But you will see more generics in the U.S. in the second half of the year.
Tim Power: David. Sergei, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Luisa Hector, Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Luisa Hector: I wanted to ask you whether we can compare and contrast the Zeposia ramp with the potential ramp of deucravacitinib. Do you anticipate a similar sort of challenge, I guess, in terms of access and volume as you bring that product to market? And really, it's a question about how we should moderate our ramp or launch ramp for deucravacitinib. And on M&A, your comments still consistent commentary. But given some of the changes to valuations of other targets, I just wondered whether any of this dialogue is also shifting. Are you more companies approaching you? Is there more dialogue around collaboration on early-stage pipeline, just any shift in the dialogue.
Tim Power: Let me just answer the first -- the second question on M&A, and then Chris will answer your question on deucrava. So -- and let me just reiterate that our focus on M&A has always been there. It's the central pillar of our capital allocation strategy. It's a very important part of our innovation strategy. We've actually had a number of deals that we've executed in the last few months, which really confirms a very proactive approach to business development and more broadly. And as a result of that, that will continue to guide us in the future. With respect to your question about whether we are seeing any change, our experience is that whenever there is some type of realignment in market values, it always takes a little bit of time for those values to really -- values the boards of bioter companies look at in terms of their valuation. Having said that, of course, of course, values were extremely high, they're somewhat realigned. And then I'll conclude by saying that every company is a bit of a different story, and you have to really look at one at a time. But we are confident in the ability to continue to bring innovation into the Company through a combination of business development strategies that go from partnership and collaboration in licensing and potential acquisitions. Chris?
Chris Boerner: Yes. So thanks, Luisa, for the question. Just a couple of things. I would say at a high level, there are -- there are some important similarities between UC and psoriasis. Volume is going to be important to gain access over time. This is a market that, while it is less competitively intense than what you see in UC, particularly in the oral setting, it is a market that has been historical heavily managed. Now there are some important differences as well. While psoriasis is heavily managed, we have seen a number of national players -- payers have moved from highly restricted access to more open formulary management over the last few years. That's for new entrants. We also know that many patients are going to be covered on plans that have open access when we launch. Again, that's an important opportunity for a new entrant like deucravacitinib. But for the remainder of covered lives, it's going to be as we've been discussing with Zeposia to build volume over time so that we can work with payers to gain more of a favorable access position. So, there are some similarities between the two and then a couple of important differences as well.
Tim Power: Sergei, can we go to the next one?
Operator: Tim Anderson, Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Adam on the house of Tim. So first on TYK2, can you talk about the commercial potential in psoriasis under two different scenarios? The first being, if you get a black box warning and the second is without that warning. If you do get a black box warning, would it be safe to assume that sales in psoriasis could something like half of what they would be if you had a clean label? And then secondly, just real quick on Line 3. When will we get the next round of important data that will inform our success outside melanoma not just Phase 3 results but also next earlier trials ongoing?
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Adam. This is Giovanni. So let me just start by saying we are increasingly confident in the potential of that program as I mentioned earlier with PDUFA date in September for psoriasis ongoing Phase 3 study citing arthritis. And then, of course, the SLE proof-of-concept readout earlier this year, together with ongoing Phase 2 studies in a number of other indications, including IBD. So the prospects for the program continue to strengthen as we go forward. We've answered that question on regulatory outcomes, specifically with respect to the label a number of times. But let me ask Chris to give you his perspective again. And then Samit will comment on the Line 3 program.
Chris Boerner: Sure. Thanks, Adam, for the question. So first, I'm not going to speculate on the black box scenario. As we've said consistently, we're going to continue to operate under the perspective of the most likely scenario and the scenario that we believe is most supported by the data, which is that decravacitinib has unique mechanism of action consistent with all of the preclinical and clinical data that we have. And so focus from a commercial standpoint, while we, of course, scenario plan various versions of a label that's going to be the operating plan that we go as the most likely case. And so we're still very much focused on leveraging the data from the two Phase 3 studies that we have that clearly show clinical data that is superior both from efficacy standpoint and safety superiority to Otezla which is the only branded oral in the market today. And given that efficacy, we believe we have a very strong case for establishing deucravacitinib as the branded oral of choice here. Launch preparations are well underway. We have a great team already in the field from a medical standpoint. The home office team has been staffed and is up and running. We're in the process of hiring the sales force. So our going position continues to be consistent with deucravacitinib as a unique mechanism of action. And we think we have the clinical profile and the team in place to deliver on establishing this product as the branded world of choice.
Samit Hirawat: So Thanks, Chris. And Adam, just on the Opdualag, because LAG-3 is obviously being developed as a fixed-dose combination with Nivolumab, we have several studies ongoing not only as BMS-sponsored trial, but also through investigator-initiated trials. And through those investigator-initiated trials, there will be continued the data that will be coming through, even including from this ASCO itself. So you will see the data continuing to come out various at conferences through either our trials or through the ICERs that are being conducted. And of course, then the Phase 3s and we'll start to read out over the coming years.
Tim Power: Sergei, can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Terence Flynn, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn: Maybe two for me. A follow-up on Opdualag. I know it's still early in the launch, but just wondering what types of patients you're seeing receive the drug? I know your initial focus was going to be on the PD-1 monotherapy setting, but is that pretty consistent? Or are you seeing broader use? And then in terms Abecma, what percentage of demand are you able to supply now? And can you help quantify how much additional supply will come on later this year?
Tim Power: Chris?
Chris Boerner: Sure. Let me start with Opdualag? So we're very pleased, as David noted, with the -- not only the approval, but the reaction from physicians has been very positive. Based on the early read that we have, and again, it's only a few weeks of data, the seeing in the marketplace is entirely aligned with our expectations. So number one profile is very well received, given the 2x improvement in PFS, the strong trend toward OS, similar safety relative to PD-1 monotherapy. So the excitement that we've seen around the profile is as we hoped and expected for this asset. Second, what physicians are playing back to us is they see using this product in the segment initially of the market that we had anticipated. Remember, first-line metastatic melanoma is a market that essentially divided into thirds. 1/3 of patients are getting dual I-O therapy, 1/3 of patients are getting PD-1 monotherapy and the 1/3 are getting targeted therapies, notably BRAF mutants. And so initial focus had been on the PD-1 monotherapy segment, and that's where physicians have begun to use the product. Now it's possible that over time, that could expand into other segments. But keep in mind that Opdivo/Yervoy has very strong presence there just given the long-term survival benefit. So we anticipate and what we're hearing right now is that the initial use is going to be in the PD-1 monotherapy as expected. With respect to Abecma, what I can tell you is that the demand continues to very strong. We have utilized every manufacturing slot that we have Abecma over the quarter. Our focus continues to be on building demand to the middle of the year in anticipation of continued strong demand for this asset over time. And remember, this is a space in which we've had a competitive agent to enter. And so we've still seen very strong demand for Abecma, which is also in line with expectations. So while I won't give specific guidance as to exactly what that ramp will look like, what I can tell you as our focus continues to be on making sure that we make more slots available for Abecma. We're in line with our expectations on being able to be in a much better position by the middle of the year.
Tim Power: Okay. Can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Dane Leone, Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Dane Leone: Two questions from me, please. Mavacamten, the premise for the acquisition MyoKardia was obviously, not adjustment of  but was largely predicated on the opportunity to develop not just in obstructive HCM, but potentially non-obstructive and have passed as well. The question we've been getting a lot since the approval last night and the review of the label, no real surprises in terms of the handhold they needed to get a patient on drug and then monitor the patient while they're on drug given the pharmacodynamic and PK properties of mavacamten. But really, the discussion comes down to how an embark, which is your study that I think will read out maybe next year, can the dosage and treatment algorithm be modified to make the drug and its properties more accommodative to preserve fraction patient population or non-obstructive patient population? And should we expect to have maybe lower doses be viewed as potentially effective in those populations that might resolve some of the handful they needed for the drug? And then the second question is actually on Abecma. We will have a readout, I think, coming out the Phase 2 study. That should be fairly informative. Can you just give us your expectations of what you need to see there to feel confident moving forward in any topic here in the backdrop?
Tim Power: Thank you, Dave. Let me ask Samit to answer both of your questions.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thanks, Dave. The line was getting off, but I think I got the gist of it. So when we think about mavacamten, you very correctly said that now that the drug is approved and obstructive our intent, of course, is based on the data from the Maverick Phase 2 study and the long-term follow-up from there. We are initiating the Phase 3 program later this year in non-obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Now of course  study is a small Phase 2 study, which is a proof-of-concept trial looking at a dose of 2.5 days up to 5 milligrams dose. And that data when we have the proof of concept, we'll then open the door for future indication expansion to . At that time, we'll be able to have a decision around what dose and how to manage the overall profile in terms of dosing these patients in that indication. So more to come as the data evolves, and we understand it better the application of this medicine in that disease.
Chris Boerner: For cendakimab, we have two studies that are ongoing, as you know, with a Phase 3 study in estophilic esophagitis. And then, of course, as you said, later this year, we'll see the data from the atopic dermatitis. Now that is the field where understood quite well because of the competition that is out there and the data that are out there. So the data that needs to evolve from the Phase 2 study needs us to be in a place where we can ultimately understand the applicability of this drug and the population that it should be used. So again, let's wait and watch. When the data evolves, we'll be able to discuss that and give more specifics if those needs are significant and clinically meaningful to go into Phase 3 studies.
Tim Power: Sergei, can we go to the next one? Can we go the next question, please? Sergei, can you hear us? Not sure if you can hear us. Sergei, we're here if you can.
Operator: Excuse the interruption. Shall we move on, on the next question?
Tim Power: Yes, please.
Operator: Yes. Go ahead.
Tim Power: We're out of time at this point. Maybe we should wrap up the call, Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. I'm sorry for the last minute issue. Let me just thank you all again for joining our call. And obviously, our teams are available to answer any additional questions you may have. So in conclusion, let me just say we're really pleased with the two approvals this quarter, the continued progress we've made with our pipeline and our strong commercial performance. That makes me really confident in our ability to continue to execute, but we are very well positioned for growth. And I just want to thank our employees for the continued hard work and dedication. With that, we'll close the call. And again, Tim, Nina and the rest of the team remain available for answering any additional question you may have. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2021 Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.  At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Power: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.  Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development.  As you'll note, we posted slides to bms.com that you can follow along with for Giovanni and David's remarks. And before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statement.  During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change.  We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on bms.com.  And with that, I'll now hand over to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Let's start with our fourth quarter performance on Slide 4. I'm pleased to report we delivered another strong quarter, building on our very good performance throughout 2021. Our commercial results were strong across the portfolio with robust performance in our continuing business, driven by Eliquis and accelerated growth for Opdivo as well as continued demand growth for our new products.  The launch of Zeposia in ulcerative colitis is progressing well in the U.S., and we obtained European approval during the quarter. We are pleased with continued demand growth for Reblozyl in ESA refractory MDS and transfusion-dependent beta-thal. And our cell therapies, Breyanzi and Abecma, continue to see significant demand while we remain focused on broadening supply and expanding indications over time.  We are advancing our strategy and delivered key pipeline milestones in the fourth quarter. This enables us to help more patients, accelerate the renewal of our portfolio and support our growth outlook. Let me highlight some key achievements.  We submitted applications for the deucravacitinib in the U.S., EU and Japan, which position us well to grow our presence in immunology. We are excited about the potential of the deucravacitinib as the oral standard of care in moderate to severe psoriasis and various other autoimmune diseases.  We are expanding our cardiovascular portfolio and presented exciting data at AHA for Milvexian, which we see as the next-generation anti-thrombotic with a $5 billion-plus non-risk-adjusted revenue opportunity.  We presented important updates at ASH on our hematology pipeline. This includes encouraging data for iberdomide and 480, our exciting new multiple myeloma CELMoD agents. These have the potential to replace Revlimid and Pomalyst over time.  Importantly, the TRANSFORM data for Breyanzi in second-line B-cell lymphoma showed practice-changing benefit compared to the current standard of care. We continue to see Breyanzi as one of the key growth drivers for the company with over $3 billion in non-risk-adjusted revenue potential.  Our strong execution helped drive solid financial performance in the fourth quarter. We reported 8% sales growth and double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth. Our strong cash flow and financial strength provide us with significant financial flexibility. This enables us to continue prioritizing disciplined business development opportunities while paying down debt and expanding shareholder distributions.  We also introduced our 2022 guidance last month, and I'll let David speak to the details in a moment. What's important is that we are guiding to growth this year, with low double-digit growth from our continuing business, more than offsetting the Revlimid revenue impact from generics in the U.S. and internationally.  Turning to our 2021 execution scorecard on Slide 5. At the beginning of last year, I outlined a number of milestones that we believed would be important to our future, including opportunities to renew our portfolio and grow our business during the decade. I am pleased to report we've made great progress. We returned Opdivo's growth, successfully launched multiple new products and produced key expansion data sets for several assets. This record of execution across the company further strengthens my confidence in our ability to continue to renew our portfolio and grow in the future.  We know we must remain focused on advancing our pipeline to accelerate the renewal of our portfolio. And on Slide 6, you can see there are multiple catalysts ahead during 2022. The 2022 milestones include expected approvals and launches for 3 exciting first-in-class medicines: Mavacamten, deucravacitinib and relatlimab. We believe that all of this have the potential to further strengthen the commercial opportunity for our new product portfolio and support our growth outlook. We expect that each of these assets has at least $4 billion of revenue potential at the end of the decade on a non-risk-adjusted basis. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress throughout the year.  Looking to the future, Slide 7 summarizes our perspective of how all of this comes together to support the growth of the company moving forward. We expect the growth in our continuing business will enable us to more than offset key LOEs through 2025, with continued growth of our in-line brands and $10 billion to $13 billion of additional sales expected from our new product portfolio.  In the second half of the decade, with a broad and expanding product portfolio, we will have multiple paths to achieving our growth objective from 2025 to 2029. As we've said, we expect more than $25 billion in non-risk-adjusted revenue potential from the current new product portfolio in '29, with additional contributions coming from our pipeline, including assets like Milvexian and our exciting CELMoD agents.  As we continue our journey to renew our business and grow through the impact of LOEs starting this year, I'm increasingly excited about the future of Bristol-Myers Squibb. With that, I'll turn it over to David to walk you through the financials. David?
David Elkins: Thank you, Giovanni, and thank you all for joining our call today. I'd like to start with our strong top line performance on Slide 9. We closed out the year with another great quarter across our key franchises. Revenues grew high single digits versus prior year, which was driven primarily by increased demand for our in-line and new product portfolios.  Now let's turn to some product specifics, starting with Eliquis on Slide 10. Eliquis continued to deliver extraordinary growth, with global sales up 20% for both the fourth quarter and the full year. In the U.S., fourth quarter sales increased 22% versus prior year, driven primarily by total prescription growth of 13%. Internationally, Eliquis sales growth continues to be driven by increased share across all key markets, and the brand remains the #1 OAC in multiple countries.  Looking forward, the growth outlook for Eliquis remains strong as we continue to grow the oral anticoagulant class and increase our share within the class. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2021 did experience a onetime favorable true-up in the U.S. of approximately $160 million that will not repeat in Q1 of '22.  Moving to Opdivo's performance on Slide 11. We are very pleased with the accelerated momentum, growing 11% globally versus prior year. This is driven by strong demand, particularly for our new launch indications.  In the U.S., fourth quarter revenues were strong, up 16% versus prior year. Growth was primarily attributable to demand in metastatic indications, including first-line lung, first-line renal and first-line gastric cancers as well as adjuvant indications with the approvals of adjuvant esophageal and adjuvant bladder cancers in 2021.  Internationally, fourth quarter revenues grew 5% versus prior year, driven largely by demand for new indications and expanded access primarily in emerging markets. More broadly, we continue to see uptake of our new launches in lung and renal cancer in Germany and Japan. And we secured reimbursement in Italy and Spain in the fourth quarter. As we look forward, we continue to expect further growth for Opdivo as we secure additional reimbursement for recent approvals. We're in a strong position to continue to grow Opdivo and look forward to additional approvals this year and in the years ahead.  Now let's turn to our IMiD portfolio on Slide 12, starting with Revlimid. Fourth quarter revenues grew 1% globally versus prior year and grew 6% for the full year with sales of approximately $12.8 billion. As we enter into the first year of generic entry for Revlimid, I want to remind everyone of our expectations for Revlimid sales in 2022 and beyond. We expect Revlimid sales of $9.5 billion to $10 billion in 2022. Of these sales, we expect roughly 75% to come from the U.S. and the remaining from ex U.S. markets.  As we think about generic entry this year, we expect sales variability quarter-to-quarter based on the timing of how generic competitors fulfill their annual volumes. For the first quarter, our best projection for global Revlimid sales is approximately $2.5 billion. Beyond '22 through 2025, although there's still uncertainty due to ongoing litigation, we view an annual stepdown of roughly $2 billion to $2.5 billion per year as a reasonable projection.  Now on to Pomalyst. Global sales in the fourth quarter were up 2%. Sales were primarily driven by demand for triple-based therapies in ex U.S. markets and fewer selling days in the U.S. We continue to expect growth for Pomalyst as treatments move to earlier lines of therapy and more triplet-based therapies are approved with longer duration of treatment. As it relates to U.S. IP for Pomalyst, we are pleased that there is now no outstanding litigation. At this point, we don't expect generic entry in the U.S. market prior to the first quarter of 2026.  Now let's move on to our new product portfolio on Slide 13. We are very pleased with the momentum and feedback we're receiving on our new product portfolio. These products contributed over $350 million in the fourth quarter and $1.1 billion for the full year.  Let me provide some color on each launch individually, starting with Reblozyl, which generated global revenues of just over $550 million in 2021, more than doubling its revenues over last year. In the U.S., full year sales grew 87% versus prior year, primarily due to continued demand in ESA refractory MDS patients.  Demand continued to grow in the fourth quarter. Sequentially, revenue was impacted by onetime favorable inventory build in the third quarter of approximately $20 million to $25 million. Our focus remains on treating new patients earlier in their treatment journey upon ESA failure as well as ensuring physicians titrate the patients up to receive the appropriate dose for sustained benefit.  Internationally, we continue to launch in additional countries and expect to continue to do so in 2022, helping more patients and driving additional growth for the brand.  Now moving to our cell therapy launches, Abecma and Breyanzi. Abecma generated revenues of $164 million since its launch in May of last year. Revenues reflect very strong demand for the first-ever BCMA cell therapy. As noted in the past, demand continues to be very robust, and we're working hard to expand capacity. We expect first quarter revenues to be largely similar to the fourth quarter.  Turning to our CD19 cell therapy, Breyanzi. Physicians continue to recognize Breyanzi's best-in-class profile for relapsed/refractory patients. We look forward to moving Breyanzi up the treatment paradigm in the second-line setting with remarkable EFS data presented from our TRANSFORM study at ASH. And we look forward to bringing this treatment to second-line patients in the U.S. this year.  Now moving to Zeposia. Global sales for the year were $134 million, primarily driven by our multiple sclerosis indication. In the U.S., the MS launch continues to go well. Zeposia remains the leading S1P in written prescriptions, and we remain focused on establishing Zeposia not only as the S1P of choice, but also the oral treatment of choice.  We continue to be pleased with the progress we have made on patient conversion, with significant decrease in time to commercial therapy. Our early UC launch is continuing to gain traction with a leading share of voice and increased overall volume. Physicians are responding well to the profile, and we're encouraged by their intent to prescribe. We are working on building volume and growing access and reimbursement. We expect to have increased contribution from UC in the second half of this year and expanding in 2023.  Internationally, Zeposia continues to gain momentum in MS as the product gets additional reimbursement in more markets and benefited from certain year-end stocking. We are very pleased with the recent EMA approval of UC in December and look forward to securing access and reimbursement for this indication to drive further growth for the brand.  Lastly, on Onureg the U.S., we continue to make progress on establishing the product for patients with complete remission following intensive chemotherapy. Our focus remains on shaping the maintenance segment and increasing adoption and patient adherence.  Overall, I'm pleased with our new product portfolio performance and look forward to 3 additional approvals expected this year. We are launch-ready for relatlimab and mavacamten with PDUFA dates in March and April, and we're on track for deucravacitinib's launch in September.  Now switching gears to our fourth quarter P&L on Slide 14. Having just covered sales performance, let me walk you through a few non-GAAP key line items. Operating expenses increased versus prior quarter due to timing of MS&A investments that shifted from -- to the fourth quarter, as noted in October. MS&A decreased versus prior year due to some incremental and accelerated investments to support our business in 2020. The fourth quarter effective tax rate was impacted by earnings mix. And as a result, the strong performance in the quarter, non-GAAP EPS increased approximately 25% year-over-year.  Moving to the balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 15. We continue to generate a significant amount of cash from operations with approximately $4 billion in the fourth quarter. We ended the quarter in a strong liquidity position with approximately $17 billion in cash and marketable securities. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. Business development remains our top priority to further renew and diversify our portfolio. And we are also focused on reducing debt and returning capital to shareholders.  We have executed several business development deals last year, bringing in differentiated early stage assets. We have the financial strength to be size-agnostic, but we are particularly interested in early science and midsized bolt-on deals.  As it relates to debt. In 2021, we reduced gross debt by over $6 billion and remain committed to maintaining a strong investment-grade credit rating.  Lastly, as it relates to returning capital to shareholders, we recently grew the dividend by over 10%, which was our 13th consecutive increase. Additionally, we increased our share repurchase authorization by $15 billion and plan to execute a $5 billion ASR this quarter.  Now turning to our 2022 non-GAAP guidance at current exchange rates on Slide 16. As announced last month, we expect '22 revenues to be approximately $47 billion, representing low single-digit growth over 2021. Growth from our continuing business will more than offset the revenue impact from Revlimid and Abraxane LOEs. We expect key LOE brand sales to be approximately $10.5 billion. And our continuing business, which represents our in-line and new product portfolios, is expected to grow low-double digit and contribute approximately $36.5 billion.  As it relates to our line item guidance for the year. We expect our gross margin to be approximately 78% and our total operating expenses to be in line with 2021 expenses, and we project our tax rate to be approximately 16.5%.  Finally, also communicated earlier this year, we expect non-GAAP EPS to grow faster than sales and be between $7.65 and $7.95. As it relates to our share count, I'd like to provide a little color as we plan to execute the $5 billion ASR. We ended the year with approximately 2.2 billion diluted shares outstanding. We will be executing the ASR later this quarter, which means we will get a majority, but not all of the benefit on diluted share count this year.  Lastly, given this is the first quarter of generic entry for Revlimid, we thought it would be helpful to provide some perspective on revenue for the first quarter. In addition to the approximately $2.5 billion of Revlimid sales I mentioned previously, we are projecting total global first quarter sales to range from $11 billion to $11.5 billion.  So before I turn it over to question and answer, I just want to thank our teams around the world for delivering these remarkable results in 2021. These results and our guidance for 2022 demonstrate the financial strength of the business and the renewal of our portfolio, which positions us well for long-term growth.  I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.
Timothy Power: Thanks, David. Alan, can we go to our first question, please?
Operator: Certainly, sir. We'll go first to Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim.
Seamus Fernandez: So first question is just on your factor XI. Just wanted to check in on timing of the potential update from your Phase II study.  And just wanted to get a sense of where your expectations are. As we've spoken with thought leaders in the space, the hope is that the increase in the dosing or the stepped-up dosing would result in no bleeding increase, but with roughly a 15%, potentially 20% benefit, on stroke. How does that sort of fit with your expectations? And can you guys help us understand a little bit better the opportunity to open up this potentially new market and how you see the size of the opportunity should that profile be achieved? And do you agree with those views?  And then second, just on your -- we just had the filing of the Cytokinetics competitor compound. Can you just talk a little bit about the competitive landscape as you think about the opportunity for mavacamten versus other competitor compounds?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Seamus. This is Samit. I'll take both of those questions. So for factor XIa, as we have talked about, the second Phase II study, which is in secondary stroke prevention, we expect to have the data in-house around the middle of the year. And at the appropriate conference, we will be able to share that data beyond that. And we're continuing to work with our partner, Janssen, to really execute on the future development of Milvexian.  As your question related to what the data would show and what the acceptance and availability would be and applicability would be from a bleed perspective or efficacy perspective, I think you just have to wait to see the data.  The primary goal for these studies is to be able to isolate what the impact is on the bleed as we look to combine it with the background therapies of anti-platelet agents as well as to then progress them further into appropriate indications, either as a single agent or as combinations. So we just have to wait for the data.  But as we saw in the TKR study, there was no increase in the bleeds. But we certainly saw increase as a dose -- in a dose-dependent manner from an efficacy perspective. So let's wait for the middle of the year to see the data, and then we'll define the future trajectory for the development of that.  Coming on to the mavacamten and the competitor compound. We remain very focused and very confident in the data for mavacamten. As you know, we are launch-ready, as David spoke earlier, for the PDUFA date coming up soon. And as it relates to the additional data, we are waiting for the readout of the VALOR trial as well in the short time frame.  Now of course, we've seen the small amount of data that has been talked about from, I think, 13 patients looking now at a different cohort in combination with disopyramide. Certainly, we, in our EXPLORER trial, have looked at the commonly used background therapies of beta blockers and calcium channel blockers. In the VALOR trial, we do have patients who are going to be receiving the background therapy of disopyramide as well. So we do not see a differentiated profile at this time from a competitor perspective. We certainly are confident that we already have a Phase III trial that has been submitted and the second Phase III trial that is going to read out in the short term.
Christopher Boerner: The only thing I would add, Seamus, is just on mava. As we've discussed previously, the current standards of care for these patients really aren't focused on targeting the underlying nature of the disease. So we feel good about the competitive environment when we launch. And as Samit mentioned, we don't see any differentiated competition on the horizon.  And certainly, based on the public data that we've seen thus far from competitors, it's entirely consistent with what would be expected from a myosin inhibitor. And so we feel very good about the competitive position for this agent and look forward to launching.
Operator: We'll go to Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Christopher Schott: Just to maybe follow up on mavacamten. Can you just help set some expectations about how we should be thinking about the launch here? I guess, is this a product, given the current standard of care, where there could be kind of a bolus of already identified patients you could go after? Or should we be thinking about maybe a more gradual ramp as you to need get -- we think about reimbursement and familiarizing physicians with whatever REMS program ends up coming out of this one?  And then my second question was just an update on CAR T capacity. Just walk through a little bit about how you're expecting capacity to ramp as we move through 2022. And I guess when will you be in a position where capacity, I guess, is not the rate-limiting factor for the growth of these products?
Christopher Boerner: Sure, Chris. I'll take both of those questions. With respect to mava and how we think about the shape of the opportunity, I would think about it as more of a gradual opportunity. When we look at the way this launch will likely progress, it's very much going to be in a stepwise fashion. We expect that there will be strong interest in treating the most severe patients, particularly in the centers of excellence where these patients are being treated today. That's going to be the initial focus. Beyond this, we'll expand our focus to cardiology specialists and into the broader cardiology community, where uptake is just going to be more gradual.  And one other thing I would say about -- as we think about really all of these segments, we have an educational effort on that will be initiated at launch as to how physicians should initiate and treat these patients. And certainly, there will be a focused effort to get patients on therapy quickly. But just those efforts in and of themselves will take some amount of time.  The good news is we have a very strong team with an established presence in this space. We have a very good drug. So we feel very good about the long-term potential for the asset. And that stepwise approach that I articulated really is in line with the overall opportunity of $4-plus billion that we see for this asset.  Moving to cell therapy supply constraints. As we've said previously, the supply constraints that we're seeing right now are mainly related to Abecma. And our efforts are really focused on working with CMOs to accelerate capacity for vector. And then internally, we're focused on flat capacity. And there are a number of things across both of these efforts that we're focused on, including training and qualifying new staff, increasing our operational efficiency and increasing site capacity.  On Abecma, we would anticipate being in a much better position for supply as we get into the middle of this year.  And then as it relates to Breyanzi, Breyanzi, the big focus there is on vector supply. It's something we continue to stay focused on. And we fully -- we expect to be in a position to support demand as we get later into this year and certainly by the time that we would have any label expansions for that product.
Operator: So next, we'll go to Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: For some of the new launches, are there any metrics you guys can provide that show the wins in access and reimbursement? Mostly talking about cell therapies and Zeposia.  The bigger picture, is just trying to assess the tipping point for this year potentially for the launches collectively versus what we saw last year, which was a lot of lumpiness on a kind of a sequential basis.  And then the second question real quick on deucravacitinib. I know there's been a lot of angst about the potential for differentiating labels versus JAKs. I just want -- now that we have clarity on the latter, just wanted to get maybe an updated view from you guys on that.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Maybe I'll start, Geoff. Thanks for the question. So as we look at access really across all of these launches, we feel very good about where we are from an access standpoint.  And I'll start with cell therapy. Cell therapy actually, I think, is a very, very good story. We've seen no issues with respect to access constraints for our cell therapy launches. We've discussed the supply constraints. But the launches have gone off really without a hitch from a supply -- from an access standpoint. And in fact, if you look at the class of agents more generally, if you go back a couple of years, as you well know, access and reimbursement were significant areas of concerns. And I would say largely for the class of agents, we've been trending in the right direction. But we see no issues on our cell therapy assets.  As we switch gears and you mentioned Zeposia, obviously, the focus is on UC. But very quickly on MS, I feel very good about the access position there. We have very broad coverage in MS, so really not a significant concern on the MS side.  In UC, we've been very clear that we have to execute a diligent effort around access over the course of this year. What I can say coming into 2022 is we have very broad formulary coverage for Zeposia. Now how restrictive that formulary coverage is, it varies by plan. And for the course of this year, for those patients with less restricted access, the focus is going to be on converting those patients from starter or bridge programs to commercial drug, and do so very quickly. For patients with more restricted access, which unsurprisingly for our first full year in the market, most patients have multiple step edits, the focus is going to be on working through those restrictions, and that's going to take more time.  What I can say, though, in any case, is that on Zeposia, we're continuing to build volume over the course of this year. The plan has been and continues to be to then leverage that volume to move Zeposia into an earlier access position as we head into 2023, and we're very much on track to do that.
Samit Hirawat: And Geoff, I'll take on the question around deucravacitinib. So let me start by saying that we are obviously not going to speculate on the label for what we will see. But we certainly remain very confident in the efficacy and the safety profile that we've talked about before. And we are looking forward to the PDUFA date in September.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Steve Scala with Cowen.
Stephen Scala: I have a couple of questions. Opdivo was a bit weak in Q4, similar to what we've seen from some of your competitors. Diagnoses still appear to be pressured despite fewer COVID-related shutdowns. Are there any other reasons for weak oncology numbers? And what is the outlook for recovery? So that's the first question.  The second question is for Samit. Samit, do you or anyone else at Bristol know the total number of stroke and bleeding events in the Milvexian stroke study to date. So both arms combined, not each one. And if yes, how are those total stroke and bleeding events trending to what you expected?
Christopher Boerner: Maybe I'll start, Steve. With respect to -- let me just say at the outset, with respect to Opdivo, we're actually very happy with the performance we saw for Opdivo in the quarter. As David and Giovanni mentioned, we saw a return to growth for Opdivo and actually saw an acceleration of Opdivo in the latter half of the year.  As it relates to COVID, we have generally seen some improvement in a number of markets. But as you would imagine, the situation remains quite dynamic. As it relates to I-O specifically, new patient volume has been gradually recovering. Though I would say, where we sit today, we're roughly 5% to 10% below pre-COVID levels in terms of patient volume. There's just a considerable amount of variability across tumor types as well as in academic versus community. But on net, it's about 5% to 10% below where we were pre-COVID.  Our hope in terms of the outlook is that we'll continue to see an improvement over the course of the year. If the pandemic has taught us anything, it's that we're going to have to continue to be flexible and agile. What I can say definitively is that the impact will likely vary by product and market. From our standpoint, I think we've shown our business is resilient, and our ability to really through the pandemic. And I think we've demonstrated an ability to execute. But sort of if you level it up, it's still a dynamic situation, and one we'll watch carefully.
Samit Hirawat: And on the Milvexian trial, Steve. The study is ongoing, and we will not be talking about data, whether it's a pooled analysis or unblinded. We'll just have to wait for the data. And as I said earlier, we will be presenting the data at the appropriate conference. Really looking forward to it though.
Operator: So next, we'll go to Chris Shibutani with Goldman Sachs.
Chris Shibutani: If I could ask a question about the immuno-oncology franchise, maybe more medium to longer term. There's a couple of dynamics that are happening. One, I think we have a PDUFA coming up in March for the LAG-3 combination fixed dose. Anything that you could share in terms of how you're thinking about positioning this so that you have success commercially, given the anticipation for competition, not just from other players, but also from other regimens, like TIGIT?  Could you also comment, with a combination of data from bempeg plus Opdivo, which I believe could be in the second quarter time frame. The economics are distinct there. However, help us at all with progress and time lines, that would be appreciated.  And then finally, on the I-O, we see potential for the entry of lower-cost checkpoint inhibitors, PD-1s. Can you share with us your initial thoughts at this stage about how you see that influencing the market dynamics for checkpoint inhibitors and I-O?
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Maybe I'll start and I'll hit your first and third question. We're very pleased with the opportunity to potentially launch relatlimab. As we've said, if you look at the first-line metastatic melanoma market, it's really divided into thirds. You've got 1/3 of patients who are treated with dual I-O, that's Opdivo plus Yervoy. that's a very strong positon, given the sustained OS benefit that we have with that population. You have about 1/3 of patients who are treated with I-O monotherapy, roughly split between Opdivo and KEYTRUDA 50-50. And then you have 1/3 of the market which is really focused on targeted therapies.  We see the opportunity for relatlimab to really go after that 1/3 of the market, which is single agent PD-1 therapy. We think that the data are very compelling relative to that population. Remember that relatlimab is 2 products in 1 vial. And so we think the opportunity to offer those patients dual I-O therapy in a fixed-dose combination offers a significant improvement over single-agent monotherapy, and that's going to be the initial focus at launch.  As it relates to your question on low-cost entries of PD-1 agents. We don't see a significant threat to our business in the near to medium term from these products. We -- in our larger markets, like the U.S., evidence continues to be the most important dimension of choice. Physicians want to see data in a specific tumor and patient type. And so there may be markets where these sort of low-cost me-too drugs are able to piggyback on innovation and drive use, but those historically have not been our larger markets.  Obviously, things can evolve and we'll continue to monitor and adjust as necessary. But I think as a sort of put a finer point on it, we shouldn't underestimate the barriers to sort of broad-based commoditization in oncology, particularly for a product like Opdivo, given the breadth of our data and indications.
Samit Hirawat: And Chris, on the bempeg side, just as a reminder, there are 3 readouts that we anticipate this year, 1 in melanoma, 1 in renal cancer and 1 in bladder cancer. The first of it, as you very well pointed out, is in melanoma. We are anticipating the data within the first half of this year.  With that said, we are certainly very pleased to have 3 I-O mechanism already, as an PD-1 as well as CTLA-4. And then anticipating the PDUFA and launch for relatlimab, as you also mentioned earlier. And we're looking forward to continuing work with Nektar in progressing the program as the data continues to evolve.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Adam  on behalf of Tim. On mavacamten, you've described this as being a $4 billion-plus product by 2029. It seems that there are 2 main drivers of this. One of which is that the forecast assumes a tripling of diagnosis rates for OHCM, going from about 25% today to 75% in the future. And the second is the mention of NHCM and other indications.  My question is twofold. How realistic is it to expect a tripling of diagnosis rates?  And second, what portion of the $4 billion is due to NHCM and other indications that you have not talked about as much?  Separately, can we assume that an FDA Advisory Committee meeting is unlikely with this drug before approval happens?
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Maybe I'll take both of those questions, and then -- or at least the first 2 questions. So Adam, with respect to how we thought about mava, first of all, this is a market where we see a fairly well-defined patient population. There are about 80,000 to 100,000 patients in the U.S. and roughly a comparable number ex U.S. We see significant unmet need for this patient population. And the initial focus at launch is going to be focused on treating those patients who are symptomatic, diagnosed, and where there's a real urgency to treat.  Now what we have said is that, over the longer term with obstructive HCM, the focus will be on increasing the diagnosis rate. What we have said is that we plan on, where we think it's feasible, to double that diagnosis rate. It is currently, as you note, about 25%. And we think, with significant efforts, which we certainly have the skill set in the field to do, we think we can double that over time. So that's how we're looking at it.  And in terms of the overall opportunity, the majority of the opportunity that we see is in obstructive disease. But certainly, we are looking forward to potentially seeing data in nonobstructive as well.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. And on the ADCOM question, Adam, we have not been notified for a potential ADCOM. We do believe in the strong profile of mavacamten and benefit it provides in patients that we have enrolled in clinical trials for obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. And we are now looking to launch, as you know, in April of 2022, as Chris said.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew Baum: A couple of questions. So first on Milvexian. I'm mindful of the dose-dependent interaction of aspirin with Plavix. You have a number of trials ongoing and completed looking at potential drug interactions with Milvexian. Perhaps you could comment on level of reassurance in terms of either interaction with anti-platelets or commonly administered drugs in this patient population.  And then second, you've already highlighted the Q1 -- inflation in 2021 for Eliquis. Perhaps you could talk more generally to the trends, particularly for U.S. Eliquis growth for 2022. I seem to remember that you've been excluded from 1 of the big 3 formularies. I'm assuming that pricing will offset volume. But if you can talk to what we expect for this year, and that would be helpful.
Samit Hirawat: So I will start off, Andrew. Thank you for your questions. And for Milvexian, as you know, that we have, first of all, the study ongoing already with anti-platelet agents in the SSP, so we'll get to see that data when that reads out.  In terms of the other drug-drug interaction studies, that is part and parcel of usual clinical pharmacology package that we prepare in anticipation of future filings and NDA. At the current time, we do not see any major impact or anything major in terms of BDI.
Christopher Boerner: Yes. On the Eliquis questions, first of all, we're very happy with the performance that we saw with Eliquis, obviously, coming out of the fourth quarter. And then this year, we expect continued strong growth for Eliquis. Eliquis is going to likely going to be the key driver of the overall OAC market. We're seeing a nice delta in share between our new-to-brand share and total brand share, which is roughly around 7% now. That gives us confidence in the near-term growth trajectory. And we really do expect to see Eliquis NBRx and TRx share growth this year, both at the expense of warfarin and Xarelto.  As it relates to the zinc situation, we see no meaningful impact on revenue. There are a few things to consider here. First, it's a relatively small part of our overall business. You certainly won't lose all of the volume. What we know in this space is that there's significant risk for nonmedical switching of patients who are on Eliquis. We know also that downstream accounts, in light of that, many of them will not adhere to the change that's been proposed at a macro level. And so we're actually very confident that the impact of revenue will be nonmaterial, if any.  And the last thing I would say just related to that situation is we've said consistently that we're going to continue to be disciplined on gross to nets and how we manage those, and this is part of that story.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Ronny Gal with Bernstein.
Aaron Gal: First, just following up on Andrew's question. Can you talk a little bit about the benefit from 340 switch, especially from Eliquis? It seems to -- the net prices, Eliquis and 340B was close to nothing. And given the volume estimates that we are seeing, it should be a pretty good benefit for them this year. Can you talk about that?  And second, Orencia. It seems to be growing together with the RA market. It seems to be in a position to grow better, given the JAK inhibitor safety issues. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing and what's your projection for 2022?
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Let me -- Giovanni, do you want to start?
Samit Hirawat: Go ahead, Chris.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. So on 340B, let me just say, at a macro level, we remain committed to ensuring the eligibility of patients for 340B, those patients who can directly benefit from the program. And what I would say, there's really no change in our stance with respect to 340B as it relates to the program. We're committed to it, and we're committed to patients maintaining access to our medicine.  The change that we announced really was reflective of 2 things: First, BMS and Celgene having different policies around the recognition of contract pharmacies and needing to align those as part of integration; and then second, wanting to ensure that the 340B discounts that we pay are valid and appropriate, and we feel this change in policy allows us to do that. And so that's really been the focus for how we think about the 340B program.  And then do you mind repeating your second question again?
Aaron Gal: It would be great if you can quantify -- hello? It will be great if you can quantify the 340B impact.  And the second question was around Orencia trends and the potential to benefit from the JAK inhibitors black box label.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. We're not going to comment on any impact of 340B. Again, I think we've given the rationale for having made that change.  As it relates to Orencia, look, Orencia continues to perform well in the RA market. The way we've thought about any potential change from a label update on JAK as it relates to Orencia or, frankly, any of our products, is that those changes will likely continue to push JAKs into later lines of therapy as they are -- as labels are updated and their position continues to evolve. So we think there's potentially opportunity.  That said, I think our focus on, really, all of our products continues to execute against the strategy that we have, for those assets to continue to compete effectively in those markets. And obviously, we'll allow the situation with JAKs to evolve as they do.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Luisa Hector with Berenberg.
Luisa Hector: Just wanted to discuss a little bit more on the '22 outlook and the impact of Revlimid. So I just wondered if there are any particular risks you would highlight around the delivery of your sales target. Anything, just anything of note. And I guess really to confirm the pace of the Revlimid erosion is pretty predictable, so just checking on levels of uncertainty.  And then specifically around how you are adapting to Revlimid generic entry in terms of your cost base. Any color around that, given that you have the ongoing presence in multiple myeloma. So just trying to understand kind of the cost side of it.
David Elkins: Yes. Thanks for the question, Luisa. As we think about Revlimid, we thought it was important this year, #1, to provide guidance on the full year. And secondly, we thought it was really important to provide guidance on the quarter. And I'd say one thing is that these are -- the contracts are annual volume limitations. So as the generics enter, it's all -- there could be quarter-to-quarter variability based upon how quickly the product makes it to the marketplace. So that's why we thought it was important to provide that.  The first generic entry is occurring in March, so there could be variability between the first and second quarter. And then the rest -- remainder of the generics will come usually about 180 days later, it's pretty typical in a generic entry scenario, so that would be in the September time frame. But for the full year, we feel very confident in the guidance that we provided for the full year as it relates to Revlimid.  As far as the expense base is concerned, I mean, this is a really fortunate thing for us. And the standpoint is, if you think about the 9 products that we're bringing to the marketplace, the 6 that are on the market and the 3 that we're launching this year, we're able to move resources within our therapeutic areas and reallocate the resources to the launch brands. So as you think about our hematology sales force, being able to move those resources out of Revlimid and into like cell therapy with the Breyanzi and Abecma, we're able to use existing resources to support this launch brands and maintain our cost base where we are. So -- and that's why we provided the guidance on operating expenses as we did.
Giovanni Caforio: Luisa, this is Giovanni. Let me just make another comment there. You mentioned about our level of confidence. David referenced Revlimid. Let me just say this is an important year for us because, obviously, it's the first year in which there will be generics of Revlimid. And what I'm really pleased of is the fact that we've got strong momentum with in-line business. We are making great progress with the launch brands that are already on the market. We're looking forward to 3 important approvals.  And this year, as you know, we've guided to growth, both in terms of our revenue base, but also in terms of earnings per share. So I think that's a clear demonstration that we are confident in the ability to grow though the loss of exclusivity of Revlimid this year and over the next few years, just because of the strength and resilience of the underlying business and the fact that we are accelerating the transition of our portfolio into new brands.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Evan Seigerman with BMO.
Evan Seigerman: I'd like to dive a little bit more on the investigational CELMoDs, understanding Revlimid's going on generic. What do you need to show with these clinical trials to help maybe replace Revlimid and pomalidomide in the treatment landscape?  And kind of how do you think about progressing those in clinical trials? Understanding that you have the standard of care with your current assets.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Evan, for the question. From a CELMoD perspective, the way we are thinking about development, and as we continue forward, we've generated the data in the late lines looking at the combination of iberdomide plus dexamethasone and CC-480 plus dexamethasone. And we have early data in triplets as well looking at combinations with VELCADE, dexamethasone as well as CD38 antibodies and dexamethasone, et cetera.  As you will see later this year, we are initiating a Phase III trial of iberdomide plus VELCADE plus dexamethasone, comparing to -- sorry, iberdomide, daratumumab, dexamethasone comparing to dexamethasone; as well as VELCADE and CD38 antibody. So that's the first foray into the second-line plus patient population for the CELMoD.  The other trials that you will see in the short while coming up will be the Phase III trials of CC-480 looking to replace pomalidomide, and that would be a head-to-head comparison versus pomalidomide combinations.  And in 2022 -- sorry, 2023 and beyond, you will see trials of iberdomide looking into the post-transplant maintenance head-to-head comparison versus Revlimid; as well as the newly diagnosed patients who are transplant-non-eligible, to again, replace Revlimid in the first line or front setting.  Those are the ways we are thinking about as we think about replacement of the current image. But let me also ask Chris to comment on the commercial perspective.
Christopher Boerner: Yes, I think you've covered most of it, Samit. It's going to be important, as Samit noted, to generate data that differentiates directly from the IMiDs. There's obviously going to be a focus to address areas of IMiD unmet need, whether it's renal impairment or a look at potentially other populations where IMiD's underperformed. And then ultimately, from a commercial standpoint, we're going to need to establish a strong value proposition versus generic, but all of that will be part of the plan.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Carter Gould with Barclays.
Carter Gould: I wanted to focus a little bit on the GI immunology portfolio. Last year, after the Phase II UC data sort of was disappointing, you guys talked about an additional study in UC. That's no longer sort of on your slide in terms of catalysts for '23 and -- '22 and '23. Are -- just any additional thoughts on that front and how you think about sort of being able to revisit UC? And if we'll be able to get an answer to that question here in '22.  And then maybe a little bit off the radar, cendakimab. We seem to sort of expand the development program there and then recently add sort of a Phase III study in Japan, so in eosinophilic gastroenteritis. Wanted to see if there were broader plans to run a pivotal study in the U.S. in that indication, and maybe how some of the other kind of competitor data in the recent history kind of maybe has shaped that viewpoint.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thanks, Carter. This is Samit again. For deucravacitinib, UC as well as Crohn's Disease, both of those Phase II studies are ongoing. As we said earlier, that we do not have a proof of concept based on the first trial that we conducted with deucrava. But there are 2 studies that are ongoing, looking at a higher dose in UC in the ongoing study. And when those data are available, we'll certainly be able to analyze those and take that program forward once we have a proof of concept. So it is not off the charts, but more about looking to generate the data to make decisions as we look forward.  For cendakimab, the U.S. study -- or the global study in eosinophilic esophagitis is already ongoing and enrolling patients as we speak. The Japan part is in addition to that, as you have already noted. So overall, the idea is to get the antibody to IL-13 into patients with eosinophilic esophagitis and look for additional indications. As you know, that we have a study ongoing in atopic dermatitis is a Phase II, and that proof of concept can then generate additional indications for further development.
Operator: Next, we'll go next to Matt Phipps with William Blair.
Matthew Phipps: You all announced positive TRANSFORM results in June a couple of weeks before a similar announcement from YESCARTA. Yet, they have a PDUFA date in April and we're still kind of waiting on the PDUFA date for Breyanzi. Are there any risks to meeting the 2022 approval milestone there?  And then, Samit, some 3 Phase IIIs of bempeg coming up this year. Do you think those have equal probability of success? Or is there one indication you think that's more likely based on where high dose IL-2 has been more effective?
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Matt, for the questions. On Breyanzi, as you know, we don't necessarily declare our filings until we have heard from the FDA from the acceptance perspective. So as time goes, we will certainly be able to share more in terms of the filing and the PDUFA dates, et cetera. And we are certainly very, very pleased with the data that we have.  As well as that Breyanzi has a large development program. So additional trials are already ongoing in CLL, follicular lymphoma as well as for additional indications in indolent NHL. We're certainly looking forward to launching the second-line indication, as Chris mentioned earlier during the call, in that indication as well, in the second line of BCL.  For bempeg, certainly, it is data dependent. We are working with Nektar as well to read out these studies in melanoma as well as in renal cell and bladder cancer. Just as a reminder, these indications were chosen based on those Phase II data that we had seen early on. But each study stands on its own, and the data will dictate how we proceed further in terms of future development.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.
Charlie Yang: This is Charlie Yang on for Matthew. First on Milvexian, can you say what amount of incremental bleeding in the stroke prevention study is acceptable clinically?  And second, can you provide more details regarding the REMS and what that would look like? So for example, how frequent might patients need to be monitored. And lastly, on Abecma, as you kind of walk through the earlier lines of therapy, can you talk about in terms of the prioritization of studies these versus commercial supply? And I guess what are the commercial opportunity relative to kind of current indication?
Samit Hirawat: Okay. I'll start off. So first of all, for Milvexian in terms of what amount of bleed is acceptable, look, it is all dependent. And certainly, we don't want to see any increase in bleed compared to the control arm. So that's how you have to compare and contrast. And we certainly have historical data from other therapies as well as how patients are treated today. So we'll have to put that into context as we look at Milvexian program. But there are no numbers that I can share today with you as to how to start looking at or projecting out those numbers.  From the REMS perspective for mavacamten, once again, we are not going to get into specifics. But as we have spoken before, what we are looking forward to is how patients are really managed in the clinic today.  We have to go back to what Chris talked about earlier, the basic mechanism of the drug for mavacamten is myosin inhibition. And we want to ensure that the patients are treated in a safe way so that we don't cause the heart to "relax" too much and decrease the ejection fraction. And that's the intent and the way the patients are currently managed on a continuous or ongoing basis, is periodic echocardiographies. So more to follow on that as we get to the PDUFA date and final approval and full package of REMS and overall NDA approval.  From an Abecma perspective, certainly, the continuous progress in looking at the data from KarMMa and then KarMMa-3 and KarMMa-2 proof-of-concept this year will dictate the further evolution in terms of the overall development program. And studies are going to be as important as commercialization.  So certainly, from a supply perspective, Chris has spoken before. But certainly, I'll ask Chris to comment further on Abecma supplies for the clinic as well as commercial.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. And maybe I'll just make one comment on the REMS program, Charlie. The way that we have approached the REMS, obviously, we knew a REMS would likely -- would be likely with this asset. We've worked very closely from a commercial standpoint with Samit's team to ensure that the nature of that REMS fits very nicely into how physicians treat patients. And so we don't anticipate that there will be any particular challenges associated with that as we go into the launch.  And I think Samit's last point is particularly relevant as it relates to Abecma, which is that the way we've approached looking at clinical and commercial supply, is that, obviously, commercial supply is critically important. But it is equally important that we continue to prosecute our development program. And we're going to continue to make those trade-offs with both of those priorities in mind.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Dane Leone with Raymond James.
Dane Leone: Two quick ones for me. Firstly, on mavacamten. We've seen biomarker data from MAVERICK that suggests the possibility of developing in nonobstructive and HFpEF. When do you think the team would be able to outline plan for plausibility of running a compelling clinical strategy in either of those indications?  And then the second question would be, when do you think we might have some emerging data from the Dragonfly collaboration on IL-12 that the oncology community seems to be pretty excited about?
Samit Hirawat: Sure. I can take both of those, Dane. Thank you. For mavacamten, we are looking forward to initiating the first Phase III study in non-obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy within 2022. And for HFpEF, the Phase II trial is now ongoing and looking forward to that proof-of-concept readout over time. And then that will dictate the future development in Phase III as well.  For Dragonfly, once again, it's an early phase development right now in Phase I, looking at single and then combination as well for our I-O platform. And as that data evolves, which we currently don't have in hand, and those will be presented at appropriate conferences as we look to the future.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Samit. I think we can maybe go to our last question, please, Alan.
Operator: Our last question will be from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo Securities.
Unidentified Analyst: This is James  on for Mohit. Just a couple of quick questions. For deucrava, I know we're exploring new doses, but will you be rerunning the lab safety analysis to differentiate or rule out any JAK-like signals? And then for the S1Ps, how is BMI -- or BMY expecting the S1P to be positioned relative to JAKs? And any thoughts on competitiveness of Zeposia relative to etrasimod?
Samit Hirawat: So let me start with deucravacitinib. So we've already got 2 Phase III studies that have read out. And those safety data are all the way with a follow-up of 52 weeks, we've already shared. And we'll to continue to evolve as we look forward. We've also looked at the data and will be part of the submissions in China and Japan for studies that have been conducted in China and Japan with longer term, 1 year follow-up.  So those are all in line with the safety profile that we have added. So we certainly do not look forward to doing additional analyses on the same data because we've conducted those. Long-term follow-ups will continue and see additional evolution. And certainly, those similar sorts of exercises of continuing to generate data at higher doses for other indications that we are studying will be evaluated when data are available.  From an S1P perspective, Chris, do you want...
Christopher Boerner: Sure, I'll take that one. So James, as I said earlier, we do expect that there's going to continue to be an evolution of JAK labeling that could continue to push those assets into later lines of therapy, if you will. From our perspective, we continue to be very happy with the profile from Zeposia, both from an efficacy, given the strong clinical remissions, as well as the clean safety profile.  Our focus Continues to be drive awareness and overall volume. There may be opportunities longer term given the evolving JAK situation. But we're going to continue to be disciplined in how we approach this launch and executing against what we need to do in order to build volume.  And with respect to differentiation against other future S1Ps in that space, again, I would just say that we're very confident in the profile that we have, and it's important that we execute effectively with the launch in UC. And that's where our commercial focus is.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Thank you, Chris. Thanks, everyone, and I appreciate you participating in the call. Let me just close by saying we're really pleased with our performance in the quarter. And much more broadly, our performance in 2021 positions us really well to deliver growth this year, in 2022, and beyond.  We have built a solid foundation, and I'm confident that, as our portfolio renewal gains traction this year, our company is well positioned to reach new heights, both for patients and shareholders. And I want to thank our employees for supporting very strong growth.  Thanks for being with us for the call. Our team remains available to ask -- to answer any additional questions you may have. And I wish all of you a good day. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank everyone again for their participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bristol Myers Squibb 2021 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Power: Thanks, Christina and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our third quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also with me for today's call are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer, and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. You'll note that we posted slides to bms.com and you can use those to follow along with David and Giovanni's remarks. But before we get started, I will read our forward-looking statements.  During today's call, we make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute Forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these Forward-looking statements. As a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's SEC filings. These Forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future dates.  We specifically disclaim any obligation to update Forward-looking statements, even for estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. And with that, I'll hand it over to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. And good morning everyone. I hope that you're all doing well. Now turning to Slide 4. I'm pleased to report a very good third quarter with solid sales growth driven by strong commercial execution and good progress in our pipeline. I'm proud of the performance of our commercial teams who dropped demand growth for our launch products and delivered solid performance of our In-Line products, including REVLIMID, Opdivo, and Eliquis. In our R&D, we're progressing the most promising assets in our pipeline for sustained growth. In the quarter, we advanced our third I-O mechanism with the fixed dose Relatlimab plus nivo accepted for priority review in the U.S., for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma.  This is an important development for the I-O Franchise and we have additional data readouts for Opdivo on the horizon. From a financial perspective, we reported sales of 11.6 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $2, with growth of 10% and 23% respectively. I'm encouraged by our results and how they position us for the rest of '21 and for the future. As a result, we are reaffirming our revenue guidance and raising the lower end of our non-GAAP EPS guidance range. Our balance sheet is strong and we continue to pursue a disciplined capital allocation strategy focused on investing in internal and external innovation opportunities.  On the IP front, we are pleased with the decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit up holding the Eliquis's IP and providing exclusivity until 2028 under existing settlements. This decision confirms our belief in the value of the science behind Eliquis and the underlying IP, protecting its innovation. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with our progress in the quarter. Turning to our execution scorecard on slide 5. At the start of the year, I laid out this scorecard with the milestones we thought would be important for us to deliver in order to successfully renew our portfolio.  The team has worked hard and I'm proud that we're making progress across the board. A number of accomplishments were included on the prior slide so I won't go through all the details. But I want to call out a few highlights here. David will provide more details in his remarks. I'll start with Deucravacitinib. Deucrava has demonstrated a compelling and differentiated profile in 2 Phase-3 studies and the oral treatment of choice in psoriasis. And is an important asset with significant potential across a number of indications, including psoriatic arthritis, where we have already initiated a Phase-3 program.  Although we did not achieve proof-of-concept in a Phase-2 study for ulcerative colitis. We're committed to advancing our promising Deucravacitinib Clinical Program in inflammatory bowel disease. Including another study for ulcerative colitis, as well as Crohn's disease, in Lupus and other immune mediated diseases. We continue to make great progress in our cell therapy franchise and we look forward to presenting the transformed data for Breyanzi. In second line, DLBCL at ASH. We're excited with the strength of this data, which have the potential to enable our cell therapy franchise to reach a broader set of patients.  And we are also looking forward to presenting data from the first Phase 2 study for vaccine, for VTE prevention in patients undergoing total knee replacement at the American Heart Association conference in a few weeks. Looking at the oral strength of execution so far, I am confident that we are on track to deliver what is required for us to renew our portfolio. Moving to Slide 6. It has been 2 years since we formed the new Bristol Myers Squibb. As I reflect on this time, we have already made great progress.  We are doing what we set out to do, delivering on the value drivers of the integration, and most importantly, establishing a strong foundation for our Company's growth, well into the future. Knowing that we face losses of exclusivity in the coming years, I recognize executing well on our multiple launches and continuing to advance our pipeline is particularly important for us. When I reflect on the last 2 years, I'm pleased on both fronts. We see strong demand for our newly-launched products and we are delivering on the promise of our pipeline, including a broadening dataset for our launch products and continuing progress with our next generation of assets, such as milvexian and iberdomide.  Our Company today is more diversified than ever before, with 4 durable franchises and the financial flexibility to continue to invest in innovation. As we recently announced, we will be hosting an investor event on November 16 in New York City to review our progress over the last 2 years, and further discuss the Company's strategy, pipeline, and business opportunities. I look forward to the meeting and I hope you will join us. in closing, we have made significant progress through this period. And I would like to thank our global teams who have maintained the focus on delivering for patients with that, I'll turn it over to David to walk you through the financials. David.
David Elkins : Thank you, Giovanni, and thank you all for joining our call today. Starting with our top-line performance on Slide 8, we had yet another strong quarter with third-quarter revenues growing double-digits versus prior year, primarily due to demand. Increased demand for our in-line brands, but as well as our new product portfolio. So let me shed some light on some of our product performance, starting with Eliquis on Slide 9. Eliquis continues to perform very strongly with global sales up 15% versus prior year. In the U.S., sales grew 18% versus prior year. Demand growth continues to be strong with total prescription growth of 14% versus last year, driven by a large class market share gains and growth in new-to-brand volumes. Sequentially, as usual, sales were impacted by the expected coverage gap liability that occurs in the third and fourth quarters each year.  We expect strong new-to-brand share growth to further translate to overall total prescription growth. Internationally, sales grew 12% versus prior - year primarily due to demand. Shares continue to increase across all key geographies and continues to rank as the number one OAC in multiple markets with additional room to grow. We remain really pleased with Eliquis' execution around the world and expect to continue to grow Eliquis' share within a growing class. Now moving to Opdivo performance on Slide 10. We are pleased with the continued momentum for the brand, with sales growth of 7% versus prior year.  In the U.S. sales grew 4% versus last year, primarily driven by uptake in first-line lung cancer and our multiple other new launches this year. And sequentially, we had demand growth of 5%, which was offset by work down a 40 million in inventory build we noted in the second quarter. Our commercial teams continued to execute well. We've retained strong positions in core indications such as melanoma and renal and are very pleased with the performance of our newer indications. Outside the U.S. we had another strong quarter with sales up 11% versus last year. Growth was primarily driven by demand for new indications and expanded access in Latin America, Turkey and Russia.  We continue to see strong update from our new launches in lung and renal cancer in Germany and Japan with pricing and reimbursement discussions ongoing in other key markets. These launches, together with the recent approvals of first-line gastric now esophageal cancer, are expected to contribute to further growth internationally. Based on positive momentum from our current launches and future potential launches, including first-line esophageal on May of next year, as well as expansion opportunities from clinical trials that we'll read out over the next few years, the promise for Opdivo 's continued growth is high. Turning to our In-Line multiple myeloma portfolio on Slide 11, REVLIMID was up 11% globally, primarily driven by demand for triple based therapies and increasing treatment duration.  Pomalyst global sales were up 10% driven by continued demand for triple based therapies and use in earlier lines. Now moving to our new products on Slide 12, we continue to be very pleased with our new products which generate sales of 344 million in the third quarter. This new diversified portfolio is already annualizing close to $1.5 billion run rate, giving us great confidence that we're on our way to renewing our business with products that are much earlier in their lifecycle. So let's start with Reblozyl, which generated strong sales of a 160 million in the third quarter, up 67% versus prior year.  Sales growth in the U.S. was primarily driven by continued demand in the ESA refractory MDS patients, as well as a $20 million to $25 million inventory build. We're very encouraged by the recent NCCN guideline update that now recommends evaluating ESA response sooner at 6 to 8 weeks instead of the previously recommended 12 to 16 weeks. This supports need to monitor and potentially treat new patients earlier in their treatment journey. Additionally, we remain focused on ensuring they received the most appropriate dose for sustained benefit. Outside the U.S., uptake continues to be strong in countries where Reblozyl is launched. Sales were impacted by the usual price review, one year after launch in Germany. We expect to launch in Italy and the Netherlands in Q4 pending reimbursement discussions, and in more countries in 2022 to drive additional growth for the brand.  Moving to our cell therapies, Abecma and Breyanzi. Demand for Abecma, our first-in-class BCMA CAR T, remains robust. We generate 71 million in the third quarter versus 24 million in the second quarter. Remember that 2Q revenues consisted of only 1.5 months of sales having launched in mid-May, so performance this quarter reflects a full quarter of sales. Demand continues to exceed supply, and we expect Q4 revenues to be largely similar to Q3. Now moving to our CD19 CAR T Breyanzi, sales in the quarter were 30 million versus 17 million in the prior quarter. Sales increased due to patient demand with physicians recognizing Breyanzi best-in-class profile.  We're extremely pleased to have clinically meaningful PFS data in second-line Large B-cell lymphoma and look forward to presenting the data at ASH and bringing this treatment to earlier line patients in 2022. Turning to Zeposia, global revenues were 40 million in the quarter driven by multiple sclerosis launch, and one-time inventory build in the U.S. The MS launch continues to progress well, where Zeposia remains the S1P of choice in terms of written prescriptions. We continue to focus on establishing Zeposia as not only the S1P of choice, but also the oral treatment of choice in MS.  Our launch in UC is also progressing well in the U.S.. We're encouraged by the initial uptake and growth in the number of new trailers since launch in June. Our focus is building on volume, establishing demand for this oral biologic-like medicine, while broadening access over time. We're also very pleased to have just received CHMP positive opinion in Europe. And look forward to making Zeposia available to patients living with UC as soon as possible. Lastly, we're making progress on establishing Onureg and first-line maintenance and AML patients. Onureg generated sales of 21 million in the quarter, primarily driven by increased demand as well as inventory build versus prior quarter.  We continue to focus on shaping the new maintenance segment and increasing adoption and patient adherence. Now let's turn our attention over to P&L on slide 13. We've already covered our strong sales for the quarter so let me walk you through a few other non-GAAP key line items. Gross margin increase versus prior year primarily due to lower royalty payments. Operating expenses were higher than last year, particularly in R&D due to COVID recovery, but also slightly in MS&A due to investment supporting our launch and pre -launch activities.  MS&A versus prior quarter did experience some softness due to the timing of investments that have shifted to the fourth quarter. Our Effective Tax Rate of 14.9% was primarily driven by earnings mix. Overall, non-GAAP EPS increased 23% year-over-year. Now moving to our Balance Sheet and capital allocation on Slide 14, our liquidity position remains strong with almost $16 billion in cash and marketable securities, and a strong cash flow from operations of 5.3 billion in the quarter. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. We have significant financial flexibility to support a balanced approach to capital allocation.  Our priorities are to continue to renew and diversify our portfolio through business development, paying down our debt, and returning capital to shareholders. We've executed several business development deals this year, bringing in differentiated early-stage assets. Business development remains a top priority as a leading innovation-based Company. We have paid down 6 billion in debt year-to-date, and are committed to maintaining our strong investment-grade rating. As it relates to returning capital shareholders, we're committed to growing our dividend subject to board approval and remain opportunistic about share repurchases. We have already purchased 3.5 billion of shares to-date, and we currently have approximately 3 billion remaining in our authorization program.  Now, turning to our guidance on Slide 15, based on the strong performance in the quarter, we reaffirming full-year sales and raising the lower end of our non-GAAP EPS guidance. We continue to expect revenues to increase at the higher end of our guidance and gross margin to be approximately 80%. Moving to operating expenses, we are maintaining our MS&A and R&D guidance for the year. As I mentioned earlier, MS&A we are expecting higher expenses in the fourth quarter due to timing of investments that shifted by quarter. Additionally, we're updating our tax rate guidance to approximately 16.5% primarily due to earnings mix. All-in-all, I'm pleased with our performance. We had another remarkable quarter for the Company, and continue to execute well against our plans and to diversify and renew our portfolio. This performance can not been achieved without the passion and dedication of our employees around the world, and I look forward to providing you future updates on our progress. With that, I will now turn it back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks David. Christina, can we go to our first question please?
Operator: Yes. Thank you. . We'll take our first question from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Hey guys, thanks for taking the question and congrats on a good quarter. I just wanted to ask on the new launches, the Abecma launch was pretty good. Just give us a sense for how much of that is still bolus of patients versus underlying demand and this also helped us with the impact that you are still seeing from the viral vector manufacturing. And then the second question just on Opdivo. It was flat sequentially? And how do you view going into 2022 with respect to -- what indications could be more of a tipping point versus others. Thank you very much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Geoff. Thanks for the questions. This is Giovanni. Let me just start with a couple of comments and then I'll ask Chris to answer both of your questions. I just wanted to step back and really think about cell therapy and you'll remember in the past we've had a number of discussions about whether cell therapy treatments would have a fast uptake in the marketplace where this market would grow over time. There were concerns with payers willingness to provide coverage for those therapies.  And I must say, when I look at the experience that we've had with both Abecma and Breyanzi. It really confirms our belief that given the right treatments with the right efficacy and safety profile, there is tremendous willingness of physicians to prescribe and drive increased an option in the marketplace, many of the payer dynamics have been resolved, so beyond obviously the question that Chris will answer as we look at the medium and the long term and the commitment we've made to a broad cell therapy portfolio. I'm very reassured that the commercial potential of this modality is being recognized. I would say significantly more than in the past, Chris?
Chris Boerner: So thanks for the questions, Jeff. Let me start with cell therapy, so we're very pleased with the performance really of both Abecma and Breyanzi. In the quarter we saw a very nice increase in demand for both products. There was some bolus for Abecma still reflected in these numbers, but the underlying demand for that product looks very strong, the same is true with Breyanzi. We're very happy with the commercial execution for both of these products. We now have over 70 accounts that have been activated across both products.  And the majority of those accounts have been or plan to imminently use one or both of the cell therapy products. So overall, I would say the commercial performance continues to be very good. As has been mentioned already, we are actively managing the supply constraints of those mainly are impacting Abecma. And as David mentioned in his remarks, we do anticipate that Abecma sales in the fourth quarter are going to be roughly similar to what we saw in the third quarter. And we are, of course, continuing to stay very focused on managing through the vector supply constraints.  I mean, anticipated being in a much better position on that front as we get into the second half of next year. But, again, stepping back, as Giovanni just mentioned, we're very happy with what we're seeing in the marketplace on cell therapy and it confirms the opportunity we have to build a strong position here. With respect to Opdivo, the performance for the quarter for I-O was really in line with expectations. We saw very strong double-digit growth relative to same time last year. And while sales were flat, as you know, from Q2 into Q3, that was, as David mentioned, a function of inventory dynamics coming out of the second quarter.  What is important here, is that we had very solid growth in the quarter. We had solid growth relative to same time last year and quarter-over-quarter. And that growth was in the key tumors that are going to drive near and medium-term growth for the I-O Franchise. Notably in gastric cancer, where we've seen a nice uptake since the approval in April, in renal cell cancer, we continue to see very strong demand and we've seen coming at the end of the quarter some nice growth in first-line lung cancer. So overall, if you step back, we were very confident not only in the continued growth for Opdivo this year, but importantly, the momentum going into '22.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Chris. Christina, could we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. I'll take our next question from Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim
Seamus Fernandez: Great, thanks for the question. So first one is on Deucravacitinib. I just wanted to get a little bit of a better sense. It just seems -- I was surprised to see that we don't have Deucravacitinib listed as filed yet. Just don't know what the limitations are. Are there new data being added or that you plan to be added, or is it just simply waiting for FDA acceptance of the filing? The second question really is, as we think about the opportunity for Deucravacitinib, I wanted to just get a better understanding of what Bristol believes is necessary to succeed in ulcerative colitis.  It's our understanding that the IT-9D may in fact the most critical part of the development plan. And that perhaps Deucravacitinib or may not achieve that unless the dose is really pushed. And so just wondering if a long acting formulation maybe something that Bristol is pursuing. Then just a final question very quickly. Between your MK2 inhibitor, the BTK inhibitor, the S1P1 that you have in Phase 2, would you call out any of these as having data in 2022 that we should be watching for? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Seamus. Let me ask Samit to answer your questions.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you for your questions. On the first one on Deucrava, let me just start by reiterating our confidence in the data which differentiates it and establishes it as a potential best oral therapy of choice in the future for patients with psoriasis. In terms of the filing, as you very well know, we don't comment on when we file, but we certainly do make it public when the file has been accepted, validated, after we have filed out for the indication. So we will certainly make you aware and everyone aware when we hear as time comes. But having said that, we do anticipate bringing the medicine to patients in the second half of 2022, as we have said before. On the question on ulcerative colitis, You're right in the sense that the dose required in ulcerative colitis, Crohn's disease, or IBD in general, is going to be 2 to 3 times higher than what we see for psoriasis. And we've seen that for other molecules as well. And that is the intent of the ongoing trials, to test out these doses. We obviously have not shared exactly what doses are being pursued for confidential reasons and competitive reasons. But we are looking at all avenues in terms of looking at the impact from not only PK, but the PD outcomes as well and we'll continue to follow those and those will be the reason -- the ways to define a proof-of-concept in this disease for pursuing further in ulcerative colitis. In terms of the MK2, S1P1, BTK additional data, those trials are ongoing. As you know, these are in the Phase 2A, Phase 2B settings where we have multiple indications being pursued in BTK in the same trial in the autoimmune space, S1P1 also. Additional work being done in Crohn's disease, for example, for Zeposia and for MK2 as well, data is evolving. I can't say that you'll see the data in '22 or not, but certainly we'll make it available as soon as we have evolution of the clinical outcomes for these data.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Samit. Christina, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes, we'll take our next question from Chris Schott with JP Morgan.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks so much. Just two questions for me. Is May 1st -- there's been a lot of debate on the rate of Revlimid erosion in '22. I know you're not giving guidance for next year. But just any color you can provide there both U.S. and international dynamics and maybe specifically on the international side of the business. Is it reasonable thing about the businesses down like 50% for next year given the low, you're facing or you're thinking of something much better or worse than that. It just again, one of the things that I think we all have eroding over time, but I think just any color on the rate of erosion would be much appreciated.  And then the second question is a bigger picture one. You've been steadily rebuilding the portfolio here, but you've had a stock that that's under performed this year. And if the streak remains concerned on some of these longer-term LOEs, does that at some point lead to I guess a more aggressive deployment of your capital, and that's a step-up in BD or look at larger -- maybe later stage deals, or even going the other direction with more aggressive share repo. I'm sharing your sense of when you look at what you would think of as a disconnect between what's fundamentally happened with your business and the stock price. How do you think about starting to address that? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Let me take your questions here, Giovanni. So first of all, on Revlimid generic entries, nothing has changed there and let me just reiterate what we've said before and what we see happening next year. So next year, we will begin to see a volume limited generic competition in the U.S.. And at the same time, we expect to see generic entries for REVLIMID EX-U.S.. That's consistent with what has always been our understanding, it has not changed, it has been fairly clear in our filings and we're preparing for that. The second thing that I would like to say is that if you remember beginning at JP Morgan, we clearly articulated on how we think about the Company, during the period of loss of exclusivity for Revlimid and Pomalyst.  And we expect to be able to grow the Company In fact, we've articulated low-to-mid single-digit for the total Company and low double-digit for our continuing business through 2025. And when we provided that perspective, we obviously were reflecting our understanding of the Revlimid erosion. And I think the conviction that we have that we can continue to grow the Company is really driven by the belief which is proving right that the combination of strong growth from our in-line products and namely, Opdivo and Eliquis, combined with the strong uptake of our launch brands, which is happening would more than offset the loss of exclusivity of Revlimid internationally next year and then over time in the U.S.  So what I'm not going to give you exactly a percentage of erosion for next year, and we definitely will have an opportunity to talk more about this when we eventually provide guidance for the year. What I can tend to you is that our belief remains strong and I think that our perspective that we're able to grow sales and earnings per share applies to next year as well. And so nothing has really changed there. Now, with respect to your second question that speaks to what are our priorities as we renew the portfolio in the face of LOEs, First of all, I think we have a rapidly evolving portfolio of new medicines that has tremendous potential, where we're executing multiple launches well.  And I think our priority is always going to be first to maximize the opportunities that we have in a very, very reached late-stage pipeline. At the same time, we have tremendous financial flexibility as David said. And obviously, we've seen for - - we've said for some time now that business development is a priority for us as we think about allocating capital. And that continues to be the case, at the same time as I've said before, we will be disciplined as we think about the BD. because we do have many opportunities to deploy our capital to accelerate growth. And I also believe that our capital allocation strategy will continue to be balanced, where as David mentioned, we have a history to look at our dividend, and we have increased our dividend consistently over the last several years.  We've done that double-digit in the last couple of years. And looking at share repurchases year-to-date, we've repurchased 3.5 billion. We have an existing authorization for another 3 billion this year. And obviously, we'll continue to look at that as well. But I can tell you that of course, I understand the focus on LOEs, at the same time as we believe that we are executing really well on a plan to renew our portfolio, and we have tremendous financial flexibility to continue to make the right moves to do that.
Tim Power: Christina, can we go to our next question, please?
Operator: Our next question from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Tim Anderson: Well, thank you. A couple of questions. LAG-3, when can we expect that you will have overall survival data in hand in melanoma for the package you've already submitted? And can you update us on what the development program looks like from here in terms of new trials and new tumor types? I look at Roche with TIGIT, they pushed into lots of registrational trials for lots of different tumors all at once. And I'm wondering why we're not seeing Bristol do the same here. There's a signal that your confidence just isn't there yet, in this molecule and that the survival data melanoma is a gating factor.  And then second question, on Mavacamten, on last quarter, I asked a question why you got only a standard review when it was awarded breakthrough therapy designation previously, I didn't quite understand your answer. But in 2019, it was pretty clear you expected that 2020 -- 2021 approval on launch. So I'm gonna re-ask it here, are you confident we have an approvable drug at the PDUFA date, or is there a potential that they'll want additional data and you'll get a CRO?
Giovanni Caforio: Sure. Thank you, Tim. Let me ask Samit to answer both of your questions, LAG-3 and Mavacamten.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Tim. For LAG-3, the overall survival data of course, is dependent on the events. We're going to continue to follow them and we'll share the data once available through our medical conference, but certainly I'll make you aware of it. We have to remember though, that in I-O therapies, more important than those hazard ratios are going to be the shape of the curve and we're going to continue to watch out for that. And we'll share that when that becomes available. I cannot tell you exactly what the timing would be at this time. From a development program perspective? Yes.  The first line melanoma study read out we submitted, we have a PDUFA date for March of 2022. We have initiated the adjuvant trial in melanoma at this time. We have a randomized phase 2 study on rowing in non-small cell lung cancer and plans to initiate phase 3 trials later this year or remaining at the end of this year or early next year. And we have a randomized scarred trial ongoing in parul carcinoma as a proof-of-concept generation. Likely, as you know, has had a history for a long time where we didn't have any data. So one has to ensure that the proof-of-concept that we're following are going to be strong. And we believe that the trials that we have ongoing will give us that data to go forward.  For digit if you recall, there is a proof-of-concept in non-small cell lung cancer, and that is a different tumor type and different value in terms of the tumor micro environment. So we have to judge the scientific data and put that in that perspective as we look for new tumor types to explore. And we 'll certainly keep you posted if new tumor types are added in the LAG-3 program as well. For mavacamten, we are certainly comfortable with the data that we have from the explorer trials, from the efficacy perspective, as well as safety perspective. We have a PDUFA date for January of next year.  We have not heard from the FDA in terms of what additional data would be required. We certainly don't comment as to what the outcomes will be and how the ultimate decisions will be made by the agency but we continue to engage with them. And as is usual for any filing, the back and forth in answering questions continues. But that is not unusual as we look at Mavacamten or any other drugs.
Giovanni Caforio: Christina, can we go to the next question please?
Operator: Okay. Our next question from Luisa Hector with Berenberg.
Luisa Hector: Hello, thank you for my questions. I wanted to check on Deucravacitinib whether you have started hiring your dermatology sales post already, or whether this is now the key for and the reasons these, the phasing of the marketing costs into Q4 from Q3. And maybe you could also update us on where you are with your cost-savings? Where you plan to be by the end of this year. And what kind of increment we could see in 2022 given market generic impact as well, just to think about the phasing of those various items. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Let's start with Deucrava commercial investments in preparation for the launch. Chris and then David on synergies.
Chris Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the question. We are well on our way to building out the U.S. commercial and medical teams and feel great about the quality of the team that we're pulling together as well as the commercial readiness. The medical teams have actually been in place for a number of months. We've managed to hire a very strong team with deep dermatology experience. Their key in office roles have been filled and they're in the process of executing against launch plans and we are building out the sales teams now.
Giovanni Caforio: David?
David Elkins : Great and thanks for your question on synergies, the execution on the integration continues to go extremely well as we indicated before, we'll over-deliver initial commitment. We're now at $3 billion. By the end of this year, we anticipate being about 2.5 billion, which you may recall was the original overall commitment. So as we head into next year, getting to that 3 billion is what we're targeting. So good execution and continued over achievement of our initial expectations on the synergies.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, David. Christina, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew Baum: Yes, thank you. First question is on the TYK2. Number 1. Could you just update us on the additional armaturing datasets in terms of what you're seeing from zoster, cardiovascular as well as poignancy if anything. And also perhaps you could comment on a light of the recent FDA comments for , how are you thinking about potential labeling for TYK2? Obviously that's a continuum potential label, some very unfavorable, some obviously more favorable.  And then second, in relation to your Analyst Meeting that is coming up, to what extent would you be able to talk to your Phase 3 program for your Factor 11A inhibitor, or will we have to wait until you have the actuarial data in hand next year before you and your partner can talk to the April Phase III trial program? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Sure, Andrew. Let me just start by giving you a perspective at the investor meeting, and then we'll ask Samit to comment on the Q2 programs. So as we think about getting together in the middle of November, the objective is really primarily to give you an update on everything that has happened in the Company and our portfolio over the last few years. It will be 2 years since we closed the acquisition of Celgene and a lot has happened. And so we'll talk about the progress with the pipeline. Some of them is stage programs, the commercial opportunities we see from the asset and we'll talk about the outlook for the Company. Specifically, there will be an opportunity to focus on a few of those.  So for example, as you know the Milvexian data will be presented at AAHA just before our meeting, and we'll forward to discussing that update with you. We're also making progress in another area, which is hematology and that includes sell modes and the Breyanzi second-line data that were mentioned earlier. They are expected to be at ASH and we have an opportunity to review those. at the event. So these are just some of the examples of the updates that we're planning on discussing it at the meeting. And that includes some of the datasets that you were referencing. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you. And in regards to the TYK2 inhibitor, the long-term data that we continue to follow these patients we don't see the profile differentiating in any other way than what we've already disclosed before. And we believe this is a TYK2 inhibitor with not having a jack like signature. The overall profile from the lap parameters perspective, cardiovascular perspective, infections perspective remains stable as the data have been shared before. So we are looking forward to continuing the engagement with the agencies as we go forward and looking to bring it to patients in the second half of next year.  As far as the jack and labeling in RA as well as other ambitions are concerned. Again, these are going to be in the future as we go into discussions with the regulatory agencies, we don't see it as a JAK inhibitor, so we're not really thinking about it like that, will continue to update you once we get more sound place in terms of advice, if there is any to be shared.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Samit. Christina, can we go to the next question please?
Operator: Okay. Our next question from Carter Gould with Barclays.
Carter Gould: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. First, I guess maybe start commercial. Wanted -- hoping you get maybe a little bit more in terms of anything tangible and you see demand with the Zeposia and to what extent the start of the year will be an important milestone in terms of broadening access. And then maybe just a clarifying question on Deucravacitinib. Samit, you talked about and you see needing to explore doses 2 to 3 times higher than what's active in psoriasis are.  I know you don't want to get into specific doses, but are you exploring something above and beyond, sort of the 12-meg that I think was the high end in the psoriasis study. And then I know it's a bit of a sensitive topic given some of the ongoing litigation, but just maybe how you're thinking about sort of the backup tick 2 compounds you have in your portfolio. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Sure. Chris, why don't you start on UC demand.
Chris Boerner: Yeah. So we feel very good about the performance that we're seeing for as the Posey. And you see, and let me start with execution. The execution of the team really, since approval, has been very strong. We've got very good awareness for the product. The unaided awareness now is over 60%, aided awareness is well over 90% since approval. And you see we estimate that we have around 400 trialist that have already begun to utilize the product. Virtually all of the gastros that we survey who are aware of the Posey are interested in trying it. Frankly, in spite of a still relatively restricted access environment, the sales teams are having very good success in engaging with customers both in-person and remotely.  So from an execution standpoint, early days, but we feel very good about where we are. As you note, access is going to be -- continue to be something we pay a lot of attention to. We feel good about our ability to start generating volume this year and into the first part of next year. And we think that volume will build momentum as we get into the second half of 2022 when we begin to get additional, more favorable access with key payers. But so far, the UC performance that we're seeing commercially is very, very strong and very happy with where we sit.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Before I ask Samit to comment on the Ducrava dose, let me just say, Carter, we're not going to comment on any ongoing litigation. I just want to say that that litigation is really not related at all to the BMS Program or any backup that may exist. So they're completely different programs and there is no relationship there.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. And just as a minor thing to add over here is, as we talk about the doses, without getting into the specifics of it, I can tell you that we selected the doses which are higher than what we use in the Sciences Program based on PK modeling and taking into account the historical experience. We will certainly say that we are at this point, we don't know if these higher doses will translate into efficacy or not. That's the proof-of-concept we're trying to get and once that is available, that will certainly pave the way for the future program, we will need to see what the data are from the next trials that we're pursuing right now, both in Crohn's disease as well as an ulcerative colitis.
Giovanni Caforio: Can we go to our next question, please?
Operator: Take our next question from Ronny Gal with Bernstein.
Ronny Gal: Good morning and thank you for taking the questions. The first one is on the PD-1 space. There has been some debate about the approvability of full-on PD-1, with data from Asian populations only. You've obviously generated a lot of data in various populations. I was wondering if there is any scientific basis to this concern that is in your trials, is there a difference in either efficacy or safety in different ethnic populations with your PD-1? And second on Washington we had a discussion around price reform in the drug area.  It's seems to be clear that the negative scenarios for the industry will not play out, but there's still some discussion of pharma contributing to catastrophic insurance in Part D. And if there will be price negotiations the discussion seems to be focused on Part B, as in boy, given that you're essentially more exposed to the oncology space, I was wondering if there is any basis for that. Is there a risk that oncology will take the brunts off the impact of the DC of whatever giveaways to taken, or will be more balanced across product types.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Ronnie, let me just start there and then I'll ask Samit to comment on your question about PD-1 development. So let me just start by saying that it's really difficult to forecast at this point what price reform. look like in the future. from my perspective, what's important is that any change that is made actually improves affordability of medicines for patients. And that's the lens that we are applying. And from that perspective, there are a number of elements -- of potential reform like establishing out-of-pocket caps in part the redesign of the product these benefit to reduce to reduce the exposure of patients that we support.  And we also support some changes, like introducing market forces in Part B. Very difficult to answer your question with respect to whether a disproportionate impact may happen in oncology or not? I think what's important is that we don't go to reforms that actually impact the ability of the industry overall to continue to invest in innovation. That's the primary primer lens here. I think from the perspective of the MBS portfolio, when you look at our portfolio, it's actually very diversified across therapeutic areas, across actually Part B versus Part D.  And so I can't speculate what the impact of any reform would be on us. I think what's really important is to continue to advocate for reforms that yes, improve affordability of medicines for patients but at the same time, enable us to continue to invest in innovation and some of the hyper partisan scenarios being discussed in Washington would actually impact both negatively.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. And just starting from where you left off in terms of the portfolio, we have a very broad portfolio which means that when we conduct our clinical trials, we do them globally. Including those in the Asian countries. And when we file the data, we have to provide subset analysis by region or sometimes even by country. And that's how we seek approval in some of the regions and countries in the world, including in Asia. As it comes to the PD-1 inhibitors, where we have conducted clinical trials globally and across the 20 yard indications our 12-plus tumor types that have now start approvals.  We don't see a major difference occurring because of regional differences or population differences. That doesn't mean that representation of larger populations may not be required in clinical trials. So when I -- just keep that in mind rather than thinking about a singular country trial will lead to approvals or not.
Giovanni Caforio: Christina, can we go to our next question, please?
Operator: I'll take our next question from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess -- I guess Tim for me. So first on the second-line car t study, I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that commercially and specifically, whether you think you need longer-term follow-up to compare to transplant to that to be commercially successful. And then as we look at the data coming at ASH, I think we're going to get data from Kite study as well. I'm wondering if there's any differentiation you're looking for your product versus those.  And then, second on Zeposia, I'm just wondering if you could talk about or you thought about it, if Biogen wins their appeal on TECFIDERA and branded TECFIDERA comes back to the market. Does that change any of your assumptions and how you think about the MS Market? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Matthew, let me start with Chris, Just maybe a comment on Zeposia? And then we can move to the second-line CAR-T data and Samit will add some comments?
Chris Boerner: Yeah. So just on Zeposia very quickly. We have -- we don't anticipate that any potential change. on the Tecfidera would have an impact on us. We've seen very limited competitive impact of generic Tecfidera that's predominantly been cannibalization of branded tech and then obviously a shift in the utilization within that portfolio. Our focus on Zeposia in the EMEA side continues to be not only establishing ourselves as the number one SP, which we are right now in terms of written scripts, but also becoming the number one oral. And so our focus will continue to be, in a very disciplined way, focused on that.  And let me just give the commercial perspective on the second-line CAR T setting, and then I'll turn it over to Samit. When you look at that second-line setting, generally, you generally see that population divert into those physicians who tend to be very focused on transplant. There's a sort of defined segment of those physicians. There are a number of physicians who are very open and look for opportunities to avoid transplant where possible, and then there are a number of physicians who really take it on a case-by-case basis. And so we're excited about the data that we've seen so far, And look forward to seeing that data continue to play out and be presented at ASH. And we'll adjust obviously accordingly from a commercial standpoint, Samit.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah, and just continuing that excitement from a data perspective, we truly are looking forward to sharing the data at ASH from the second-line study. And BFS in this particular case is accepted endpoint from a regulatory perspective. So looking forward to certainly getting engagement with the agency and getting this again to the patients as soon as possible. We will obviously continue to follow patients for overall survival. And as is required for cards and therapies long-term safety follow-up as well. So those data will evolve and will be shared in the future at the current time, the primary endpoint of this study was BFS, and we have that in hand and that will be presented.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks so much. Christina, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve Scala: Thank you. A couple of questions. Lupus seems like an area of strategic interest to the Company. Does  feel it has all the assets it needs in lupus or would you look for M&A to supplement this area? So that's one question. Second question is, on the factor on data at AHA, it was mentioned on this call that the Company is excited about where we're going to see. On the second quarter call, Samit, you noted that the data we're going to see is dose finding and safety data. So should we conclude that what we will see in AHA is that you have the Phase III dose and it is proven safe, or might we see more than that? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Samit, do you want to take them both?
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Absolutely. Thank you, Steve, for your questions and some starting with Lupus as you know, that we will first of all, we get the data for our Deucravacitinib at the beginning of next year, we have a Discord Lupus study that is also ongoing, which will readout in 23 or later part of that, we have a couple of other assets and early developments which are on controls.gov, which we have ongoing studies looking at Lupus as well. So we do believe that we've covered a broad range of targets and broad range of medicines being explored in Lupus and one of those are several of those could be pursued for the future.  From an 11a perspective, four Milvexian has, we've said at AHA, you'll see the data. And there are two things to really takeaway. One, the intent of the study was to define a range of those that will be pursued for future evaluation in Phase III, once the data from SSP study is also available, so that collective data set then leads to the decision-making for future exploration in indications as we go forward. Second, we wanted to see a differentiation in terms of not only efficacy, but very importantly from a safety and bleeding risk perspective.  And when we think about that, it is going to be important to pay attention to major bleed and minor bleed and overall bleed. So those are the kinds of things that you probably will see at AHN, and than we can certainly have a discussion in the middle of next month and we have the presentations for the investors meeting.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Samit. Seamus, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dane Leone with Raymond James.
Dane Leone: Thank you for taking the questions and congratulations on the update. I'll give it to -- to you from me. Firstly, just going back to the generic erosion debate heading into 2020. Taking a different angle, obviously post the acquisition of Celgene that was accretive to your overall operating margin. The question from a lot of us that followed. Celgene historically, along with Bristol has been -- the belief was REVLIMID drove a lot of that margin for Celgene. And with that going away, even with new brands ramping up, is there enough from the portfolio and steady-state growth of maybe Eliquis's and Optivo to offset an impact operationally from EBITDA. Or will there need to be bridging like you said, of additional cost efficiencies from the organization.  So that's one essentially getting to whether there could be a lost year or two of EBITDA growth from the existing portfolio. Secondly, a quick one for me. It's been brought up a lot why the team has not aggressively moved to start studies in more of a mild-to-moderate population per Zeposia and ulcerative colitis. So any thoughts around the development plan there would be appreciated. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks very much. So let me just start, I'll ask David to make some comments there. I'll just reiterate what I said earlier that from our perspective, as we think about the period of loss of exclusivity of Revlimid -- first of all, we always said that our perspective or the particular in the U.S. there will be a slope that will be happening over time. We've made a comment in the past, we were more conservative on that slope than consensus. At the same time, we believe strongly in the fact that the growth of the Line portfolio and the launch brands will actually enable the Company to grow through that period. But David can give you a better perspective about the profitability of our business going forward and how we think about that.
David Elkins : Thanks Dane for the question and we seem very confident in our ability to maintain our operating margins in the low-to-mid 40% through 2025. And there's a couple of things driving that. One is, I discussed earlier, we're doing better on our synergies and strong execution against that as we head into next year and the run rate after that. To the others, we've been very disciplined on the P&L side of things and you may note from an MS&A perspective, we're very efficient and top-tier in our industry. And the other thing I would say is that we've been very disciplined from the standpoint of reallocating resources from those low brands to our launch brands, which gives us further confidence in.  And the last thing is if you think about the portfolio and the launches, many of those products have strong margins as you talked about on the in-line with Opdivo being a high-margin product, but also some of the other ones that are in the launch portfolio Zeposia as well as a Reblozyl. Those products have nice margins as well. So, that's what gives us confidence in our ability to keep those operating margins in that load to mid-40s as we progress.
Samit Hirawat: And in terms of Zeposia, we have obviously got the indication for MS, as well as UC, and the drives in are ongoing in Crohn's disease, we currently do not have any plans in the mild-to-moderate patients with UC at this time.
Giovanni Caforio: Excellent. Christina, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Okay. Our take our last question from Matt Phipps with William Blair.
Matt Phipps: Good morning and thanks for including me. You mentioned that Abecma would be relatively flat going into the fourth quarter. But should we expect it to be more or less flat until the vector supply issue is resolved, which I think you said would occur in the second half of next year? And then, can you just comment on if the higher dose that was explored in the late -- in the light of the CC trial with Ducra is also being explored and Crohn's and FLE, or just maybe how there's different doses amongst those indications as well?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Chris and then Samit.
Chris Boerner: So just quickly on Abecma. Yes, we've commented on how we anticipate Abecma sales growing in Q4, and we've also said that we are staying very focused on increasing vector supply as we get into the first half of next year. I don't have the ability to give you any additional information for next year but, obviously, we'll continue to update you on future calls.
Samit Hirawat: And as it relates to the doses, again, on Deucravacitinib and UC and CD. There are some similarities in the doses, but we have optionality over here to amend them and change the dose and dosing patterns here. So we will continue to work with RDMC as well as our clinical trial teams are looking into the data to see if there are any adjustments needed for either of the 2 trials.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, everyone. Thanks again for participating in the call. We had a great quarter with very, very strong performance. The loans portfolio continues to progress in-line brands are growing strongly. We look forward to the opportunity to continue to discuss the evolution of the pipeline and the future outlook of the Company, when we get together in the middle of November for our Investor Day. Team and the rest of his team will be available throughout the day to answer any other questions you have. Thanks and have a good day.
Operator: And this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 09:53:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bristol Myers Squibb 2021 Second Quarter Results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice President Investor Relations, please go ahead, sir.
Tim Power: Thanks, Catherine. And good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us this morning for our Second Quarter 2021 Earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in the call today are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you'll be aware, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can use to follow along with -- for David and Giovanni's remarks, but before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statements. During today's call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent are estimates as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of those non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. and with that, I'll hand it over to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you Tim, and good morning everyone. I hope you're all staying safe and healthy. Now, turning to Slide 4. Let me start by saying I am very proud of our Second Quarter results, and express my gratitude to our teams across the globe for their dedication and steadfast commitment to our patients. Through their work, we are continuing to make great progress to diversify and renew our portfolio, and position Bristol Myers Squibb for an even stronger future.  During the second quarter, we delivered excellent results across the board, including strong sales growth due to solid commercial performance, positive clinical results in our mid and late stage pipeline, continued BD execution, and strengthened our financial position. The strength of our commercial execution this quarter was underscored by the performance of our key medicines, including the return of Opdivo to growth and the uptake of our new launch portfolio.  Over the last 18 months, we launched five new medicines with significant potential, and we are very encouraged by their performance to date. Clinically, we continue to deliver on the potential of our pipeline with significant mid- and late-stage clinical readouts and important regulatory actions across our therapeutic areas. The recent additions to our portfolio added diversification to our business and an opportunity to generate sustained growth over time. From a financial perspective, we saw double-digit growth for both the top and bottom line, and we are reaffirming our full-year revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and generate significant cash flow, allowing us to advance our disciplined capital allocation strategy. We remain focused on external business development opportunities to further strengthen our pipeline over the long term. This quarter, we executed two licensing deals, an anti-TIGIT bi-specific antibody program with Agenus, and MORAb-202, a folate receptor alpha ADC with Eisai, both strategically aligned with our Oncology franchise. Overall, I am extremely pleased with our progress in the quarter. Turning now to our execution scorecard on Slide 5. We have made tremendous progress year to date across our therapeutic areas. In Oncology, we are strengthening our I-O franchise and have returned Opdivo to growth through multiple clinical successes and excellent commercial execution. Earlier this year, we launched Opdivo in three additional indications, including first-line gastric cancer, where we are the first and only I-O agent. We anticipate additional launch opportunities and growth drivers for Opdivo to further accelerate the growth of the brand. We also see opportunities to expand our I-O portfolio through the fixed-dose combination of our LAG-3 inhibitor, Relatlimab with Opdivo. At ASCO last month, we announced impressive results for Relatlimab, potentially the third I-O therapy for BMS, building on our leadership in the field and expanding the durability of our franchise. We have a broad development program underway in I-O to benefit more patients over time. Moving to hematology, we received approval in the U.S. for two cell therapies, Breyanzi and Abecma, and demand for these products has been strong. Physicians recognize the value of these treatments and there is significant patient need. Building on existing indications for Breyanzi, we announced the first-ever positive Phase 3 topline data in second-line transplant eligible large B-cell lymphoma last month. This is an important result. For the first time, we have shown that our cell therapy treatment is superior to a well-established standard of care. The positive results demonstrate that we can benefit patients early in their treatment journey. We look forward to sharing more details on these results later this year. We also have Iberdomide Phase 2 data in-house, which we are very pleased with and look forward to discussing with health authorities. The data are potentially the first step towards the establishment of a new backbone of treatment in multiple myeloma, offering a better option to benefit patients. We have made tremendous progress expanding our immunology franchise. Deucravacitinib, a first-in-class selective TYK2 inhibitor, has the potential to be the oral agent of choice. We expect to launch this potential new medicine in psoriasis in the second half of 2022. We have initiated our Phase 3 program in psoriatic arthritis, and we also look forward to Phase 2 data in ulcerative colitis later this year and in Crohn's disease and lupus in 2022 to further expand the potential of this molecule. We initiated our Phase 3 program for Cendakimab in eosinophilic esophagitis. And last month in the U.S., we launched Zeposia in ulcerative colitis. Finally, turning to CV, we are encouraged by the topline results we received this quarter for Milvexian, our Factor XIa inhibitor. We look forward to presenting the data at a medical meeting later in the year. Additionally, we are preparing to launch Mavacamten for symptomatic obstructive HCM in the U.S. early next year. We are encouraged by the potential of these assets to strengthen the durability of our CV franchise. In closing, on slide 6, our steadfast progress gives me great confidence that we are well-positioned for growth. We are rapidly advancing a new launch portfolio of first-in-class or best-in-class medicines across therapeutic areas. We remain focused on driving in-light product performance, executing on our launches, advancing early-, mid-, and late-stage pipeline opportunities, and continuing to take a disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our strong clinical performance further de-risks our launch portfolio, and as a result our confidence in our ability to deliver the 20 billion to 25 billion in non-risk-adjusted revenue in 2029 continues to increase. Our continued strong financial performance and balance sheet enables us to diversify and strengthen our long-term prospects. As our sales force returns to the field and we welcome our remote teams back to the office, I'm excited by the opportunity to reconnect with our colleagues, stakeholders, and patients. I believe we have the strongest pipeline and launch portfolio in BMS' history, and I'm very excited about our future. With that, I'll turn it over to David to walk you through the financials. David?
David Elkins: Thank you Giovanni, and thank you all for joining our call today. Let me start with our top-line performance on Slide 8. I'm very pleased to discuss our strong double-digit growth this quarter, driven by increased demand for our key medicines across the globe. Looking at the first half of the year, which normalizes for most of the COVID-related buying patterns we experienced last year, commercial performance was strong, up 9% year-over-year or 7% excluding currency. This robust performance demonstrates both our strong execution of our commercial teams as well as increased demand for our products. I'll now provide additional color on the performance of our key brands and new launches, starting with Eliquis on Slide 9. This was another strong quarter for Eliquis, with global sales up 29% versus last year. Second quarter growth benefited from a favorable year-over-year comparison as prior year included the unwinding with COVID-related buying patterns. When looking at the first half to normalize for this dynamic, sales remained strong, up 18%. In the U.S., we saw strong demand with total prescription growth of 14% versus prior year driven by market share gains, which continue to expect strong new-to-brand share growth [for further] (ph) translates to overall total prescription growth. As a reminder, when we look toward the third and fourth quarters, we expect similar dynamics from the Medicare coverage gap as seen in previous years. Internationally, we had very strong demand across all key geographies, as we further gained share as the number one OAC in multiple markets, and we continue to see additional room to grow. Overall, we remain very pleased with the execution of Eliquis around the world, and expect to continue to grow Eliquis share within a growing class. Now, turning to Opdivo on Slide 10, let me start by saying we're very pleased to deliver return to growth this quarter, up 16% versus last year. While COVID recovery dynamics as well as approximately 40 million in U.S. inventory build contributed to this quarter 's growth, the brand's performance was largely driven by strong demand for both our core and our newly launched indications. In the U.S., sales were up 13% year-over-year, as well as 14% sequentially, driven by launches in lung, RCC, and our upper GI cancers, which are all going well, and in lungshares in the low-double digits with positive momentum, and we're seeing use across all histologies. In RCC, our Opdivo plus Cabo launch continues to do well, with Opdivo now the leading PD-1 first-line renal across both available regimens. In upper GI, we saw a very strong start with Opdivo plus chemo in first-line gastric cancer with CheckMate -649 which reached 25% to 30% share in just a few months based upon the strength of our data. The adjuvant esophageal launch, while still in early days, is off to a great start. Overall, we see upper GI as an important opportunity for Opdivo based on the breadth of offered indications and the fact that Opdivo is the only PD therapy approved for HER2 negative gastric cancer. Outside the U.S., we had another strong quarter with sales up 13%, excluding the impact of foreign currency versus last year. Growth was primarily driven by demand of our new launches in lung and renal cancer. Results also benefited from a favorable comparison due to COVID-related impact last year. All in all, we're very pleased with Opdivo 's performance and future growth outlook based on the positive momentum for our current launches, our future potential launches, including muscle-invasive bladder cancer and first-line esophageal, as well as potential expansion opportunities from clinical trials that we will lead out over time. Now, turning to Slide 11, regarding our in-line multiple myeloma portfolio. Revlimid was up globally, primarily driven by demand for triplet-based therapies and increasing treatment duration. In the U.S., we are encouraged to see prescriptions nearing pre-COVID levels. Pomalyst global sales were up 15%, driven by continued strong demand for triplet-based therapies and use in earlier lines. Now moving to our recent launches on slide 12, we continue to be very pleased with our new launches. Beginning with Reblozyl, which generated $128 million in Q2 and increased 14% sequentially. As the bolus from the MDS launches continue to wind down, it's being replaced by underlying demand growth as expected. We continue to expect sustained growth in the second half of the year as we remain focused on treating new patients earlier in their treatment journey and ensuring they receive the most appropriate dose for sustained benefit. Moving to Zeposia, which generated $28 million in the quarter, the MS launch continues to progress well, where Zeposia is the S1P of choice in terms of written prescriptions, and where we continue to see high intent to prescribe metrics. We have also seen an acceleration in the conversion time from written prescriptions to commercially-supplied products. Looking forward, we see -- we continue to focus on establishing Zeposia not only as the S1P of choice, but also the oral treatment of choice for MS. Beyond MS, we launched Zeposia and ulcerative colitis in the U.S. in early June. While early in the launch, we are very encouraged by physician receptivity to the product so far. Our plan is to focus on stepwise process of building volume by establishing demand for this differentiator oral-like biologic-like medicine, while maximizing access overtime. Turning to Onureg, the launch is also going well with double-digit demand growth over prior quarter, we continue to expand the user base with physicians recognizing Onureg as the first and only FDA approved treatment for AML patients, in first remission with a demonstrated OS benefit. Second quarter sales were impacted by reduced inventory, driven by our transition from bottles to blister cards. However, based upon the strength of the underlying demand trends, we expect to see sales rebound in the second half of the year. Remember that this is a new treatment segment, where it will take time to shape and establish Onureg as a maintenance treatment. Looking at each of these products internationally, we're encouraged to see how these launches are going, and we look forward to driving growth through gaining access and reimbursement in additional markets over time. Now, I would like to turn to Slide 13 and discuss cell therapy.Demand for our two new differetiated cell therapy products has been strong. Starting with Breyanzi, we were pleased with our launch progress, with Q2 sales of 17 million driven by strong execution and rapid site activation, with more than 65 sites activated to date. messages around our differentiated profile and outpatient utilization are resonating well, with high awareness among CAR-T treaters. Next, as it relates to Abecma, our first-in-class BCMA CAR-T at sales of 24 million in the quarter, led by very strong demand. We were able to leverage the site footprint of Breyanzi to accelerate site onboarding. An advantage of launching two CAR-T medicines simultaneously. Based on the significant unmet demand and differentiated profile, we have seen robust demand for this product, beyond our current capacity and we are looking hard to increase capacity over time. Looking forward, we continue to see meaningful long-term potential with our cell therapy franchise, across both Breyanzi and and Abecma as evidenced by the recent demand we've seen. Now, turning to the next slide, a few points as we think about our launch portfolio overall. First, we're very encouraged with how each of these products are progressing at this point in the launch cycle. Together, they have already contributed $225 million this quarter, and are approaching $1 billion run rate. Importantly, we review these products as having significant future potential. This gives us great confidence in our ability to diversify and renew our portfolio as we look forward. Now, let me take you through a few line items on our P&L on slide 15. Since we've already covered sham sales for the quarter, I'll focus on a couple all other key line items. First, gross margin decreased versus prior year, which is primarily due to foreign exchange and product mix. Operating expenses were higher than last year, particularly in MS&A, due to higher launch and pre-launch investments across therapeutic areas, as well as foreign exchange, which were partially offset by our realized synergies. Remember that at the same time period last year, our spend levels were lower than normal due to the initial wave of COVID. Our effective tax rate was 16.9%, primarily driven by our earnings mix, and overall non-GAAP EPS increased significantly year-over-year, primarily driven by our strong topline performance. Now switching gears to the balance sheet and our capital allocation on Slide 16, our liquidity position remains strong with over $13 billion in cash and marketable securities, and strong capture from operations of 3.1 billion in the quarter. Our capital allocations priorities remain unchanged. During the quarter, we continued to strengthen the balance sheet while renewing and diversifying our portfolio through business development. As Giovanni mentioned, we executed two deals during the quarter that both complement and diversify our Oncology portfolio with Agenus and Eisai. As it relates to continued debt reduction, our $4 billion tender offer, an additional $1.5 billion in maturities in the first half of the year, demonstrate our commitment to strong investment grade rating. As it relates to our share repurchases of the planned buyback to $3 billion to $4 billion this year, we have already bought back 3 billion to date, and will remain opportunistic as the year progresses. Now, turning to our 2021 guidance on slide 17, following this quarter's performance, we are reaffirming our top and bottom line non-GAAP guidance for the year, which reflects significant growth over last year. From a full-year revenue perspective, we continue to expect growth in the high-single-digits. In terms of phasing for the remainder of the year due to Eliquis ' coverage GAAP and an unwinding of Opdivo inventory that I noted earlier, we expect Q3 global revenues to be similar to Q2. However, we are encouraged by the strength in the business and expect full-year sales at the higher end of our guidance. We have updated our gross margin assumption to 80% for the full year, primarily due to product mix and the impact of foreign exchange. Moving to operating expenses, we are maintaining our full-year guidance on MS&A of low-single-digit increase and on R&D of mid-single digit increase.
Giovanni Caforio: In terms of phasing for OpEx, we expect it to increase quarter-over-quarter at a similar pace to the first half of the year. Based on that and the strength of the business, we are reaffirming non-GAAP diluted EPS of $7.35 and $7.55 for 2021. This quarter, we remain pleased not just with our performance, but also with the considerable progress we've made in executing our launches, and advancing our pipeline. I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.
Tim Power: Thanks David. Catherine, could we go to our first question please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll take the first question from Chris Schott of JP Morgan, please go ahead.
Chris Schott: Great. Cath, thank you so much for the questions. I guess the first one for me was on Opdivo, and maybe just a two-parter here. First of all, good to see that return to growth. But what are you seeing for Opdivo in terms of the COVID impact? I know you've talked in the past about some lingering kind of headwinds, but I just want to get the latest as we move through June and July. Is that business still depressed or are we starting to see a more normalized environment? And then, the second one on Opdivo was just a little bit more color on the roll out in gastric in terms of where we stand today in terms of penetration rates. Then my final question was just on the competitive environment for mavacamten in light of some of the recent competitor data. I just want to see, more broadly speaking, has there been any change in view or confidence in that asset at all? Thank you so much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you Chris. Let me ask Chris Boerner to answer your question about Opdivo, and then Samit will make some comments on the profile of Mavacamten.
Chris Boerner: Sure, thanks for the question, Chris. So let me start with the COVID impact. We have seen a recovery in the I-O market really coming out of Q1 and into Q2, and I would say that is recovery on multiple parameters. First, we've seen new patient claims. While they still lag pre-COVID levels, they've certainly improved quarter-over-quarter. I-O demand continues to recover versus the pre-COVID levels, and in fact grew about 5% quarter-over-quarter. And importantly, we've seen an increase in in-person engagement. Oncology still lacks other therapeutic areas, but increasingly, our field teams are able to engage live with our customers. And that's going to be really important, given the competitive nature of a number of these markets like first-line lung cancer. So I would say in general, COVID continues to be dynamic really across markets, and certainly that's true in oncology, but I would say there's been a general improvement as we exited Q1 and into Q2. As for how things are going in gastric cancer, I would say the gastric launch continues to go really very well. As you know, we have multiple indications now in gastric cancer, and I would say that in general the first-line metastatic launch is going quite well, our share is roughly 35%, and that's being led really by the gastric segment that we see really good utilization of Opdivo plus chemo in both GEJ and EAC as well, we're seeing use across all CPS levels. As you would expect, the majority is in the greater than 10%, but we are seeing strong uptake in less than 10% as well, and I would say execution has been very good. And in fact, we have the number 1 share of voice and we continue to build new trials, which is important at this stage in the launch. So overall, we're very happy with the performance in gastric.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks Chris, I would just -- thanks Chris, and Chris, I will just take on the Mavacamten question that you asked, and I guess the question is emerging from the Redwood data that we recently shared through a press release. And while it's truly an apples-to-oranges comparison, if we were to indulge in that, I would say that we don't see a differentiation as might have been perceived, and the reason for that is, if you'd look at it from an efficacy perspective, the measures were at a different time-point first of all, 10 weeks versus a 30-week trial for EXPLORER. Secondly, the differences or the primary endpoints that were measured were at rest and with valsalva maneuver who were in the Redwood trial versus during exercise. So if you were to compare those apples-to-apples, there is no differentiation that we see. From a safety perspective as well, when we talk about decreasing the ejection fraction, if you start with a higher ejection fraction, of course you will not see as big of a decrease below 50%, which was the case in the Redwood trial. We have patients enrolled in our EXPLORER study with a lower rejection fraction of 55% or lower. And therefore, when we compare apples-to-apples again, in fact, if anything, we could turn out to be better. At the end of it all, I would say we need to wait to see the data in the Phase 3 trial for the competitor molecule. We already have our Phase 3 data. We've already submitted and look forward to bringing it to patients with a PDUFA date in January.
Tim Power: Thanks Samit. Can we go to our next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take the next question of Geoff Meacham of Bank of America, please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Hey guys. Thanks for the question. Congrats on the quarter. I just had a few. On the cell therapy launches, you guys had a good quarter out of the gates. I wanted to ask you what the drivers of the next few quarters are, is it signing up more accounts, is it establishing better reimbursement?  And maybe just help us with kind of if you had any manufacturing bottlenecks. I know you guys have talked about that previously. And then on Deucravacitinib, maybe just help us with how you're thinking about what success looks like in ulcerative colitis, and also any additional thoughts that you've had? I know there's been a lot of discussion about potential labeling and differentiation versus JAKs, and maybe as you've had time to digest the recent data, could you just give some updated thoughts on that? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Geoff. So let's start with cell therapy. Let me just say first, really exciting, and the launch is off to a great start. It really demonstrates that our decision to invest in this technology and the differentiated nature of our two products is paying off. There is a lot of excitement. Let me ask Chris to give you more details and then Samit will give you his perspective on deucravacitinib. Chris?
Chris Boerner: Yeah. I would just reiterate what Giovanni just said. The commercial and medical launches for both products continues to be very strong.  We've seen good execution across the teams. Importantly for both Abecma and Breyanzi, the profiles for these products are resonating well with customers, in the case of Abecma as a first-in-class BCMA -targeted cell therapy and for Breyanzi as a best-in-class. One of the things we've seen across both products is there’s significant unmet need.  That's particularly true in the case of Abecma just given the fact that there are no other opportunities in many cases for these patients. And as a result, we've seen very strong demand for both products.  What I would say is for Breyanzi, the focus continues to be on ensuring the sites know how to manage these patients well, continuing to sell the best-in-class profile that we have with Breyanzi, and we're increasingly seeing interest in patients being referred to clinical trial sites who are managing that well with Breyanzi.  For Abecma, I would say the focus there continues to be engaging with customers around manufacturing capacity. As we had said previously, this is a space where because of the significant unmet need, and because we are the first BCMA targeted cell therapy in this space, the demand for this product has outstripped our current capacity to manufacture.  What I would say is the sole focus that we have there is on steadily increasing manufacturing capacity. We have a very strong team that's in place focused on this. We’re engaging obviously internally and externally with third parties including regulators to increase the number of slots that we have available for patients, and that's going to be the main focus on that product for the coming months.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks. And maybe I can take on the deucrava question in terms of ulcerative colitis for deucrava. As you know, with the TYK2 inhibitor, we know the downstream effect is the inhibition of IL-12 and IL-23 pathway.  These mechanisms are already proven to be effective in ulcerative colitis. So, we're truly looking forward to seeing the data at the end of the year from our Phase 2 study where we will get to see the induction data comparing deucrava versus placebo.  So we know what success would look like because there is proven mechanisms out there. We know what the efficacy that we would be looking for in a Phase 2 study to initiate our Phase 3 program. And the good news is, we also have the Crohn's disease study ongoing which we will lead out next year. So, a broad program that we will be able to take forward to really get the Phase 3 data to impact the second half of the decade following the Zeposia launch right now in that disease.
Tim Power: Thanks Samit, Catherine can we go to the next question please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take the next question from Terence Flynn at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn: All right. Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Congrats on the progress with the new products. Maybe two for me, just one follow-up on Abecma.  I was wondering if you could give us any guidance in terms of number of patients you can currently serve from your manufacturing facility that you have right now, and then remind us the timing to bring on additional capacity as again, I think you guys are building out some further capacity there, so any update on timing?  And then a question for Samit on the Factor XIa program, I know we talked about this last month, you have the data in-house, but any more perspective on how to think about starting up a trial on the AFib setting, or is that really contingent on seeing data from the second Phase 2 trial? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Terence. Chris, do you want to start on Abecma?
Chris Boerner: Sure. So as I said in the previous question, our focus continues to increase the available capacity that we have for this product, as I think we've discussed previously. We had increased the number of slots that were available for patients to August, and so we were able to increase to meet the demand in August, at the same time, we continue to see a shortage of vector that that is something that's been affecting multiple cell therapy products, and so we're keeping an eye on that, and what I would say, Terence, is that the situation on vector supply continues to be fairly dynamic.  And so with respect to when supply we'll ramp significantly. I would say that rather than put out a date that would likely shift, I'll just say that this continues to be a top priority for us. Our sole focus continues to be on increasing the supply to meet the near-term anticipated commercial demand.  And then, obviously, we have a longer-term focus on ensuring more stable, long-term supply for vector that would be available to support both of these products. But that's where the situation sits for Abecma.
Samit Hirawat: In terms for Milvexian or Factor XIa inhibitor, what I would say is that what we've seen, that's far from the total knee replacement study. We are very pleased with that. The trial showed exactly what we anticipated it to show.  And we do believe along with our collaborator, Janssen, that we do need the second trial data as collectively the two trials will form the basis for the clinical development plan. Remember, in the first study in the TKR study, we you only have about two weeks of dosing with a single-agent Factor XIa inhibitor, whereas in the second trial, in secondary stroke prevention, we have the background therapy of doublet antiplatelet therapy as well, went up to three months of dosing.  And so that longevity will be important to understand the overall safety profile, and that will obviously then be able to go into Phase 3 program. Not only just [Indiscernible], but we're thinking of other indications as well.
Tim Power: Thank you Samit. Catherine could you go to next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take the next question off Andrew Baum at Citi, please go ahead.
Andrew Baum: Thank you. Couple of questions. First, we didn't hear so much about your earlier generation of immuno-oncology programs before the transaction. There has been a number of papers out on the importance of T-rate depletion and ADCC, with parts of the [Indiscernible] mechanism, and I know you have your [Indiscernible] postulated molecule in a fairly large trial.  Could you update us on when me might expect to see some results, and just your general level of enthusiasm on that approach for a validated target? And then second, in light of the Aduhelm approval, and particularly the biomarker, how is this thinking influencing you of your assets in neurodegenerative disease?  Obviously, you've been invested historically in that space. Is this a catalyst for Bristol to reenter that segment?
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Andrew. Let me make just a couple of very high-level comments and then Samit will take both of your questions. So first of all, with respect to IO, I think we're really excited about the opportunity to launch our third I-O agent potentially soon, which is Relatlimab in metastatic melanoma. And that really shows how we are progressing and extending, in fact, the strength of our I-O franchise. With respect to the CNS, again Samit will address your question in more detail. From my perspective, I'd like to say is this is
Giovanni Caforio: a research area that we committed to, in fact, as part of the cell gene research strategy a few years ago, we are really excited to have a number of early programs that are continuing to advance, is primarily driven by a really interesting set of external partnerships. Let me ask Samit to give you more detail on both of those topics.
Samit Hirawat: Andrew, I think from a CTLA-4 perspective, as you know, we have three molecules and developing the backup CTLA-4, probody non-fucosylated and fucosylated molecules. The trials are ongoing, as you said, very well, and we are actually looking forward to see the data towards the end of the year, as well as in early part of next year.  That will certainly pave the way for new trials, looking at combinations with our pipeline, with Opdivo as well as other molecules that you just heard from Giovanni, we have [Indiscernible], and then new additions to our pipeline with Tigits as well as the ADC that we recently acquired.  Those clinical development plans are being formulated and appropriate indications are yet to be chosen based on the activity that we would see from these trials. To your second question on the recent approval on Alzheimer's disease and then how to see that data and what to do with that, we do believe, as Giovanni said, that our focus on neurology and neurodegenerative disease has continued to be there and will continue actually to increase from there onwards.  The way we look at that data is now that the threshold has been set from a regulatory perspective -- it was hard to gauge before what endpoints to really shoot for and what was the threshold.  Now that we know what the threshold is, it is now probably going to be better or easier to develop studies because there is the regulatory path forward. As you recall, we recently had announced our collaboration with [Indiscernible], and looking forward to make our way into the clinical studies with that Tau inhibitor with a differentiated mechanism that we will be able to take forward, more to follow in the future.
Tim Power: Thanks so much. Catherine, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take the next question from Seamus Fernandez at Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Seamus Fernandez: Great. Thanks for the question. So first on Abecma, just wanted to get a better sense of where capacity could potentially go to, and if there is any visibility on the vector dynamics and perhaps when that might really -- is that entirely reflective of -- is that more reflective of the situation in terms of vector manufacturing and capability to do both or is it a global market dynamic associated with the use of nucleic acid -targeted therapies?  Just wanted to get a sense of what the impacts are there. And then what would the hopes for expansion of capacity capability to be in 2022 relative to 2021? Do you have any sense of timing improvement for the vectors as it relates to Abecma?  Second question. Just wanted to get a little bit of a better sense of the ongoing strategy, the number of targets that you guys are pursuing specifically in multiple myeloma.  You have a huge number of programs ongoing there. Just wanted to have you guys talk a little bit about prioritization in that regard and where you see the most opportunity for new products in that space, whether it be the CELMoDs or bispecific, the T-cell engager. Just wondering where we're going to see some acceleration in those programs there. Thank you so much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks very much. So on Abecma, let me just say to your question. The supply chain of -- globally, the supply chain for vector is very dynamic. [Indiscernible] issue, but rather a really complex issue across the industry. I will ask Chris to -- whether there is anything he wants to add, and then we'll talk with Samit about our strategy multiple myeloma, as I mentioned, excited to have the Iberdomide Phase 2 data in house, which is a really important step forward for us. Chris, anything to add on Abecma?
Chris Boerner: Yeah, the only thing I would add is Seamus just there are sort of 2 dynamics at play with Abecma. One is the significant demand that we're seeing in the marketplace, which is, I would say, a function of the fact that there's significant unmet need, the profile of Abecma is very strong, and the fact that you've seen a bolus of patients who have been really reserved for these therapies, and this therapy in particular, when it launched.  So there's very strong demand, and so obviously there's an internal focus on increasing our ability to supply that demand, which has exceeded the supply that we anticipated having to deliver into the marketplace.  The second thing I would say, is this broader global issue around vector supply. That's something we've been hearing from customers that's impacting multiple cell therapy products, and obviously as we think about our strategy, not only for the end of this year, but really as we get into next year, our focus is going to be ensuring a more stable long-term supply of vector.  And that's something we will be happy to update on as we have more details to provide. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Actually it's from multiple myeloma perspective, we certainly remain the leaders in multiple myeloma, and want to continue to progress on that path, and we have a very strong pipeline as you very well mentioned.  There are 3 pillars to the multiple myeloma strategy. Number one, the cell mods, and we intend to use the cell mods as the future backbones replacing the IMiDs that are currently out there. In that regard, the strategy is two pronged. One is a single-agent entering in the late line of therapy.  The first data we've seen with Iberdomide already, and then next year we will see the data for [Indiscernible], the second cell-mod, which is more potent. And then progressing them further up the line in terms of combinations, you might see on clinicaltrials.gov, we've already announced and are initiating a trial in patients who have received two to three prior lines of therapy, as a combination of Iberdomide, the [Indiscernible] compared to Velcade to dexamethasone.  And that strategy will continue as we go further up the line with the cell-mods. The second pillar is the BCMA targeted therapies. First of which is already approved, that is Abecma. And the idea for Abecma will too again move further up the line for eligible patients who can receive cell therapies.  CARMA3 is currently enrolling, looking at patients who have received 3 prior lines of therapy, and then intention would be to go further up the line again for the right patient population. Now, not all patients can get cell therapy because of comorbidities or other reasons, and therefore other BCMA directed therapies are going to be important, and that's where the T-cell engagers and the ADC come in to play, but they are very early in development right now, in Phase one studies, and so more to follow on that.  Our prioritization, our belief remains very strong that patients with multiple myeloma still are not cured and we will require combination therapies in the future with multiple targets and multiple modalities and we'll progress accordingly.
Tim Power: Thanks, Samit. Catherine, could we go to our next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take the next question from Tim Anderson at Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. Eliquis continued to do well. Of course, one thing that could derail would be an appeal for a ruling overturning the Lower Court. Can you just give us your expectation for a timeline on an appeal to court ruling?  And then, second question. Just mavacamten -- it feels like there's kind of a back story on the regulatory front why you guys got the standard review. Because at the time of that deal, you did expect and you had it in your slides, it's like you'd get a second half 2021 launch.  So a fair amount of time has elapsed since you got the standard review and I'm wondering if you can share what concern s the agency may have. It seems like there may be some concerns about not having long enough -- pretty good regulatory duration in terms of efficacy.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. Thanks Tim. Samit, do you want to start with the second question?
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Absolutely. For Mavacamten, Tim, we've already filed for Mavacamten, the FDA has already accepted the file. We have a PDUFA date. So those concerns I think are relieved and our -- we are really looking forward to bringing these exciting data, as well as the medicine to patients with obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.  As you know with Mavacamten, we have other plans that are already ongoing and in execution in other disease types as well. So we don't see it as a showstopper in any which way, and looking forward to really the readout on the regulatory side, also bringing it globally to other parts of the world.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Samit. And with respect your first question, Tim on the IP litigation for Eliquis, first of all, as you know, we're very pleased with the decision that was made by the court in that summer, which really confirms the strength of not only the composition of matter patent, but also our formulation patent. And as you mentioned, there is an appeal that has been filed and the hearing is scheduled in September. So we look forward to hearing the result of that process.
Tim Power: Thanks, Giovanni. Catherine, could we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Well, now to the next question from Carter Gould with Barclays, please go ahead.
Carter Gould: Good morning guys. Thanks and congrats on the results so far. Maybe just first on Reblozyl. Can you talk about the headwinds you're still seeing from COVID, and also, as you think about XUS kind of ramping over the second half of the year, any color on expectations or additional countries you expect to launch in?  And then maybe coming back to Iberdomide, some of you talked about the combination study that got posted on clintrials.gov. Can you just talk a little bit more around demonstrating clinical meaningfulness in the setting, where obviously you're going to have generic IMiDs in the not-too-distant future, and you're still in the study, you're comparing against -- there's no IBID in the comparison.  So just really kind of driving home the importance of cell mods in this setting, would be helpful. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks for the questions. There's really good dynamics on Reblozyl. Let me ask Chris to give you a better perspective before we call our Iberdomide with Samit.
Chris Boerner: Thanks for the question, Carter. So with respect to COVID I would say it's very similar to the answer I gave previously on COVID, I think the dynamics in that market are still evolving, we've not yet seen a full return to normal.  But what I would say is in the quarter, we also there saw an improvement both with respect to new patients entering the clinic and being given access to therapy, as well as importantly, again, our field team's ability to interact with customers, and that's going to be really important here because you've got to continue to push on an urgency to treat these patients, many of whom have been treated for considerable time on ESAs.  So those dynamics we think are very favorable and bode well for continued growth opportunities for us as we go into the second half of the year. And with respect to the XUS launches, say it's still very early days, but what we've seen is very good customer reception in early-launch markets like Germany.  The execution in those markets have been good. As COVID continues to improve there and we're able to engage with customers more, we see those dynamics continuing to improve over the course of the year. And then we have, of course, additional launches as access at this period, most notably with Belgium, the Netherlands, France, and Italy in the coming months.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks Chris. And for Iberdomide, the way I look at it is. there is a progression of how we move forward, and how we move up the line. If you recall, over the last couple of meetings at ASCO as as well as ASH, we've been able to show the overall profile for Iberdomide, because of it's tolerability, the combinability is good.  So we've been able to combine with Dara, we've been able to combine with KYPROLIS, as well as with Velcade. So this is just one of the first studies that we have launched in the Phase III setting in the randomized trials.  As you know, there is a Phase II study that is also ongoing doing a head-to-head comparison of Revlimid vs. Iberdomide in Europe through E&M, and we will get to see the data that will form the basis of the future Phase III trial there. And there will be other studies that will be coming through, where you'll start to see the comparisons versus the [Indiscernible] as well.
Tim Power: Thanks Samit. Catherine can we go to the next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take the next question from Luisa Hector of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Luisa Hector: Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to come back to Deucravacitinib. You talked about a potential launch in the second half of next year. Is that a delay? And I know previously you've commented on your plans to build out your dermatology sales force towards the end of this year, is that still the plan or does that shift slightly into next year? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Luisa. Let me say, we're really excited getting ready for deucrava. There is no delay, but I'll ask Samit to give you more perspective and then Chris will talk about commercial preparation.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thanks, Giovanni. And Luisa, thanks for your question as well. There is one thing that we need to remember; that this is an NDA, not an SNDA, and certainly two very large studies.  This is a priority for the Company. We are certainly looking forward to launching in the second half of next year and certainly we will share the acceptance of the file as the file is validated by the regulatory agencies.  There is no other way to say it, but we are excited about the data with the efficacy and the safety that you've shared before.
Chris Boerner: And what I would say in terms of the commercial and medical build-out is that's well underway. We feel very good about where we are and the quality of the teams that we've been able to put in place.  Medical has been in place for a number of months, and I would say those teams have very deep dermatology experience. We obviously have our key internal roles that have been filled, and are in the process of building our launch planning. Our plan is and has been to build out the sales teams in the second half of this year.  We feel very good about where we are in that timing, and our anticipation is that we're going to be ready for launch whenever the approval comes, and so really no change in how we're thinking about building out the commercial teams.
Tim Power: Right. Thanks. Catherine, could we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take the next question from Steve Scala of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Steve Scala: Thank you. I have a few questions. Regarding the Factor XIa DTE total knee replacement Phase 2 data, Samit, you said that the trial showed exactly what was expected. Can you remind us of what you expected? For instance, did you expect 0 bleeds?  Second, has the FDA asked any questions on Deucravacitinib CV risk? And if so, what was the nature of those questions? And then lastly, do you expect an FDA panel for Mavacamten? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Steve. Let me ask Samit to address all 3 of your questions.
Samit Hirawat: So for Factor XIa, Steve, what -- when I say we got what we wanted is it was a multi-arm study where we looked at single daily dose as well as BID and it was a dose range. What we wanted from the study was to give us an inkling on, number 1, the safety profile that we were observing, as well as to see what is the goals that we should take to Phase 3.  And that's what we intended from the study and that's what we got. And plus, we wanted to see the therapeutic index overall, what dose range one can use in the future programs and that's what we got. Of course, you'll hear more as the data are presented later this year, but this is where we started off in the TTR study and that's what we got.  On the Deucrava study that you asked about what the cardiovascular risk questions, etc., from the regulatory agencies, of course, we will not comment on our conversations with the regulatory agencies. Having said that, you've seen the data, we've shown what the non-existence of the cardiovascular risk, in the follow-up that we have for Deucravacitinib, and we're very pleased with the profile that we currently have, which is very differentiated.  On the Mavacamten side, once again, not commenting on the regulatory strategies and regulatory conversations, but we continue to look forward to the PDUFA date in January, and we are certainly very excited with the data on that side as well.
Tim Power: Thanks Samit. And Catherine, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take the next question from Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess 2 from me following up on a couple of questions from before on. On Factor XI, can you just maybe put the secondary stroke trial into context?  What is a good outcome from that study when we see the results later this year? And then second, on the cell mods, especially now that you have some data in-house, what do you see as the quickest regulatory plan to get that to market? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Matthew. Let me ask Samit to address both of your questions.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Matt. For Factor XIa from the secondary stroke prevention, the aim of the trial is to be able to see if Factor XIa can be combined with the background therapy of anti-platelet agents.  And that's what we're looking forward to, because as you recall, Factor Xa inhibitors that are out there have a higher risk of bleeding when they are combined with anti-platelet therapies. So that's what the good outcome would look like if we can actually manage that risk profile that is there, and that will then pave the way for taking it forward into indications that are to be discussed with our partners and of course, with the agencies in the future.  For cell mods, as Giovanni already shared with -- in his prepared remarks, you've seen the data from the Phase 2 trial of Iberdomide. we're looking forward to having those conversations will be with the health agencies, based on the overall response rate data, and the overall profile that we have for Iberdomide, and then that will pave the way for seeing if we can bring the drug to market with these data or not. And we'll share those as we know more.
Giovanni Caforio: Let me just say that with cell mods, we have been discussing the progress with this platform for some time, and I think it's really good to be seen now than we have 5 of those agents in the clinic, and the Iberdomide data is really the beginning of looking at really important proof-of-concept data on a number of assets, and I'm really pleased that this platform is progressing so well. I think it's going to be really important for us going forward.
Tim Power: Thanks, Giovanni. Catherine can we go to our next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Matt Phipps of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Matt Phipps: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Another Factor Xa -- XIa question. Do you have any thoughts on the recent antibody results in some of vaccine that were published in New England Journal of Medicine last week. Obviously, a nice VT prevention, but no real difference in bleeding rates, which might be expected, given that was a smaller size study.  And then I guess just any general thoughts on an antibody versus smaller molecule approach. And then lastly, can you just confirm if any additional clinical studies for Deucra, whether it be a longer follow-up or any healthy participant data with PDI or anything is needed prior to submission?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Let me start on the Factor XIa, I will hold myself from commenting on anybody else's studies, but certainly there's a specificity of the antibodies that we have to keep in mind. On the other hand, then you have to keep in mind the oral versus IV aspect of things, and oral versus subcutaneous, which will be very important in the future development and the patient burden, as well as the healthcare system.  So we'll need to continue to monitor that, and then we'll compare the results when full results are available for our program, and then other programs as well, as we take into account Phase 3 development.  For Deucravacitinib, as we have previously talked about, we are looking forward to the approval in the second half of next year, so we're not waiting for additional studies from that perspective, unless of course, they become a part of the conversations with the health agencies.
Tim Power: I think we maybe have time for one last question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take the next question from Dane Leone at Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Dane Leone: Thank you very much for taking the questions and getting one last in here for me, and I appreciate the updates across the portfolio. Just one quick one to wrap things up on Factor XIa. How do you see the program evolving?  Obviously, you've seen it's not encouraged by the results you have in-house that will be represented later on TKR. But are you going to take additional compounds into the clinic? You recently published a paper on 724, 296 that look promising.  Just thinking about your competitors and the multipronged approach they are taking versus how you see the program expanding over time. Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you for the question. For Factor XIa we are pleased with the profile that we have thus far for Factor XIa that is in the clinic already, the milvexian molecule. We do have a backup, but that is progressing, as one would always have a backup plan, at its own pace, we're not accelerating that.  We are looking forward to seeing the data for the secondary stroke prevention study early next year, and that will then pave the way for Phase 3 program. Nothing more to add from that perspective at this time.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you Samit, and thank you all for joining us today. As we've discussed throughout the call, we had a very successful quarter. We delivered strong results, consistent with our strategy by continuing to grow revenue, execute on new launches, and advance our pipeline.  I'm proud of what our team have accomplished so far this year, including the attainment of several important milestones, and I'm really encouraged by what we are doing for patients, I believe we're very well positioned for the future.  I'd like to thank everybody for participating in the call, and of course, our team is available to answer any additional questions you may have. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bristol Myers Squibb 2021 First Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Power: Thanks Keith. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our first quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call for Q&A are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you'll see, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can use to follow along with for today's remarks. But before we get started, let me read our forward-looking statements. During today's call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of those non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. And good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying that I'm proud of our continued strong execution during a global pandemic and the significant progress we're making against our strategy. I want to recognize and thank our global employees for their hard work and resilience through this challenging time. Now turning to Slide 4. At the start of the year, I laid out our strategy to grow our business and renew our portfolio through the end of the decade. During the first quarter, we delivered strong results consistent with the strategy. We successfully grew our revenues, launched new medicines and new indications for IO and continued to advance our pipeline. Starting with our financial performance, our revenue grew 3%, despite the impact of COVID-19 related buying patterns in Q1 of last year. Our quarter was strong four sales and EPS in the context of COVID-related dynamics for some of our products. Based on continued strength in our business, we are affirming our full-year non-GAAP guidance for 2021. The accelerated renewal of our portfolio advanced across all four key therapeutic areas. Through regulatory and clinical readouts we're building a more diversified, younger portfolio that will fuel our growth through the decade and beyond. Although there remains uncertainty with how the COVID recovery will evolve, we are actively planning to return colleagues to the workplace and are prioritizing plans to fully bring our sales reps back into field where conditions allow to further support our inline products and launches.  Let's turn to our execution score card on Slide 5. I am pleased that we've already made solid progress across the Board, during Q1. Specifically, in oncology, Opdivo is the first and only IO agent with a first line approval in gastric cancer. Combined with our opportunities in metastatic and adjuvant esophageal cancer, Opdivo can become the leading IO medicine for patients with early and advanced GI cancers. We have strengthened the growth and long-term sustainability of our IO franchise with a positive Phase 3 clinical trial for Relatlimab. We're now the only company with three proven IO mechanisms. Building on our leadership position in melanoma with the Opdivo plus Yervoy regimen, we've now demonstrated a clinically meaningful PFS benefit on top of PD1 monotherapy for a second IO agent, which is a great accomplishment knowing the high efficacy of PD1 monotherapy in first-line melanoma. This is great news for patients with advanced melanoma and we look forward to presenting the data at ASCO in June. Beyond IO, six of our eight near-term launches are now successfully underway. In hematology, we made great progress in our cell therapy franchise with U.S. approvals of Breyanzi and Abecma. Our other new product launches are also progressing well. A lot is happening in immunology. We presented Phase 3 data for deucrava, which we expect to file later this year. We see this as an important medicine for patients and the company with significant revenue potential. As you know, deucrava is the first-in-class selective, TYK2 inhibitor with the potential to become the new oral standard of care in moderate to severe psoriasis. It also has broader potential to treat diseases such as psoriatic arthritis, IBD and lupus.  In our mid-stage pipeline, we initiated the Phase 3 study for Cendakimab in eosinophilic esophagitis. And in CV, we filed mavacamten with the FDA and have a PDUFA date of early next year. Given the potential for our early-stage pipeline with multiple assets across therapeutic areas and modalities, including protein homeostasis, cell therapy, and next generation biologics, we are planning a more in-depth session with you sometime in the fall. To update you on the progress within our pipeline and how that further supports the long-term potential of the company. Now turning to Slide 6. Our team's execution as a new company so far has been remarkable and reinforces my confidence in our ability to capitalize on the potential for future growth. We remain focused on growing our business between 2020 and 2025. Most importantly, we expect that in 2025, our LOE products will constitute less than 10% of our business, with at least one third of our continuing business coming from our launch portfolio. We believe our new launch portfolio has significant potential with $20 billion to $25 billion of known the risk adjusted sales potential in 2029. And this does not include the potential medicines that could come from our mid or early-stage pipeline. To close, I’m confident we have established a strong foundation for our future growth. The strength of our execution, promising launch opportunities ahead, the breadth of our pipeline and strength of our balance sheet positions us very well. I will now turn it over to David to walk you through the financials. David?
David Elkins: Thank you, Giovanni. And thank you all for joining our call today. I'd like to start with our strong top-line performance on Slide 8. Our continued sales growth of 3% was driven by strong operational performance. When excluding approximately $500 million of COVID-related buying patterns we experienced last year, underlying sales growth was strong up 8% or 6% excluding the benefits of foreign exchange as our teams continue to execute very well on operating in a mostly virtual environment. I’ll now provide additional color on the performance of our key brands and new launches, starting with Eliquis on Slide 9. This was another strong quarter for Eliquis. As global sales were up 9%, despite the unwinding of the fourth quarter inventory build and the approximately $350 million COVID-related build we experienced this time last year. In the U.S. first quarter sales increased 8% versus prior year, driven by strong demand with total prescriptions of 11% due to the strength of our position as the number one [indiscernible]. First quarter sales also included the impact of a one-time true-up of approximately $160 million related to the Medicare coverage gap. As we look towards the second half of the year, we expect similar dynamics from the coverage gap as we've seen in prior years. We remain optimistic about the continued growth opportunity for Eliquis since we seen both new to brand NOAC volumes returned to pandemic levels, as well as accelerate switching for warfarin. Internationally, sales remain strong growing 11% versus prior year. Eliquis continues to be the number one NOAC in multiple key markets internationally with significant room to grow. We remain very pleased with the execution of Eliquis around the world and expect to continue to grow Eliquis share within a growing class. Now turning to Opdivo on Slide 10. As it relates to the first quarter performance in the U.S., first-line lung shares remained in the low double digits within the IL eligible population. The launch of our Opdivo plus Cabo indication in first-line renal is going well in further builds and our strong position in that space with significant uptake in the unfavorable segment where Opdivo plus Yervoy not indicated. That we did see some impact from COVID during the quarter, as the resurgence of the virus earlier in the year impacted [indiscernible] infusion. We remain very confident and Opdivo is returned to growth this year. Further supporting this growth, we're also very pleased with the recent approval of CheckMate -649 as Opdivo plus chemo is now the first IO regimen approved in first-line gastric cancer. We look forward to launching additional indications in early stage diseases across the esophageal and muscle invasive bladder cancers, which are expected to further contribute to our growth later this year. Additionally, we have multiple opportunities for future growth, including CheckMate -648 for treatment in first-line esophageal cancer, which we announced met its primary endpoints, as well as from other trials that we'll read out over time. Outside the U.S., sales are up 2% due to favorable effects of foreign exchange. We are encouraged to see strong adoption of new approvals and increase reimbursement, including the -9LA regimen in Europe and both -9LA regimen and -227 regimens in Japan. These dynamics offset the second line indications and the impact of COVID. Looking forward, we expect to expand the use of Opdivo in several additional indications currently under review. All in all, we remain very excited about the growth outlook for Opdivo. Moving to Slide 11. I'd like to touch on our in line multiple myeloma portfolio. In the U.S., Revlimid sales are flat. Its growth was offset by the expected work down of last quarter inventory build. We also saw the expected seasonality that Revlimid and Pomalyst experience due to patients entering the coverage gap early in the year. Outside the U.S., we saw a 4% increase primarily from foreign exchange, as well as strong demand for triplet based therapies, which offset the approximate $100 million combined impact of an inventory build in a tender last year. This resulted in a 1% increase for Revlimid globally. Global Pomalyst revenues were up 8%. This was driven by overall strong demand from triplet based regimens and use in earlier lines. Now we want to spend a few minutes sharing the progress we've made in the quarter on our recent launches on Slide 12. Our launch has contributed $145 million in sales in the quarter. Let's start with Reblozyl, which generated $112 million in the first quarter. We continue to be pleased at the launch in uptake in new patient starts. We continue to see the transition from initial bolus to underlying demand. And while this market has seen some COVID impact, we remain focus on continuing to drive new starts for patients earlier in their treatment journey. Our initial launches and international markets are going well. And we will continue to add markets globally over the course of the year as we receive reimbursement. Moving to Zeposia, where we continue to see good traction establishing the brand as the S1P modulator choice in multiple sclerosis. Positive initial prescribing experiences are translating into repeat scripts. And we are also encouraged to see patients convert to commercial supply at a quicker rate than before. Beyond multiple sclerosis, we look forward to launching Zeposia in ulcerative colitis with FDA approval expected at the end of May. Outside the U.S., we're pleased that Zeposia to MS launches in several markets and we will continue to secure reimbursement in additional markets as the year progresses. The marketing authorization application for ulcerative colitis also remains under review in New York with approval expected toward the end of this year. Turning the Onureg. We continue to be encouraged by the launch where our teams remain focused on establishing the profile as the first and only oral treatment to demonstrate an overall survival benefit in the first-line maintenance setting of AML. Physician feedback and awareness had been positive and our focus remains on shaping and establishing Onureg and a new maintenance segment of the AML treatment paradigm, which we know will take some time. Outside the U.S., we recently received a positive opinion from the CHMP with approval expected this year. Turning to our new literally established cell therapy franchise on Slide 13. We are very excited to have launched two differentiate cell therapies for patients. Following a recent approval of Breyanzi and large B-cell lymphoma and BCMA in multiple myeloma. First regarding Breyanzi, our best-in-class CD-19. While we are early in the launch messages around efficacy and outpatient utilization are resonating, with high aided awareness among CAR-T treaters. We have also been very pleased at the rapid activation of our treatment sites, as we now have approximately 55 sites activated with patients already apheresed and recently infused. And as it relates to BCMA, we're excited to have first ever BCMA CAR-T approved for patients with highly refractory multiple myeloma, where we're just a few weeks into the launch we encouraged by the enthusiasm we are hearing from customers for the treatment. We also see a real opportunity for synergy from the combined execution of these two therapies. The BCMA is able to leverage the existing and growing site footprint of Breyanzi. For both these important medicines, our priorities to expanding the site footprint, the rapid account activation and maximizing our differentiated profiles while ensuring a seamless customer experience. Now, let me take you through a few items on the P&L on Slide 14. First, as we said, our gross margin will continue to be largely a function of product mix. And then in the first quarter, our gross margin rate was impacted by the strength of Eliquis in addition to foreign exchange. Operating expenses reflect continue MS&A investment in our multiple launches across various therapeutic areas. And that relate to our tax rate, our effective rate in quarter was 16.8%, which reflects our earnings mix for the quarter. Now, switching gears to the balance sheet and our capital allocation on Slide 15. Our liquidity position remains strong with approximately $13 billion in cash and marketable securities, including strong cash flow from operations of nearly $4 billion in the quarter. Regarding capital allocation business development remains our top priority for the company, and we will continue to evaluate opportunities to complement our internal innovation. With regards to our debt reduction this quarter, we've demonstrated our commitment to strong investment grade credit rating by accelerating our repayment of debt via $4 billion tender and redemption. We are also committed to returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.  Recall, that we increased our share repurchase authorization by $2 billion at the start of the year. And that we planned to buyback between $3 billion and $4 billion in shares this year. In the first quarter, we have already repurchased $1.8 billion toward that goal. And we will remain opportunistic as the year progresses. Now turning to our 2021 guidance on Slide 16. Following this quarter’s performance, we are reaffirming our non-GAAP guidance for the year, which reflects significant growth over last year. Our businesses have remained resilient and our launch opportunities are coming to fruition. Again, I'm pleased, not just the performance, but also with the considerable progress we made in executing our launches and advancing our pipeline. And now I'd like to turn the call back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.
Tim Power: Great. Thanks very much, David. Keith, can we go for our first question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our first question from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks for taking the question. It looks like the clinical trials.gov listing for your Factor XIa Phase 2 study in total knee replacement is now showing a completion data this month. So just wondering if we could actually get data from that trial here over the near term? And then looking back at enoxaparin rate of bleeding this setting, it looks to be about 4% to 5%. So just wondering what level of differentiation there you're looking for? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Terence. Good morning. Samit, I will pass the two questions on Factor XIa into you.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Terence. Looking forward to the readout of the first trial and the total knee replacement setting, which is testing the single agent Factor XIa in the next couple of months as we look forward now and also as we've spoken before, the second trial would read out in the early part of next year as well. In totality, it will be the one determining factor to really ascertain truly the overall safety. And of course what we can gain in terms of efficacy to define the plan as we move forward. So more to come on that, I did not go into the specifics of what level of improvement we are trying to look for. Those are going to be defined with the differences that we see, but again, we've said before, if we can produce another agent for prevention of clotting and thrombosis at the level that is similar in efficacy, but better safety profile, that is what we looking for and certainly looking forward to the data in combination with anti-platelet agents as well. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks Samit. Keith, can we go to our next one, please.
Operator: We will take our next question. It comes from Chris Schott of JPMorgan.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks so much. Just two questions here. Maybe first, just maybe elaborate a little bit more in terms of LAG-3 and its role in the market, I guess, should we be thinking about this combo mostly as a kind of monotherapy competitor, or is this something that you think from efficacy standpoint can stand up against an Opdivo, Yervoy type of combo? And then my second question was just a little bit more color on the Opdivo adjuvant launches, as we think about kind of treatment rates and development of these markets. Just a little bit more color of how do we think about the esophageal and bladder kind of ramps as we think about kind of this year. So are these big 2021 events, or is this going to take a couple of years to really see that the opportunity for those indications? Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. So first on LAG-3, let me share my enthusiasm for fixed dose combination, which represents it really important data to validate a third immuno-oncology agent from the company. And let me ask Chris to give you his perspective on dynamics and in melanoma and where that fixed dose combination may play and then give you insights into the uptake in adjuvant.
Chris Boerner: Yes. Thanks for the, thanks for the question Chris. So let me start with LAG-3. So first let me say that we are very excited and pleased with the data readout that we've seen for the third IO that we have from BMS. The results are very encouraging and I think seeing an enhanced activity on top of Opdivo in melanoma, that's a pretty high bar. And so we're excited about the opportunity to bring this to patients. In terms of where it fits, you remember the current landscape of first-line melanoma, Opdivo, Yervoy represents about 35% to 40% of first-line melanoma. Approximately 30% of this market is still single agent IO, and you've got another 30% that is non-IO. So we think there's a real clear opportunity here for us to drive the benefit of relatlimab plus Opdivo into that population. There's clearly a continued unmet need with physicians looking for additional options that have a dual IO like effect, and we're looking forward to bringing that combination to patients as we work our way through the regulatory process. In terms of the adjuvant opportunities, again, this is going to be an important opportunity as we get into the latter half of this year, and certainly as we look about –look for the growth opportunities beyond 2021. You noted esophageal and the upcoming opportunity with bladder, we're very excited about those. With adjuvant esophageal, this is a substantial patient population with considerable unmet need. The treatment rates here are relatively low today just given the lack of approved therapies. So we would anticipate that over time. We'll be able to drive utilization both in terms of the patients who are being treated today, which is relatively small and then improve treatment rates over time much the way we did you'll recall in adjunct melanoma. And we would expect a similar dynamic to play out as we launch in bladder cancer as well. And so very excited about those opportunities and look forward to seeing those launches play out in the coming months.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Chris. Can we go to our next question please, Keith?
Operator: Our next question comes from Seamus Fernandez of Guggenheim.
Seamus Fernandez: Well, great. Thanks for the question. So I wanted to follow up on Chris' question as it relates to LAG-3. I noticed at the – as one of the ASCO abstracts. There's also an adjuvant trial that is supposed to really reports some data. I assume that this is just a single arm trial, but what's Bristol hoping for in adjuvant melanoma in particular as well as the planned acceleration of the non-small cell lung cancer opportunity. Just hoping that Samit could maybe opine a little bit, or give us a little bit of visibility on where do you see LAG-3 kind of potentially fitting in on the lung cancer side? And then separately just wanted to get a little bit of a better sense of your thoughts around the stroke, the SSPs [ph] trial with Factor XI still first half of next year. And maybe you could just remind us of the opportunity that you see there. In our view, we think that could be a $4 billion plus opportunity. That's really not reflected in expectations, but nobody knows this space better than Bristol-Myers Squibb given your experience with Plavix. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Thanks, Seamus. And thanks for the question. So let me just say before I pass it to Samit, to answer both of your questions that, what are you look forward to presenting the LAG-3 data at ASCO. I think it's going to be a great opportunity to show the strength of the data and on Factor XIa, let me just agree with you. This is a space we know extremely well where we've demonstrated our ability to be successful with Plavix, of course, going back a few years and with Eliquis, we're seeing as we speak now with the current performance of Eliquis. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yes, thank you, Giovanni. And certainly very excited to see the data coming out great for the patients, and certainly very happy with where we going in the pipeline for LAG-3 in oncology for BMS as well. Overall, the natural progression after seeing the data in the first line setting of addition of relatlimab on top of nivo would be to go into the adjuvant setting. And that's where you began – beginning to hear a lot more, that we'll be progressing into a Phase 3 program in the adjuvant setting for this core formulation that we now have as a fixed dose combination for Opdivo plus relatlimab. Certainly more to follow as we look deeper into the data for the metastatic trial to gain a more in-depth knowledge on the biomarkers, as well as the long-term follow-up that will come from the current 047 trial that will continue to evolve in terms of our knowledge. Now, the second part which you asked is about the non-small cell lung cancer opportunities, certainly excited to have started the early [indiscernible] generation trial, as well as looking at that combination of nivo plus relatlimab plus chemotherapy to see where we can take it. And that's the idea behind accelerating the enrollment in that trial. So that by the end of the year, we can initiate a Phase 3 program in that setting if we have tolerability that is demonstrated in that early trial that we're looking at. In addition to that, you continue to hear evolution of the data, potentially hepatocellular carcinoma that we're looking also to have – some look into in the Phase 2 study, and that can open up additional indications that we look forward. Beyond that in the SSP trial, yes, we are still looking forward to the readout in the early part of 2022. As I said earlier, there are two opportunities. Opportunity number one is to improve on the current anticoagulation paradigm with a single agent and then opportunity number two is to expand the use of anticoagulants to the background therapy of antiplatelet agents. And those are the two studies that together will form the basis of the clinical development plan that we are thinking through, whether it'd be the venous side or the arterial side of thrombosis. 
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Samit. We will go to the next question, please, Keith.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Anderson of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. I have a kind of a higher level question on the PD-1 space. Can you just talk about your longer term view on whether price competition in this category is kind of eminent or eventually will happen in developed markets, both U.S. and Europe. The space is clearly getting more crowded with both domestically produced PD-1 as well as those sourced from Chinese biopharma companies. And while price competition usually is not a winning strategy, it might be the only lever of lots of these other companies can pull. And I think at least in China, as many, it started to recognize the PD-1 category. It has become a commoditized class. So lots of folks are trying to figure out what precludes this from happening outside of China. Can you articulate your views here? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. Let me ask Chris to give you our perspective on a really important topic.
Chris Boerner: Yes, thanks for the question, Tim. We obviously think about this quite a bit, as we think about the number of new PD-1 entrance in the market, we really look at it on two dimensions. First, there's the competitive impact of having additional players on the market. Frankly, that's an area that we pay attention to, but we're a little bit less concerned about. We have considerable resources focused on planning around competition. We have a good track record of competing in these markets. And while we're always a bit paranoid of potential new entrance, we feel very good about our ability to effectively manage competition. The second dimension that we look at is, when you're raising, which is the risk of commoditization of a market. And the way we look at that is commoditization we think requires two things. It requires a low cost entrance, and it requires perceived interchangeability on the part of payers, providers, and patients. The risk of both of these things coming together likely varies. We believe by geography, healthcare system and may be even by therapeutic setting, but we pay a very close attention to this. In terms of the risk, we absolutely believe it's something that we need to stay on top of, it's as you note, very dynamic. Currently the areas where we see the greatest risks don't overlap with our largest markets at least today. But we certainly have plans to address the risks as they become more tangible. The two things that I think we can continue to do that position as well against this threat are, first, continue to leverage the extremely broad data set that we have generated in I-O to ensure that treatment decisions continue to be clinically driven. And then second, continue to rapidly bring new data and approvals to market such that we're constantly pushing forward innovation and changing the standard of care. But this is an area that's very dynamic and we're paying close attention to it.
Tim Power: Thanks very much, Chris. Can we go to the next question please, Keith?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Hey guys. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Just had a couple of quick ones, under new launches highlighted on Slide 12. What were some of the headwinds you saw for Reblozyl this quarter? And then what do you think could be the tipping point for Zeposia and Onureg for the current indications? And then the second question is, with your cell therapy franchise, I know it's early, but just given the proximity of the two launches, are there synergies that you're seeing, with respect to site activation or reimbursement, et cetera. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Geoff. Chris, why don’t you go ahead? Let me just give you my perspective. I'm really excited with what's happening on the frontal our launch brands. The profile of the medicines that you mentioned is very differentiated. We have strong labels and what we are hearing from physicians is exciting in terms of the potential role that these agents will have in the marketplace. Let me just ask Chris to give you more insights into some of the launch dynamics you'll referenced, Geoff.
Chris Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the questions, Geoff. There's a lot there. So let me try to hit on each of these relatively quickly. So Reblozyl, we're very pleased actually with the continued strong execution of the teams and what we're hearing on Reblozyl. And our expectations for growth this year, and certainly in the long-term remain unchanged. As for the dynamics that we saw in the quarter, sales were relatively flat, Q4 into Q1. And there were really two factors underlying this. First, as you will have heard from some of our peers, we have seen new patient volumes down in hematology, generally. They were down about 10% to 20% versus pre-COVID levels in the MDS population. And so that was one of the factors that play, at least for the quarter. And we have seen specific to Reblozyl, a bit of a prolonged bolus wash-out period. And to give you some context around that in Q4, we estimate that bolus patients for Reblozyl were roughly around 40% of the overall business. In Q1 that has come down to about 20% to 25%. And we would expect those patients to continue to come off therapy over the coming months. Those two dynamics notwithstanding, we are very encouraged by the continued uptake of new patient starts in this setting and continue to see new trialist and an expansion of the prescriber base, which is critically important at this point in the launch so continued excitement from our perspective, with respect to Reblozyl. Onureg and Zeposia, in terms of pivot points, I would say, as we have discussed in MS, and as you've seen with some of our peers, it does take time to transition patients from written scripts to commercial dispensation in MS. That said, it was a big focus area as we discussed last year, and we are seeing very nice acceleration for Zeposia in MS. And of course, we have the opportunity and you see coming up with the PDUFA date a month or so. And that's obviously another important opportunity for Zeposia and very much look forward to bringing this differentiated product and mechanism into IBD. Onureg, we're in the process of creating a market with Onureg. And that launch is going very well. In fact, we saw patient demand volume increased about 50% from Q4 coming into Q1. And I would say in that space, we're very excited with what we're seeing. Now, again it's a market where we're creating a new treatment paradigm and that's going to take some time. But all indicators are that the efficacy profile of this data is landing well with customers. And again, the teams are executing well. And then pivoting to your question on cell therapy, we're very excited about the two cell therapy launches both products have been very well received. Given Breyanzi has got a little bit more data in terms of the launch timing. Let me start there. The launch there is going very well. We've had over 50 accounts that have been activated already. Our highest priority accounts in fact were activated within eight weeks of approval. The messaging around the best-in-class profile for Breyanzi is landing well. Physicians are clearly seeing a differentiated safety profile. And in fact, we've already infused, apheresis and infused patients with Breyanzi. So I would say, the execution there has been exceptionally well. And just quickly on Abecma, obviously a bit earlier in the process for Abecma. But we have the advantage of launching that product on top of the infrastructure that we built with Breyanzi. So we've actually been able to more rapidly activate sites there, we've had 25 centers were activated within 10 days of approval. The physician feedback has been very positive and there's a lot of enthusiasm for us bringing the first BCMA-targeted cell therapy into multiple myeloma. So far, early days but the launch has seemed to be off to a very good start.
Tim Power: Thanks very much, Chris. Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Baum of Citi. Please go ahead.
Andrew Baum: Thanks. First question to Giovanni, in relation to business development, Bristol, we anticipate is going to be more active. Many of your peers given that the cadence of allowance in you have in your portfolio, the FTC has been making increasingly loud noises about consolidation being a driver of increased drug prices and diminished patient access of late. I'm interested in how you think this could impact business development going forward, whether it's more noise than actions. And what we should be looking for in novel mechanisms to engage, to determine whether M&A relates to anti-competitive activities. And then second question to Samit. Perhaps you can comment on whether you anticipate a panel meeting to assess JAK safety broadly in a cross divisional way. I'm obviously thinking about the assessment of in terms of its broader membership of that particular category? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Andrew. Let me start with your question on business development and then Samit will follow on your second question. So it's really difficult to speculate at this point in early days, what the evolving position of the FTC will be. A couple of things that I would say is number one, I do agree with you that business development is an important priority for us. It has been for a while and it will remain one of the priorities for deploying capital and our capital allocation strategy. The second thing that I like to say is that I actually feel that we've demonstrated over and over that when we acquire assets into the company, it's actually a way of accelerating their development and generating even more value for patients. And it's an important element of what drives our business development strategy. I feel there are plenty of opportunities to continue to strengthen our portfolio across all of the areas where we have presence and expertise. And obviously, we'll always take competition issues into account when we look at opportunities. But I don't see that at this point as limiting our ability to continue to execute a very differentiated business development strategy. So with that, Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yes, thanks Andrew. And certainly, yes, we've heard the speculation around AdCom for potentially looking at it from a safety perspective for TYK2 inhibitors, and whether they belong in the JAK or not. The way we think about it is as we were presented, if you look at the data, we do believe it is very differentiated and there are absolutely good measures in terms of thinking around preclinical data, the clinical data, the mechanism of action and the way the data has evolved also on the efficacy side. So overall, I think we have very strong arguments if there is an AdCom, certainly we'll be prepared with that, with all the data that we've shared already. And we'll continue to evolve, in terms of the long-term follow-up as well. We do believe this has new breakthrough in science. It's a new first-in-class molecule for our TYK2 inhibitor, potentially first, as it brings new efficacy data for patients with psoriasis, which is an unmet medical need. So certainly, looking forward to sharing more as we go along, at the current time, we are in discussions in terms of preparing the file and getting it to the regulators and move it forward as soon as possible.
Tim Power: Thanks Samit. Keith, can we go to the next one?
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronny Gal of Bernstein.
Ronny Gal: Good morning, everybody. Two if I may. First, the office has now come out with restructuring Part D with some participation by pharma, through the cost structure of roughly 10%, even from the democratic side, from the Republican side. I was wondering if you could just ballpark for us the relative impact of pharma participation in the cost structure of Part D and how does that translate into your own revenue? And second, I was wondering how are you going to handle the difference in prices for Zeposia between the MS market and the IBD market, because the two different price band and you’re transcending that, so how are you thinking about handling that?
Tim Power: Hey, Ronny, it's Tim, we couldn't quite hear the first part of your question. We heard the part about the price on Zeposia. Could you repeat the beginning of your question, if you don’t mind?
Ronny Gal: Sure. Part D restructuring, can you give us a feel for how kind of like a 10% hit reimbursement requirements by pharma translate into impact on your revenue?
Giovanni Caforio: Okay. Thank you. Thanks very much. Let me start there, and then I'll ask Chris to address your question on Zeposia. So let me say, obviously there is a continued dialogue about the potential benefit design changes that may be discussed by the administration. And I think it's premature to go into any assessment of what the Part D redesign may – what elements may be discussed going forward. I think what's important is a couple of things. So, first of all, as you know, we have a very diversified portfolio across multiple payer segments and multiple therapeutic areas. And so, there will always be different impacts on different parts of our portfolio from any benefit that we designed and different dynamics for a product like Revlimid versus a product like Eliquis. And so that makes it difficult to give you any insights into impact of reforms, because it really is important to know the details. What I think it's more important is the fact that from our perspective, it is critical that we look at reforms that have one objective in mind, which is to improve for the ability for patients in Medicare Part D. That's sort of the core of the priority that the industry has. And the proposals that we'll continue to make as we interact with the administration will be focused on elements of Part D redesign that include establishing out of pocket caps, reducing the overall impact to patients in the catastrophic phase, smoothing expenses throughout the year. And so, as proposals progress, I think it'll be easier for us to provide insights into how that impacts our portfolio, Chris?
Chris Boerner: Yes. Thanks for the question, obviously we are keenly aware of the differential in prices between the MS market and UC, as you know, we priced Zeposia in line with the value it provides and ensuring the broadest patient access in the MS market. And as we think about UC, it's certainly too early at this point to discuss how we're thinking about pricing in UC. What I would say is that we're going to factor price considerations. Now we think about the broader access and the importance of access in IBD generally. And we have plans in place that we'll execute as we get closer to the approval of Zeposia in UC but it's something we've been focused on for some time.
Tim Power: Thanks very much. Please can we go to the next question please Keith.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Risinger of Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger: Yes, thanks very much. I have two questions please. First, could you just discuss the bar that Bristol-Myers set in first-line melanoma with the combination of Opdivo plus Yervoy? Just so we have that in context ahead of the LAG-3 readout ahead. And then second, could you provide a framework for Zeposia sales drivers in coming years in both the U.S. and ex-U.S.? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, David. Let me ask Samit to start and give you his perspective on first-line melanoma. And then Chris can add any perspective there and give you answer Zeposia.
David Elkins: Yes, thanks for the question, David. The way to look at it though, is as Chris mentioned earlier, there's still a large number of patients who are treated with either single agent IO or through non-high regimen. So yes, O plus Y is a very important regimen, has shown very important efficacy, and long-term effect and maintenance of that effect. And so therefore it becomes important. What we are now bringing is an additional treatment potential for patients who can be treated, who have melanoma in the first-line setting with relatlimab on top of nivolumab as a single agent. And that's the reason why we are excited about this to be able to add to the treatment paradigm for prescribers and for patients to potentially use in the future once approved in this particular setting. One has to remember that we're also talking about the safety profile and its differentiation over here. So, relatlimab plus nivolumab therefore becomes an important aspect of the treatment paradigm looking at the future. 
Samit Hirawat: Yes. And then let me take the question on Zeposia David. So, the way we think about Zeposia is first of all, we're very excited about the opportunity initially that we have both in the U.S. and ex-U.S. in MS. We think that Zeposia brings a very differentiated profile into this market. It's now in the U.S. the number one SP in terms of written prescriptions, we're gaining on oral agents. And as I mentioned earlier, we are making progress in terms of optimizing the patient pull through in terms of commercial dispense. So we think we've got considerable opportunity to continue to grow in the short term in MS in the U.S. Ex-U.S. it's still very early days for the launches of Zeposia. But I would say that in the early launch markets in Europe, Zeposia’s uptake appears to be very good, particularly in markets like Germany. So, I think in the near term, there's going to be clearly a focus on maximizing the opportunity that we have with Zeposia in that market globally. And then of course, with the upcoming launch in UC, that becomes a much more important opportunity for us as we get into 2022 and beyond. Zeposia’s profile looks very good. The feedback we've gotten from treaters in the IBD space is very positive. Obviously, the rate limiter in terms of the U.S. uptake is going to be accessed. We know that's a very important component, and we're going to approach that in a very step-wise fashion. It's going to be important that we drive volume initially with those patients who have insurance that is open or relatively unrestricted. And then we'll leverage Zeposia profile to drive additional utilization. And then of course, work with payors to ensure that we continue to increase the access that patients have in that space. That will clearly take some time. But we think the opportunity in IBD for Zeposia is substantial. And that will be important both in the U.S. and ex-U.S. as we get into that launch in later in 2021, and then certainly 2022 and beyond.
Tim Power: Thanks guys. Can we go to the next one please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Gilbert from Truist Securities.
Gregg Gilbert: Thank you. On LAG-3, how are you thinking about the importance of biomarkers here? And what level of granularity should we expect around the data set of ASCO as it relates to LAG-3 positivity, et cetera? And then Giovanni as different twist perhaps on the biz dev question. When you took over as CEO, I imagine there was quite a sense of urgency to diversify the company, but with the steps you've already taken to do so, would it be fair to characterize your M&A strategy from here as more about enhancing existing franchises and less about diversification as a concept? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Greg. Let me start there, and then I'll ask Samit to give you an answer on the biomarker strategy for LAG-3. I think you are absolutely right. I believe that one of the things that is a clear strength for the company today is the diversification of our business. When you look at our oncology business, solid tumors and hematology, what's happening in immunology, which is clearly the fastest growing segment of our business right now and the long-term sustainable leadership position that we have in cardiovascular medicine, I think that we have an incredibly well-diversified set of businesses with strong dynamics for all four of them. So I think that's an important foundation that we've built for the company. And at this point, I see that as an opportunity because we have capabilities that we can leverage, we clearly have deep expertise, whether that's from a scientific and development perspective or from a commercial perspective growing in all of those areas. And it gives us an opportunity to look at assets where we can apply a really promising technology, apply our expertise and maximize the value of those assets. So, the priority for us now in business development is across all of those areas to continue to strengthen our portfolio. And as I've mentioned, several times, the objective that we have is to further strengthen the outlook in the second part of the decade. But our business is extremely well diversified at this point. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Greg. Thanks, Giovanni. And thanks Greg for the question as well. For LAG-3, obviously, I'll not get into the specifics of the data that we presented at ASCO, but certainly some of the biomarker data will be included in the presentation. As you may recall, from all the published literature around LAG-3, and in general for IOs, it's been a difficult exercise to get specificities around which biomarkers really dictate the activity of the medicines that we are investing and exploring. So we will continue to get into that into deeper details after the data are presented, but certainly looking forward to a better understanding of the overall landscape, and as we look to the combinations and other indications as well.
Gregg Gilbert: Thanks very much Samit.
Tim Power: Let’s go to the next one, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Phipps of William Blair.
Matt Phipps: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Two quick ones. Can you give us any update on timelines for an EFS look in the CheckMate [indiscernible] trial? And how do you think the overall market there? The potential opportunity there are impacted by the Roche power 010 [ph] positive announcement. And then secondly, on the Phase 2 given the strong results you saw on the moderate to severe patients, and then also the Otezla advanced study in mild-to-moderate, any plans to maybe run an additional head-to-head study versus Otezla in a mild-to-moderate patient population to expand the opportunity?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Matt. Let me ask Samit to address both of your points.
Samit Hirawat: Well, the second one probably I’ll pass it on to Chris. The first one, I will say that for EFS for CheckMate-816, you've seen the data already for the pathologic complete response. Certainly very, very encouraging. Looking forward to the EFS readout toward the end of 2022 early 2023 timeframe, so it still remains from that perspective on track. And we'll certainly be sharing it as soon as we have that data available.  Just one more thing that I want to clarify what I said early on. On Andrew's question around the speculation around the adcom, the speculation that we hear is around the JAK inhibitors. And we have no knowledge around including TYK2 as being included in there. And that's what I just want to clarify one more time.
Chris Boerner: And let me just very quickly hit on the commercial opportunity for CheckMate-816 and then turn it back to Samit on TYK. We're happy with the results, obviously that we've seen so far with CheckMate-816. As Samit just mentioned the data continued to emerge in this space. What I would say is that this is a fairly sizable opportunity, there are about just shy of 30,000 treatable patients here. The treatment rates are in the order of 60% to 65%. So, we think there's an opportunity to do two things, one, obviously provide an opportunity in the neoadjuvant space for those patients who are being treated today and potentially continue to push the treatment rate. And remember many patients will be identified once you have more active treatments that are available in the space. So we think there's considerable opportunity here Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Great, thank you. And in terms of the TYK2 versus a Otezla product, I think, first of all, we are excited about the data that we have. We have obviously the mechanism of action that is quite unique over here. We've seen the data in the moderate-to-severe psoriasis. We have additional studies that are ongoing in the IBD space, in the lupus space. The discussion around – mild-to-moderate psoriasis continues and we'll certainly share with you ultimately what the plans would be. But truly excited today where we are. And certainly, the evolution of the data at the end of the year in additional indications, we are not ready to share yet our plans for mild-to-moderate psoriasis.
Tim Power: Thanks, Samit. Can we go to the next question, please Keith?
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Scala of Cowen.
Steve Scala: Thank you. A couple of questions. Based on everything that has been said, it sounds as though the Relatlimab data is not competitive with Opdivo plus Yervoy on efficacy. It might be on safety or am I misinterpreting? For instance, you mentioned adding to the armamentaria, but not advancing it. You referred too many patients on monotherapy who are not receiving IO, but you didn't really refer to those on IO-IO. So, I'm just curious what we should interpret and will full data be in the abstract on May 19? Second question on slide on Page 6 of the 90% of products in the continuing business, should we think about Opdivo plus Yervoy comprising about 50% of that 90%. Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Thank you, Steve. Let me just provide some perspective. So to answer your second question, as we've said, 90% of the business by 2025 being continuing business that excludes Revlimid and Pomalyst in that 90%, we've said about a third are the launch brands, the rest is the current online portfolio. We're now breaking that 70% down further into individual products. But I think what's important there is actually the strength of the emerging business for the remainder of the decade. And obviously the launch brands become particularly important given that we're discussing 2025. Let me just reiterate our enthusiasm for the Relatlimab Opdivo fixed-dose combination in melanoma. It is clear that we have a very well-established standard-of-care with O plus Y. And long durability of response demonstrated over a long period of time. But I just want to, again, reiterate from an efficacy perspective, from a safety perspective, we're really excited to be able to show the data at ASCO Summit.
Samit Hirawat: And Steve, the point I would add is, look, we did not do a study of nivolumab plus relatlimab versus nivolumab plus ipilimumab. So, it would be unfair to start comparing the data for the two trials. Secondly, nivolumab plus ipilimumab, as Chris had said earlier, as Giovanni just said, has been established for a long time so we have long-term data, overall survival data and response rate data. For relatlimab we do not have the overall survival data, as well as the response rate data, but we are excited to see where we stand with our overall progression-free survival data as compared to single agent nivolumab. And you'll see that data very soon. And certainly, we can have a dialogue after that. But as Giovanni said, very pleased where we are, and certainly looking forward to the evolution of the data as we go forward.
Tim Power: Thanks so much. Can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Luisa Hector of Berenberg.
Luisa Hector: Hello, thank you. I wanted to return to the Zeposia piece. In MS the very top market to be launching in Q2 COVID. I'm just wondering which patients are starting on Zeposia and do you expect that to evolve? And then on the UC indication, are you anticipating an adcom? And could you update us on how you're preparing for launch? Thank you.
Tim Power: Chris?
Chris Boerner: Sure. Let me start. And then I can maybe turn it over to Samit for the adcom question. So very happy with the performance of Zeposia in MS, particularly as you point out in-light of the COVID environment. This was, as we had talked about last year, a market that was hit by COVID in terms of new patient volume being down. And obviously this is a market that we are entering into relatively new for BMS. And so at the end of last year, we spent a considerable amount of time making sure we were engaging with customers in many cases for the first time. And so our focus was continuing to do a few things. First, it was making sure that we were selling the profile for this, what we believe and clearly is being demonstrated in the data. Number one SP in this market, we've seen very good uptake in terms of written prescriptions here. Obviously, the dynamic pool of MS is relatively small and we've seen most of the business at this point coming from switch patients. And we're continuing to get an increase in new patients who were coming on board as well. So we're very happy with that. And we would expect that to continue to evolve over time. And then obviously, as I mentioned in one of the previous questions, a big focus for us has been making sure that we continue to convert those written scripts into commercial dispense and ensuring a very smooth journey for patients in this market. And we've had a great acceleration there. So excited about what we're seeing so far. And we think we're on a very good trajectory for Zeposia and MS in the U.S. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yes, just very briefly on ulcerative colitis, we already at the end of April, our PDUFA date is end of May. We have had nothing but a very good conversation with the FDA. So, we have no knowledge of an adcom for ulcerative colitis versus Zeposia.
Tim Power: Thanks Samit. I think we've got time for maybe two last ones Keith. Can we go to the next one please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dane Leone of Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Dane Leone: Thank you very much for taking the question. And congratulations on start to the year. I know it's late in the call, but thank you for taking the questions and I'll keep us, I guess updated. A question we get lot from investors is how to think about the multiple myeloma franchise over the next couple of years and your market share collectively within that? Obviously you have some moving pieces with Revlimid, with some offsets at the [indiscernible]. The specific question, I guess, is where is your team looking in terms of some of the new agents that the clinical community is becoming more interested in, such hydrobromide? And how do you think that can move into a commercial setting as an offset to some of the headwinds you may face in the space? Thank you.
Tim Power: Thank you, Dane. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yes, thank you. So, you’ve a very correctly asked about multiple myeloma strategy. We are leaders in multiple myeloma, of course, continuing to build on the heritage of the image where we pioneered in that space. We do have the broadest portfolio, and now we are beginning to see the results of that with the approval of Abecma. But the way we look at it as a three-pronged approach. On one side, we have the cell mods, which have the potential to allow for us to replace the image over time with a near-term opportunity for hydrobromide reading out this year in the fourth-line plus setting. And then the second CELMoD-480 reading out in 2022. The second strategy is the BCMA targeting. Abecma already approved, and we have the investigation ongoing for T-cell engager, as well as the ADC targeting. The third pillar is, of course, the combination. And you will see beginning this year already, the studies of cell mods in the earlier line setting in the one to two prior lines of therapy. And then we'll continue to build on the other combinations as well. So, we feel overall really good about our position by having these multiple modalities. And we are confident that we can continue to build on our leadership position going forward in that space.
Tim Power: Thanks, Samit. Can we go to our last one, please Keith?
Operator: Our last question comes from Navin Jacob of UBS. Please go ahead.
Navin Jacob: Hi, thanks so much for taking my question and putting me. Just two if I may. Just I want to confirm that the on Eliquis the $160 million true-up was actually – was indeed a tailwind and not a headwind. And then finally just on BD, the question for Giovanni, if I can, I noticed you have a somewhat new vertical for BMS so far as having neuroscience. As you think about BD, what are the areas that you'll be looking to invest in? And roughly how much are you looking to deploy on an annual basis for the next few years?
Samit Hirawat: Yes, thanks Navin. So let me just say very quickly yes, you are right. It is a tailwind the $160 million. With respect to business, actually, what we are doing, what our teams are doing in neuroscience is really interesting. We've obviously, over the last few years, built a very innovative model where through a network of partnerships, primarily a small team at BMS has been very successful in advancing an early portfolio that looks quite compelling at this point. So, not a large area of focus from a sort of late-stage development for us yet, but an emerging franchise that could be important in the future. As I said earlier, we are going to be looking at continuing to strengthen our portfolio depending on obviously the assets that we look at and are available across all of the areas where we have expertise. We haven't really given a target in terms of spend per year, but we've made it very clear this is the number one priority in terms of capital allocation strategy. The acquisition of MyoKardia last year is a really good example of the type of focus we want to continue to have going forward as a company. And I'll remind you, we have tremendous financial flexibility to be able to invest in the right opportunities and in the right science.
Samit Hirawat: So with that I would like to thank all of you for joining us today. As we discussed this quarter, that we delivered strong results, consistent with our strategy. We've continued to grow revenue, execute on our launches and advance the pipeline. I'm really proud of what our teams have accomplished so far this year, including so many of the important milestones that have been discussed during the call. And as always, our team will be able to answer further questions you may have during the course of the day and the rest of the week. So have a good day. And thanks again to all of you for participating.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2020 Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Lauren, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks as usual are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins; our Chief Financial Officer. And also taking part on today's call are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. You'll note that we've posted slides to bms.com that you can use to follow along with for Giovanni and David's remarks.  But before we get started, let me read our forward-looking statements. During today's call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change.  We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of those non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com.  And with that, let me hand over to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I hope you all are staying safe and healthy. I want to open by saying I'm really proud of what we accomplished in 2020. Our teams executed well commercially, advanced our pipeline, kept our integration efforts ahead of schedule and executed important business development activities. We did this while managing through the complexities of the pandemic, keeping our teams safe and our patients at the center of everything we do.  Turning to Slide 4. In Q4, we delivered another strong quarter. Commercial performance was strong, with sales increasing 10% compared to pro forma sales for the same period in the prior year, and we made significant progress to advance our pipeline. Of note, we continued to make progress with our launches, including good momentum for Opdivo + Yervoy in first-line lung, which supports our confidence in a return to growth of Opdivo this year; Reblozyl, which has seen a strong launch with rapid adoption in MDS; Zeposia, which is well positioned as the S1P modulator of choice in multiple sclerosis; and Onureg, which is the only oral option with an overall survival benefit in first-line AML response maintenance. We closed the acquisition of MyoKardia, bringing us mavacamten and strengthening our existing presence in cardiovascular.  During the quarter, we also continued to advance our pipeline, including regulatory filings and approvals in our I-O, immunology and hematology portfolio, most recently with positive top line results for deucravacitinib in psoriasis. We demonstrated strong financial results, enabling an increased non-GAAP earnings per share outlook for 2021.  As you would have just seen, we have entered into a licensing arrangement with The Rockefeller University for the development of a dual antibody combination for the treatment of COVID-19. Though early, we believe this treatment could be differentiated with the potential for low-dose subcutaneous administration. We are pleased to partner with Rockefeller University and leverage our expertise in antibody technology and strength in development, manufacturing and distribution to bring this potential option to patients.  Moving to Slide 5. Let me put the performance from the quarter and full year 2020 into context. Thanks to excellent execution throughout the year, we have continued to deliver on all value drivers of the Celgene acquisition and laid a strong foundation for future growth of our new company. We are well positioned to accelerate the renewal of our portfolio and support the long-term growth of our business.  Last month at JPMorgan, I shared why I have confidence in the future of Bristol-Myers Squibb. The integration of Celgene has gone very well. Based on progress last year, we now expect total synergies to be close to $3 billion by the end of '22. We have proven commercial capabilities, which enable us to fully realize the opportunities to grow our in-line portfolio and support strong execution of our launches. The breadth and depth of our late-stage pipeline is reflected in the significant number of milestones delivered last year. Finally, our financial strength makes it possible for us to continue to invest in future growth internally and externally through business development.  Now turning to Slide 6. Overall, we are in a strong position to unlock the potential of the company we planned to build when we acquired Celgene. We're building a company with a younger, more diversified portfolio of medicines, better positioned in the second half of the decade. Let me remind you when we believe we are heading. We are confident we can more than offset the impact of near-term patent expiries, including Revlimid. We expect to grow our revenue and earnings through 2025, with low to mid-single-digit revenue CAGR for 2025 driven by the significant growth potential of our continuing business, which is comprised of our in-line growth drivers and our launch brands. We see strong momentum for this portfolio, which excludes Revlimid and Pomalyst, with low double-digit revenue CAGR during the same period. Looking out to 2025, we expect the continuing business will represent approximately 90% of the company, with 30% of that revenue from our newly launched products.  Importantly, looking out to the second half of the decade on Slide 7. We have multiple sources of portfolio renewal. Our recently launched products will continue to grow. Most have significant expansion opportunities beyond the launch indication. We have a rich mid- to late-stage pipeline, with assets such as our Factor XIa inhibitor and our multiple myeloma CELMoDs, iberdomide and CC-92480. We will continue to advance our diverse early R&D portfolio and further invest in business development opportunities, just as we have done with MyoKardia. We believe we can achieve this while maintaining very strong profitability, with operating margins expected in the low to mid-40s.  Turning to our execution scorecard on Slide 8. At JPMorgan, I outlined several important milestones that would support our success. And as mentioned, we've already delivered on a number of those. Opdivo + CABO was recently approved by the FDA for patients with first-line RCC. This week, we delivered the second positive Phase III for deucravacritinib in plaque psoriasis, supporting the filing of this potential new therapy to help authorities in the near term. Zeposia was filed for the treatment of ulcerative colitis in the U.S., and we look forward to launching that indication later this year.  Moving to Slide 9. As we think about this year, based on the strength of our business and the exciting opportunities ahead, we are increasing our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance for '21. David will provide more details on the financials, but let me offer some perspective on key areas of focus in '21. Commercially, we expect revenue growth across key businesses, driven in large part by the continued execution of our recent launches, Opdivo's return to growth and Eliquis.  We will continue to advance our pipeline and have important milestones ahead this year, such as filing mavacamten, Phase II data for Factor XIa, proof-of-concept data for deucravacritinib in ulcerative colitis and initial data for iberdomide in refractory multiple myeloma. We will maintain a balanced approach to capital allocation. Disciplined business development is a top priority and provides an opportunity to further invest in future growth. David will provide more color on our consistent approach to capital allocation in a few minutes.  This year, we also anticipate the U.S. policy environment will continue to evolve, and I'm confident the diversification of our portfolio will help us navigate potential changes. We agree that patient affordability needs to be improved, and we are supportive of policies that can address this issue. We look forward to working with the new administration and congressional leaders to foster an environment that supports innovation and enhances patient access to medicines.  To close, I am encouraged by the strength and momentum across the company. Across our 4 key therapeutic areas of hematology, oncology, cardiovascular and immunology, we have leading in-line medicines, significant short-term launch opportunities and a rich pipeline. Our diversified portfolio and leading position in each business allows us to be less dependent on any 1 product or business.  I'm also immensely proud of our employees. Their talent is second to none and their commitment is inspiring. I feel very good about the future of Bristol-Myers Squibb and the potential that lies before us. I will now hand it over to David to walk you through the financials. David?
David Elkins: Thank you, Giovanni, and hello, everyone, and thanks again for joining our call today. If you turn to Slide 11, I'd like to discuss our robust top line performance for the quarter. Our teams continued to operate well in a virtual environment, delivering very strong quarterly and full year results. For the fourth quarter, revenues grew 10% on a pro forma basis versus prior year, reflecting strong execution across the world. During the quarter, we also saw approximately $250 million of favorable inventory build versus the third quarter, primarily driven by Eliquis and Revlimid as well as a 2% favorable impact from foreign exchange. Full year revenues were equally strong and reflect a pro forma growth of 7%.  I'll now provide additional color on the performance of our key brands and new launches. Now starting with Eliquis on Slide 12. Global sales continued to perform very well, growing double digit for both the fourth quarter and the full year. In the U.S., fourth quarter sales increased 6% versus prior year, driven by robust 17% TRx growth and an inventory build partially offset by expected higher gross to net impact from the coverage gap. Inventory build versus prior quarter was approximately $100 million. Though we saw total new scripts for oral anticoagulants declining during last year due to COVID, we are starting to see naive volumes return to pre COVID levels.  Internationally, sales remained strong with revenue of approximately $1 billion, growing 19% versus prior year. Eliquis continues to be the #1 NOAC in multiple key markets internationally, including Germany, France and the U.K. Both in the U.S. and internationally, we believe that the growth outlook for Eliquis remains strong as we continue to grow the oral anticoagulant class as well as increasing our share within the class.  Turning to Slide 13. Global sales of Opdivo grew 2% in the fourth quarter versus prior year, primarily driven by strong growth in international markets. In the U.S., the teams continued to execute well, largely through remote engagement. During the fourth quarter, we saw an expected unwind of favorable inventory we discussed last quarter. Importantly, our first-line lung cancer continues to go very well with our share now in the low double-digit range. This is visible by the strong 20% sales growth of Yervoy in the quarter versus prior year.  We continue to work through the pressure of our second-line indication, which is stabilizing and now starting being balanced out by the momentum we are building in first-line lung. We remain very confident in the return to growth for Opdivo in the U.S. this year. We expect continued growth in first-line lung, combined with launches and additional indications, including first-line renal with the recent approval of Opdivo + CABO and the opportunity to be the first I-O agent in first-line gastric as well as several new adjuvant launches.  Internationally, we continue to see strong commercial execution, with growth primarily driven by first-line melanoma and RCC as we continue to secure reimbursement around the world. We are pleased with the recent Japanese approvals and the launch in first-line lung with a broad label in all comers as well as the EU approval of 9LA, and will we be working on securing reimbursements in various countries throughout 2021.  Now moving to our in-line multiple myeloma portfolio on Slide 14. Revlimid and Pomalyst continue to perform very well with strong double-digit quarterly growth on a pro forma basis. Globally, Revlimid grew 18%, primarily driven by continued increase in treatment duration. In the U.S., fourth quarter revenues increased 15%, primarily driven by solid demand and inventory build compared to prior year. The inventory build versus prior quarter was approximately $100 million, and we expect this inventory build to reverse in the first quarter.  Outside the U.S., revenues were strong with growth of 24% in the fourth quarter versus prior year due to growth in ATRIPLA combination, which include new reimbursement for RVD in several countries. We should note that this strong revenue growth included an earlier-than-expected tender of approximately $80 million. Pomalyst global pro forma revenues continue to reflect significant growth, up 21%. In the U.S., pro forma revenues increased 18% and internationally up 27%, driven by increased usage in earlier lines and longer treatment durations. As we look through the first quarter of 2021, our MM portfolio, in addition to the inventory build in the U.S., I would like to remind you of the typical seasonality of Revlimid and Pomalyst experienced due to patients entering the Medicare coverage gap earlier in the year.  Now moving on to our recent launches on Slide 15. Our new launches contributed just over $300 million in 2020. Reblozyl is off to a great start with global revenues in the year of $274 million. In the U.S., we experienced significant pent-up demand from the MDS launch in Q2 and Q3. And during the fourth quarter, we began to see expected evolution from the original bolus to true underlying demand. We continue to expect growth through new patient starts early in their treatment journey. Internationally, initial launches in Germany and Austria are going very well. We continue our launches in various markets globally over the course of 2021 as we receive reimbursement.  Now turning to Zeposia. Strong commercial access has been secured with greater than 90% of U.S. commercial lives covered. We remain focused on driving demand and establishing Zeposia as the leading S1P modulator in multiple sclerosis. Outside U.S., we have now launched in Germany, Switzerland, Canada, the Netherlands and Norway. And we'll continue to secure reimbursement in other markets throughout the year. In addition to our MS launch, we now have a PDUFA date for Zeposia in UC in May and look forward to building momentum of this differentiated medicine. An MAA has been validated in Europe and we will work with European health authorities to bring this medicine to patients as soon as possible.  Moving on to Onureg. Initial feedback from physicians has been very positive in establishing Onureg as the first and only oral treatment to demonstrate an overall survival benefit for first-line AML maintenance patients. With the data now published in the New England Journal of Medicine, we are focusing on educating physicians on this new maintenance therapy for patients. The MAA remains under review in EU with approval expected this year.  Now moving to our balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 16. You'll see we continue to generate a significant amount of cash flow from operations of approximately $3.4 billion in the fourth quarter. We ended the quarter in a strong liquidity position with approximately $16 billion in cash and marketable securities. Our capital allocation priorities are unchanged. Business development remains a top priority. We're committed to reducing our debt and returning capital to shareholders.  With respect to business development, we plan to focus on strengthening our pipeline on midsized bolt-on deals that further strengthen the company into the second half of the decade. We will remain disciplined with respective deals that we execute and consistent with our criteria of being strategically aligned, scientifically sound and financially attractive.  As it relates to reducing debt, we will continue to be focused on this, further strengthening our ability to invest for growth. This morning, we announced a debt reduction transaction of up to $4 billion. Based upon the bonds we are targeting, we still expect to see our leverage ratio reduce by 1.5x debt-to-EBITDA in '24. Importantly, we are committed to a strong investment-grade credit rating, which is apparent through our willingness to use excess cash to proactively accelerate debt reduction.  Lastly, we are committed to returning capital to shareholders through continued dividend growth and share repurchases. We have increased our dividend for the 12th consecutive year and recently increased our share repurchase authorization, with plans to execute a total of $3 billion to $4 billion in share repurchases by the end of this year.  Now let's turn to our guidance for 2021 on Slide 17. Let me start by giving a quick update on our synergies. As Giovanni mentioned, the integration has gone very well, and we increased our total expected synergies to approximately $3 billion by the end of '22. We achieved about $1.4 billion in 2020 and expect the remaining synergy capture to be split evenly through this year and in '22. With that in mind and considering the momentum we saw in the business in 2020, we have increased our non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance for 2021.  Now touching on our non-GAAP expectation at constant exchange rates. We expect high single-digit revenue growth over 2020 based on the strength of our in-line products and the launches we are executing. We expect to sustain a high enterprise gross margin of approximately 80.5%.  Now I want to take a moment to touch on MS&A. In 2020, we had the opportunity to make a number of incremental and accelerated investments to support our prioritized brands and product launches. Also, with COVID recovery and higher expenses due to MyoKardia are reflected. For 2021, we expect MS&A to increase in the low single digit as we invest in our launches and include the full year spend for MyoKardia. We expect mid-single-digit increase in R&D as we invest behind a robust pipeline, COVID recovery plans in preclinical and clinical studies and incorporate spend of MyoKardia. We expect our tax rate to remain about 16%. And finally, based on the strength and the momentum in the business, we are now increasing our non-GAAP 2021 diluted EPS to $7.35 to $7.55.  I would also like to provide some color on OI&E and share count. It's likely we'll see [indiscernible] income and net interest expense to roughly offset each other in 2021, resulting in net neutral OI&E. Regarding our share count, we ended 2020 with approximately 2.3 billion shares outstanding, which will decrease based upon the $3 billion to $4 billion repurchase activity we're planning in the year.  Now before we move on to Q&A session, I want to thank our teams around the world for delivering such outstanding results in 2020. These results demonstrate the resiliency of our portfolio and position us well for strong growth in 2021 and into the future.  I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.
Timothy Power: Thanks very much, David. Lauren, can we go for our first question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoffrey Meacham: Just have two quick ones. For Chris, when you look at the new launches on Slide 15, obviously, these are a big part of the LOE offset over time. So the question is, where do you see the tipping point in demand for these 3 products? And how should we think about initial adoption for liso-cel and ide-cel later this year?  And then development question for deucravacritinib. Just want to get your thoughts on safety and tolerability. Not having a black box will obviously be a big commercial driver, but it's possible that recent safety data for Xeljanz and a somewhat related mechanism could directly impact you guys. I want to get your thoughts on that.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Let me start with the question on the tipping point and then also your question with respect to liso-cel. And maybe I'll start with the question on liso-cel and how we're thinking about the launch there. We're obviously very excited about the opportunity to launch liso-cel in DLBCL. We expect that imminently. We are obviously going to be very much focused on ensuring at launch that sites are activated very quickly, that we're able to get patients efficiently moved on to therapy.  And then as we stated repeatedly, really, the tipping point with respect to Breyanzi is going to be our ability to continue to expand the CAR-T market by driving referrals and expanding the site footprint and then ultimately being able to leverage what we believe to be a differentiated product profile in order to drive brand share. And so that's going to be very important.  And a similar story will be for ide-cel, where obviously, we have a very strong position in multiple myeloma to leverage. With respect to staying in hematology of the 3 products that were on the slide, Reblozyl. Obviously, Reblozyl is off to a very good start. We're very pleased with the launch so far. The execution for this probably has gone very well, and we continue to believe Reblozyl is going to play a very important role in both MDS and beta thalassemia. As we look at where the launch is at this point, we think thus far, we've had very good demand. Some of that demand, frankly, has been pent-up. And as we get into the first quarter and certainly into this year, we think we'll be tapping into the true underlying demand.  But we continue to see real opportunity to grow this brand both in its labeled indication as well as potentially to expand into the first-line ESA-naive with the COMMANDS studies and ultimately potentially into [indiscernible].  And then for Onureg, Onureg is obviously off to a very good start. As David mentioned, there remains a very high unmet need for patients in first-line AML who've achieved a CR post-intensive chemo but aren't candidates for stem cell. We believe that really, the opportunity here is going to be to continue to drive the benefit that we see from an overall survival standpoint with Onureg.  But importantly, this is a market where there is no established treatment approach in AML maintenance. So what we're going to have to do is continue to build that market and convince physicians that it's a new paradigm to treat these patients and that there's a real urgency to treat them.  And then finally, to pick up on the question on Zeposia, we are very pleased with what we have seen with the opportunity for Zeposia, not only in MS, but particularly in IBD. The MS launch, we think, is going well. In spite of the situation with COVID, we've seen good uptake from physicians in terms of willingness to prescribe. Importantly, the percentage of physicians who now believe that Zeposia is the best S1P is very much on track with what we had hoped for. And given the data that we saw with True North, we think there's considerable opportunity for us to drive business there as well. So very excited about the opportunity with Zeposia. Maybe I'll turn it over to Samit.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Chris, and thanks, Geoff, for the question for deucravacitinib. Let me just start first by saying that for [indiscernible] deucravacitinib, this is not a JAK inhibitor. And the reason I'd say that is because of the specificity and selectivity in terms of targeting TYK2, downstream inhibition of IL-12/23 and intracranial alpha, which leads to a profile that is differentiated. We do not see the signals of lab abnormalities that are generally associated with JAK inhibitors. We do not see the signals for VTEs that are generally associated with JAK inhibitors.  What we have are two very well-conducted Phase III trials showing remarkable efficacy. We are very pleased with the data that we've seen, meeting the primary and secondary endpoints. And we are now looking forward to the data evolving, as Giovanni mentioned on one of his slides, in the next generation of trials that are ongoing in IBD, SLE and beyond. So we are looking forward to the readout of those trials and very pleased with where we stand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Just maybe two parts. First, on Opdivo, Chris, was just wondering if you can help us think about the cadence of contribution from some of the new approvals, CheckMate 9ER. And then maybe on the adjuvant side, when we could start seeing some pull-through there? Is this more the growth going to be weighted to the second half of the year? And then on Factor XIa, Samit, maybe you could just opine here on kind of what you're hoping to see on the profile from the initial Phase II trial later this year?
Christopher Boerner: Let me start, Terence, and then I'll turn it over to Samit. So yes, so we're excited for the outlook for Opdivo. As was mentioned earlier in the call, we do see continued confidence that Opdivo is going to return to growth in 2021 and contribute meaningfully as part of the I-O franchise to company growth beyond that.  What I would say to answer your question on 9ER is, first of all, 9ER needs to be put within the context of, first of all, a very stable business that we're starting to see in the U.S., a strong business as you saw in the numbers in Q4 ex U.S. And then as David mentioned, we've seen good uptake in the first-line lung launch in the U.S., and it's still very early days outside of the U.S.  We do see that there is a nice opportunity with 9ER in first-line renal. Again, as we talked about, we've got an established footprint with Opdivo + Yervoy there, and we think that by giving us the opportunity to combine with what we believe to be a best-in-class TKI with CABO, there's opportunity to grow that business, particularly as we think about getting into the favorable patient population. Still very early days since we were just approved on the 22nd.  And then with respect to the additional opportunities, as you know, we have de-risked launch launch opportunities with gastric cancer in the first-line metastatic space as well as in the adjuvant space as well as with adjuvant bladder. We do think that those are going to be more indexed to the latter half of this year and then as we get into '22 in terms of their contribution to growth. Maybe with that, I'll turn it over to Samit.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Chris, and thanks, Terence, for the question. For Factor XIa, we expect to have the data from the first of the two proof-of-concept studies that are ongoing, the first one being in the total knee replacement population. And there, we are doing the dose-ranging study and we are evaluating safety and efficacy of the oral factor XIa single agent versus enoxaparin administrated subcutaneously for these subjects.  So what we are trying to see is the profile that emerges from a bleeding perspective, whether we can have a similar or better efficacy with less bleeding. More importantly then, there will be the second study next year looking at a combination to the background therapy of the anti-platelet agents where, again, it is very important to note that, that profile, what impact it will have on bleeding? And if we are able to combine, then it opens up additional indications that we can pursue going forward. So those are the 2 things that we'll be watching out for defining the dose, looking at the safety and, of course, efficacy will also be a point of review.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim. We'll take our next question that will come from Steve Scala with Cowen.
Stephen Scala: I have two questions. First, on TYK2. Will Bristol conduct a large long-term cardiovascular outcomes trial to fully convince physicians that there is no CV risk? And if not, why not? Bristol's view is clear but prescribers don't seem convinced. And then on Opdivo, does Bristol see any risk from potential new PD-1 entrants such as Lilly's Tyvyt or Novartis' tislelizumab or now the [indiscernible] coherus antibody? I assume their primary angle will be price. So what is the risk from that?
Samit Hirawat: Maybe I can start off, Steve, with the first question on deucravacritinib. So we have just had the readout of the first Phase III studies in psoriasis. Certainly, data will continue to evolve as we look at the long-term extension studies from psoriasis. We will continue to follow these. We have additional indications ongoing. We do not see the profile that has been described for JAK inhibitors from a MACE perspective, VTE perspective, et cetera.  We have to continue to evaluate. We'll have the discussions with the prescribers, with the health authorities in order to understand what profile is that we need to further investigate. This is not a commercialized drug yet, so in terms of talking about whether the prescribers are convinced or not, I think that is still -- got to be further evaluated, then we are able to present the data and share that profile fully with the community and their perspective with the data in hand. So I think it's too early to define what additional studies to be conducted and we'll continue to follow them very closely.
Christopher Boerner: Let me pick up on the question on any risk from new entrants on PD-L1 and particularly the concern about price. So first of all, we watch the competitive dynamics of the PD-L1 marketplace extremely carefully, as you can imagine, and something that we've been looking at considerably has been the question of commoditization. That's been with us really since we were approved with Opdivo.  From a U.S. standpoint, we actually don't see considerable risk from these new entrants, in part driven by a number of factors: first, oncology continues to be a very data-driven field in the U.S. And so we've got a wealth of data covering both Opdivo and Yervoy, which gives us confidence; second, we've established a very strong position across tumors and, of course, we built very significant capabilities to operate in the competitive context, and I think we're demonstrating that now in both renal cell and lung cancer, for example.  Ex U.S., again, it's something that we're going to continue to stay very focused on. One see that in some markets, you may see some risk of commoditization but those tend to be relatively small markets for us. But in general, I would say we're very confident with our competitive position. We don't see meaningful risk with respect to commoditization from where we sit today, but it's something we'll continue to monitor.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim.
Seamus Fernandez: So I wanted to just kind of walk through this strategy in multiple myeloma, given the number of mechanisms that you guys have in play and how you see the market evolving? Chris, I think this is likely falling under your auspices more so than anything. So I was just wondering if you could help us understand how you see the treatment of multiple myeloma evolving amidst the transition away from -- or towards Revlimid generics. Obviously, there's lots of opportunities out there, bispecific cell therapy, your CELMoDs business simply about segmenting the market. Or do you see transformational opportunities for potential internal combinations?  And then a bigger picture question for Giovanni. Giovanni, we're continuing to see a lot of activity on the BD front from your team. As we think about the next sort of leg of opportunities, are you most focused on sort of Phase II/III opportunities and again, continuing to build out the pipeline in that regard? Is it more additional legs to the stool? Just trying to more fully understand how you're continuing to focus your efforts on enhancing the pipeline and growing and returning the company or -- not returning the company to growth, but extending the growth profile post 2025?
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Seamus for the question. This is Samit and let me just start with the R&D aspect of multiple myeloma strategy. And then certainly, Chris can fill in the commercial aspects of it. So as you know, beyond the MS, there are 4 classes of medicines that are being developed in multiple myeloma, primarily: cell therapies; certainly, the ADC that has recently been approved and more to follow; there are the CELMoDs, and then they are going to be the combinations as we have also talked about.  Then right now, what we're trying to do is to get to a stage where this disease, which is incurable and in patients who are heavily pretreated in the first-line plus where progression [indiscernible] remains very low with response rates of 30% or so. We are trying to transform that disease. So from that perspective, cell therapies are going to play a major role, and that's where ide-cel is coming in to begin with, where we have shown the data. We have shown the overall response rate. We've shown the very durable and deep responses and a very manageable safety profile.  As we look towards the next generation of molecules where the T cell engagers or CELMoDs [indiscernible]. T cell engagers are going to be also very important. And as we've spoken about earlier, there could be patients who may not be able to receive cell therapies and would be more appropriate in terms of being treated through the T cell engagers. Of course, there are challenges right now with the formulations that we have available. We've seen data from multiple companies coming up, showing that IV administration is associated -- while with good efficacy, there are challenges in terms of finding the right dose of administration schedule from a safety perspective. So we have to be careful in terms of how we go forward with that.  And so certainly, many others and we are now investigating subcutaneous formulation, where it seems early data from other presentations that we've seen that the efficacy can be maintained. Of course, safety we'll be continuing to reevaluate it. There are small numbers right now but seems to go in the right direction.  Third parties of CELMoD. And that's where we will show the first of the expansion data later this year. And depending on what the durability and the magnitude of the response are, we might have an opportunity to convey that to health authorities and have a discussion of how to go forward. But from a strategic point of view, higher level, how to move these forward, the next phase of development is definitely going to be combinations. We've shown some of the data already.  If we talk about iberdomide, for example, data at ASH showed us high response rates when combined with the value-added dexamethasone as well as VELCADE with dexamethasone. So those are the strategies moving forward in the earlier line. We are, in a similar way, going to be investigating combinations with ide-cel. And as the data evolves, the T cell engager, we'll look for combinations. The ultimate goal is to move CELMoDs in much earlier line so that we can have the comparisons versus image to be able to ultimately replace them in the longer run, and then, of course, try to move the other modalities also further up in line. But ultimately, yes, there will be segmentation of patients. Some may receive cell therapy, some may receive T cell engagers and there could still be an opportunity for sequencing of these modalities. Chris, do you want to add something?
Christopher Boerner: Actually, I think, Samit, you covered most of it. The only thing I would add is, obviously, as Revlimid and Pomalyst go generic, our focus is going to continue to be on bringing transformational opportunities forward. As you well know, Seamus, there continues to be considerable unmet need, particularly for patients, as they get into later lines of therapy in multiple myeloma. Ide-cel is going to be an important piece of that innovative pipeline that we bring forward, initially in later line therapy, and then as we've discussed, potentially moving that into earlier lines of therapy in a broader patient population.  And then as Samit mentioned, the opportunity to launch the next-generation BCMA targets with T cell engagers and potentially the next-generation of small molecules, which we think have the potential to displace today's backbone. And then over time, you could envision these newer therapies being combined and targeting different patient populations across lines of therapy and then also thinking about targeting [indiscernible] specific type of drug to the age, performance status or preference of patients. So we're excited about having all of these promising modalities in our portfolio. We think it gives us a unique opportunity to build on our leadership position.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Seamus, this is Giovanni. Let me just rapidly answer your question on business development. So first of all, I see that continuing to be the central pillar of our capital allocation strategy and continue to be focused on areas that are strategically aligned with our commercial presence and research efforts. Obviously, we'll continue to look at things that are scientifically exciting and compelling. And definitely, we will continue to be disciplined from a financial perspective.  There will always be a part of our business development strategy that will be about continuing to strengthen and complement our research pipeline and early-stage efforts. You've seen us doing a number of deals in that space last year. I do see that continuing because it's clearly our strategy. At the same time, I've been very clear, JPMorgan, in my presentation, as an example, that as we continue to assess later-stage opportunities, deals like the MyoKardia deal, given the right assets, the opportunity to generate value and the objective to continue to strengthen the growth outlook of the company in the second half of the decade, these are deals we're always going to be interested in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Christopher Schott: Just building on earlier question regarding the TYK2 commercial dynamics and this kind of balance between what you see as a clearly differentiated profile emerging from the JAKs but there being some perception issue, with at least some physicians, in terms of the profile of the drug. How are you thinking that translates from a commercial standpoint? So on 1 hand, do you think that this gets largely addressed through your data presentations, and we can think about a quicker ramp here, given the superior efficacy you're seeing relative to the oral on the market? Or you're anticipating this could be a bit slower launch and that there's going to be a big education component to getting the product established, given that over time, there seems to be a large opportunity, but more of that first kind of initial stage of the ramp.  And the second question I had was on the Factor XIa. I guess, how much will the data from this first study reporting this year [indiscernible] or increase or decrease your confidence in the second study? And do we really need to think about both of these Phase II programs reading out before you'll make a decision on moving the asset forward? Or based on this first study, could we see, at least on the -- if the monotherapy setting, the product moving forward?
Christopher Boerner: Chris, let me -- I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to others to comment on the second part of your question. So with respect to the opportunity that we have with TYK and sort of the pace of the commercial execution, look, I think we're excited about the opportunity that we have here. We think that based on the data we've seen from the Phase II as well as both PSO 1 and 2, we have the opportunity to establish TYK as the frontline branded oral of choice for these patients.  Now as it relates to how quickly we'll be able to do that, clearly, this is going to be a market where we've got very compelling data versus the omni world that's in the space now. So we think that there, we're going to have an opportunity to educate physicians relatively quickly. Obviously, we're going to have to work through access and the like, which is part of any new launch and that will typically take a bit of time. But we think with respect to our physician versus the existing oral agent, there, we think we have a relatively quick opportunity with a very, very compelling data set against the only existing player there.  Now as we think about additional opportunities to expand from there, that's probably going to take a bit more time as you have competitors that have been established in this marketplace. But that's certainly the way we've been thinking about it at this point. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: And Chris, just to be very, very short because we know the time is short here and others also have questions, we do believe that both studies have individually very important role to play: to define the dose and the safety profile. The time difference being the readout of those studies is not too long. So I think we will obviously be able to build development plans based out of the first study. Execution will probably take into account both studies. But as I said, the time difference you can readout is not that long. So execution-wise, both data sets will be important.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Timothy Anderson: Going back to PD-1 question about commoditization. I want to ask about China specifically. And Roche today painted a cautious picture on the China opportunity due to NRDL and local manufacturer proliferation. I'd be curious to get your view. Is this ever going to be a market that's meaningful for Bristol or other multinationals? And just as importantly, if it's happening in China in the PD-1 category, why wouldn't it happen in other disease categories, oncology or otherwise?  And then second question on Revlimid. Largest product now for the company, goes off-patent next year. Analysts are guessing how to erode it in the first year. We don't know if it's $1 billion or $3 billion down or what exactly. And it'd be great to have some clarity on how to think about first year erosion.
Giovanni Caforio: Let me start on both questions, and I'll ask Chris and David if they want to have. So on China, let me say, first of all, we have a relatively small business in China that we see an opportunity to continue to strengthen our presence in that market, particularly as our pipeline continues to progress and we have launch opportunities going forward in China.  I would agree that from a NRDL perspective, it is appropriate to be cautious because of the number of PD-1 agents that have been launched at the same time, including the number of local players. And so I share the perspective that the opportunity in China, I would be cautious about. I do believe, though, in a couple of things. So first of all, there are examples of brands in oncology and other therapeutic areas that recently have had a more differentiated profile with fewer local competitors have been able to be included in NRDL reimbursement and built to be meaningful contributors to growth in the market. So I don't think every therapeutic area is the same and every class of drug is the same.  And specifically, in our portfolio, we believe there are truly differentiated medicines that can have a very meaningful presence in China. When you look at the medium and the long term, I think actually, the development opportunities in China will continue to grow not only through the government channel, but also over time, the development of commercial insurance for what is a relatively large population of patients that would have access to that.  So I do see that in the medium term, the composition, if you want, of the marketplace in China in terms of payer dynamics will be more diversified. And I think that will strengthen opportunities across the board. So we continue to be really committed to China.  With respect to your question on Revlimid, you -- as you can imagine, we have a number of discussions ongoing. We have litigations along with players that are continuing. We're not going to be in a position to provide multiple year guidance going into the future. But I think we've been pretty clear in articulating our position on the Revlimid erosion beginning in '22. And as we've mentioned, we see the LOE portfolio of Revlimid and Pomalyst representing no more, in fact, less than 10% of the company by 2025. So the evolution of that business, I think it's pretty clear. And from my perspective, what's more important is to really look at the potential for double-digit growth for our continuing business and the growth of the total company between now and 2025. Chris, do you have anything to add on China?
Christopher Boerner: Giovanni, I think you covered it. Tim, the only thing is that I agree with Giovanni. In the medium to long term, we see significant opportunity. The NRDL is only 1 of the payer channels that are available. As Giovanni mentioned, there's a rapidly emerging commercial and private health care market there. And we think that's going to continue to be an important opportunity for locals and multinational companies. And I wouldn't over-extrapolate the dynamics from PD-1 to other therapeutic categories, just given the intense level of competition that you see in China with those products.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger: I have two questions. First, could you discuss why your BCMA orva-cel was dropped? And second, Bristol's peak expectations for Reblozyl are higher than consensus. What do you think investors underappreciate?
Samit Hirawat: Maybe I can start off on orva-cel and then certainly pass it on for Chris to comment on Reblozyl. On orva-cel side, we always look at our portfolio overall and ensure that we are going to develop the best medicines and take that forward. Orva-cel, as you know, was a BCMA-directed cell therapy. We have ide-cel as a front runner, which has the data and has been submitted for review and approval, both in the U.S. as well as in EU.  When we look at the orva-cel evolution of the data and we put it in terms of the landscape and the evolution of data from outside as well, we believe that ide-cel fits perfectly in terms of further development. And orva-cel's platform becomes very important for the next generation of CAR cell development rather than the medicine -- that particular medicine itself. So therefore, we have not taken orva-cel forward as in the current form and would use the platform for evolution of the evolution of the cell therapies.
Christopher Boerner: David, with respect to Reblozyl in terms of the opportunity, the way I think about it is our initial indication in MDS, remember that a relatively smaller percentage of the overall MDS incidents. So in the U.S., for example, the incidence of MDS is roughly 21,000. The on-label population is a relatively small percentage of that, and that's because the initial indication obviously focuses on those patients who are lower risk, ESA-eligible, RF positive and in the second line.  So the way we think about it is, first and foremost, we've got to continue to drive utilization in the existing indication we have. We think there's continued opportunity there. Then obviously, there's an opportunity to expand within MDS, and we think that the COMMANDS study gives us a meaningful opportunity to both include those patients who are RF negative and move into earlier lines of therapy. And then obviously, beyond MDS, there are other opportunities, beta thal, which is on label today, but then also we have additional opportunities in areas like myofibrosis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronny Gal with Bernstein.
Aaron Gal: Two questions, if I may? First, about the Part D restructuring, you mentioned your support for isolating patients from paying out of pocket. The last [indiscernible] we've seen in Congress discuss 20% to 30% responsibility for pharma and the catastrophic part of the insurance and obviously, for giving your portfolio in oral oncology medicine, it will be material. I was wondering if you can just give us a quick update where you believe the base standing, your concern around that issue heard? And is this part of what we should expect?  And second, as we think about the kind of IL-23 TYK2 mechanism coming to IBD, I was wondering if you were able to compare the kind of the efficacy level you're able to achieve with the oral versus the antibodies. And is the gap there small enough that you can compete head-to-head with the IL-23s, assuming that mechanism becomes as dominant as it could be in those indications?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Let me start with your question on Part D redesign. So first of all, there is a real need to think about redesigning benefits in a way that is more aligned with the treatments of today and most importantly, that addresses significant affordability issues that are faced by patients because of inappropriate design of benefits and the high co-pay and the high out-of-pocket exposures that patients have.  I think it's premature to say exactly where potential legislation in Congress would evolve. We've been very clear that we are supportive of thinking about the evolution of the design. And I think when you look at our portfolio, there is -- we have a very diversified portfolio. So depending on how the coverage gap contribution of the industry evolves, that's currently 70%, and that may actually have an impact on Eliquis, should that be reduced. On the catastrophic side, you are right, some of the specialty oral medicines would be impacted by changes in that area. So it really depends.  And when you have a diversified portfolio that may be areas that are impacted negatively, there are areas potentially impacted positively in terms of patients but also in terms of the contribution we already make. So when we look at concrete proposals, we'll be able to assess the impact on our portfolio better. But I think it's important to remember that different medicines in our portfolio today are impacted differently in the various phases of coverage in Medicare. Chris?
Christopher Boerner: Sure. So Ronny, we're obviously very enthusiastic about the opportunity that we have to play with potentially multiple drugs in IBD, initially with Zeposia and then pending the data with TYK, potentially an opportunity with deucravacritinib as well. The thing to keep in mind is that while IBD is a competitive space, there continues to be a need for efficacious drugs that have a manageable safety profile. Ultimately, we believe that the competitive dynamics are going to play out along a few dimensions.  Obviously, efficacy, safety, route of administration is very important here. And because this is a chronic disease where patients are going to cycle through multiple products, we think having a novel mechanism of action is important. And so when you look at the 2 broad categories of treatments that are available today, notably biologics and JAK inhibitors, we think our initial foray into this space with Zeposia is favorably positioned.  For example, we think Zeposia demonstrates efficacy that is competitive with biologics in an oral formulation with an improved safety profile certainly versus the TNF inhibitors. So we think we play very well there. And similarly, with respect to the JAKs, Zeposia administrates efficacy that's generally competitive with JAKs as well and again, an improved safety profile. And across both of those categories being a novel S1P in the space, we think is going to be important.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Chris. I know we're running short on time, but I think we could have a few minutes extra, maybe take it to a few more questions. If we can go to the next one, please, Lauren.
Operator: Our next question comes from Luisa Hector with Berenberg.
Luisa Hector: One, just a clarification on the inventory build. You gave the numbers quarter-on-quarter. Can you confirm the year-on-year impact? And then also on the TYK2, we've seen a very positive headline, press releases in psoriasis. I'm wondering when we might see the data, how soon you could file and whether you expect an FDA panel? And just a quick comment, perhaps because in the press releases, you do mentioned the secondary endpoints. Some were met, which implies, some are not met. And I just wondered how crucial they were with their competitive profile of the drug?
David Elkins: Yes. So on the first question, the year-over-year impact is about $200 million in the fourth quarter of inventory build, and that was mainly related to Eliquis and Revlimid. And we expect all of that to come out in the first quarter.
Giovanni Caforio: Great. So David, I can take the second part of the question around deucravacritinib very quickly. In terms of the presentation of the data, we anticipate presenting the first of the two studies at [indiscernible] later this -- I think it's in the second quarter. It's -- I think, in April. And then the second one, we have to find the appropriate conference in the second half of the year so that we can share the data more broadly. So the investigators can share with the community.  Second, about the filing, we are working very diligently and it is a priority for us so we do anticipate filing quite rapidly. And of course, as soon as we have the PDUFA date, we will be broadly communicating that and sharing that information with you and others.  Third about the FDA panel, we obviously can't comment on that. We don't know that. We have to continue to have the dialogue with regulatory agencies and they will ultimately decide where they sit on this. So looking forward to that conversation with the health authorities.  And last point around the secondary endpoints. As we've said, we've met the primary endpoint and the secondary endpoints. We are very comfortable with the data that we've seen, showing the superiority not only against placebo, but also against OTEZLA. And we've looked at it from a PASI 75 perspective, [indiscernible] perspective, PASI 100 perspective. So we are very comfortable with the data that we've seen thus far from both primary and secondary endpoints.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew Baum: Two questions on the Factor XIa inhibitor, please. First, I'm interested in how quickly you can initiate a Phase III program. I'm assuming given the high probability that you and I both put on the probability of success in the Phase II, the planning for a Phase III program has already begun, given how lengthy many of these programs are going to be. I just want to confirm if that's the case? I'm assuming you've also identified sites as well, given both the company's previous experience.  And then second, you've previously spoken to Escherichia, E. coli syndrome in some of the areas that you want to go on the arterial side. Do you see any subpopulation of atrial fibrillation where you could go head-to-head versus Eliquis? Or should we disregard the atrial fibrillation population completely from any Phase III trial program?
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Andrew. Let me start with the second question first. I don't think you should disregard atrial fibrillation from any trial further. Those are the discussions that we still need to have. And of course, the conversations will need to be had, both with our collaborator, Janssen, as well as the regulatory authorities. But the appropriate competitor would be in the right population. So more to come on that as we gather the data and the conversations gear up.  In terms of starting again the Phase III studies, one, we need to see the data first from the first trial of the total knee replacement. Both of the companies, of course, want to proceed as quickly as possible, and we certainly honor the excitement that is around there. And of course, these are a priority molecule that we need to move forward. So we will be able to initiate Phase III trials quite rapidly.  You very correctly said, both companies have the expertise in conducting these trials and with the prior experiences that we have, we will be able to initiate very quickly. But certainly looking forward to see the first data. I cannot share time lines yet because we have to obviously collaborate with Janssen to be able to define those. But as soon as those are available, those will be shared in due course as well.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Samit, and thanks, everyone. Let me just make a couple of comments. First of all, let me say, I am excited that 2020 was a really important year for us. It was a great year, the first year for us as a combined company. Our performance was strong during a challenging year with so many different points of view. And we've established a really strong foundation for our new company.  There is solid momentum in our business going into 2021, and that's reflected in our outlook for '21 and the guidance we provided today. We feel really good about the company that we're building, the way in which we are executing and delivering on the value drivers of the acquisition of Celgene. We see all significant opportunities for sustained long-term growth ahead and the acceleration of the renewal of our portfolio. And we look forward to continuing to update all of you as we make progress by continuing to remain focused on execution and advancing the many priorities we have as a company. I know the team will be available to answer any additional questions. And I'd like to thank you for participating in our call today. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol Myers Squibb 2020 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Tim Power: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our third quarter 2020 earnings call.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I hope that you and your families are safe and healthy. Q3 was a very strong quarter across the Company, adding to great performance over the past year. I will go into more details about the quarter in a few moments. But recognizing that it has been almost a year since we established our new Company, I would first like to give you my perspective on the Company overall. Turning to slide 4, a year ago, we transformed our Company with a goal of positioning us for growth in the near, medium and long term. I am very-pleased with our ability to consistently deliver on that promise across multiple dimensions. Starting with integration where we continue to make great progress. The strength of our execution as a combined Company is a testament to our successful integration so far. The culture of our Company has been shaped by our values, including a focus on innovation, collaboration, and a great sense of urgency. Our synergy capture is ahead of our original expectations. From a commercial perspective, we have driven strong performance from our in line brands. We have launched four new medicines including Inrebic, Reblozyl, Zeposia and Onureg. We have entered the first-line lung cancer market with Opdivo and Yervoy.
David Elkins: Thank you, Giovanni. Hello, everyone. And thanks again for joining our call today. I’m very pleased by the execution of our teams, delivering very strong quarterly and year-to-date results while operating in this global pandemic. Let’s turn to slide nine and discuss our top line performance. Third quarter and year-to-date revenues continued to reflect our strong execution, growing 6% versus prior year on a pro forma basis. As you can see, a vast majority of our brands demonstrated robust growth.
Tim Power: Great. Thanks very much, David. Kevin, can we go to our first question, please?
Operator: Certainly.  Our first question today comes from Chris Schott of J.P. Morgan.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks very much for the questions. And congrats on all the progress you’ve made this year. I guess, just two here, maybe first on TYK2. Could you just elaborate a little bit more on the safety profile? I think, there’s still some lingering questions out there of will we see any of maybe some of the JAK-like safety issues? I know you’ve talked a lot about that in the past. But just to confirm, did you see any imbalance at all, small or not, on thrombotic events from the study? And, just help us a little bit in terms of what the profile is shaping up like, on the safety there? And then, my second question was on Opdivo. You’re launching a number of adjuvant indications next year. Could you just remind us on those, do you expect that these will have fast uptake, like we’re seeing in some of the metastatic settings, or are these indications that maybe take a little bit longer to build out over time? Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio: Chris, thank you. I think, I’ll start off and then Chris, I’ll pass on to you for Opdivo-related question. From a TYK2 perspective, look, first of all, we are very happy with what we’ve seen from the result perspective. This is the first of the two Phase 3 trials for TYK1 that has read out. And, we have seen not only statistical as well as clinical meaningfulness versus placebo, but also the superiority versus apremilast or Otezla in moderate to severe psoriasis. From what we have seen before from the Phase 2 studies, and we’ve talked about the safety profile, we continue to believe in that. There is a differentiated mechanism of action that we believe in. We do think that the TYK2 inhibition, which has a specific downstream effect on IL-12, IL-23 as well as interferon alpha has played out, and we continue to believe in that. Of course, I can’t go into the specifics of the data. They will be presented in the future in the medical meeting. But overall, we are very happy where we are. And I look forward to the readout of the second Phase 3 in the first quarter of 2021. So, hopefully, that answers your question. And let me pass it on to Chris to talk about Opdivo from here on.
Chris Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the question, Chris. We do have a number of exciting opportunities in the adjuvant setting. I’ll maybe just highlight gastric and bladder specifically. As we talked about a few months ago with respect to gastric cancer, we’re excited about the opportunity coming out of CheckMate -577. This is a space where there’s significant unmet need. There’s very little in the way of systemic therapy that’s used here. And as Samit has previously talked about, those patients who are getting neo-adjuvant chemo radiotherapy, about three quarters of those patients don’t get a path CR. So, really, there are no great options for those patients. And we’ve seen very good efficacy coming out of -577 with a doubling of DFS at a manageable safety profile. And there is relative clean air here from a competitive standpoint as we’ll be the first IO in the setting for a number of years. With respect to bladder, again, happy with the results that we saw with -274. This is a space with about 6,000 to 7,000 treated patients in the U.S. Again, not a lot in the way of great systemic therapies here. And as we’ve said, we met the primary endpoint for Opdivo and very much look forward to launching in the space. And this is again another space where there’s relative clean air. So, we would expect reasonably aggressive uptake in both of these indications.
Operator: The next question today comes from Seamus Fernandez of Guggenheim.
Seamus Fernandez: Congrats on the quarter and all the progress as well. Samit, my question is actually on the higher dose, the 12-milligram dose that we’re going to see next week in psoriatic arthritis. Can you just give us -- that’s really where we’ve seen problems with other JAKs. Just trying to get your sense of what we should be looking for in those data? Obviously, they’re about to be presented. But, I think that’s something that investors are interested in. And then, incremental to that, as we think about the opportunity in areas like ulcerative colitis, you’ve really emphasized this IL-23 -- 12, 23 profile, is that really where your enthusiasm for the product is in ulcerative colitis, in particular? Thanks so much.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Seamus, for the question and quite appropriate in fact. When you look at the POETYK1 readout, as we said in the press release, the dose used in the Phase 3 trial is the 6-milligram dose. And what you have in the abstract and the poster at the ACR for psoriatic arthritis, as you mentioned, are both, so 6 and the 12-milligram dose. We do see a profile from a safety perspective of the 6-milligram dose as we talked about. Also in looking at the older Phase 2 study, generally very good at that dose. And that’s the efficacy we have now seen in the Phase 3 study as well. At the 12-milligram dose, we do see a dose response. But then, you have to keep in mind as you very correctly said, the overall safety management is got. So, we’ll continue to dig deeper into the data as we plan Phase 3 study in the psoriatic arthritis space. But overall, we are very happy with the dose that we have tested in the Phase 2 study. And of course, as I said earlier, we look at it again, in the Phase 3 -- the second readout in the first quarter of next year as we move forward. So, that’s I think the differentiation. But, it’s not just about efficacy. We have to balance the benefit risk. And that’s why the 6-milligram dose seems quite reasonable for us from a safety and efficacy combined benefit risk ratio. As it relates to the ulcerative colitis, the mechanism, as you very well said, I think, the differentiation, the oral administration, the convenience of treatment, we’ve talked about psoriatic arthritis already, and now we are looking towards readout in the future for the TYK2 program. And bringing that differentiated mechanism once again and hopefully be able to show the efficacy and safety for patients with ulcerative colitis with TYK2 will be important. And yes, IL-12 and IL-23 inhibition mechanism is going to play a big role, both in ulcerative colitis and then in the future Crohn’s disease as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Geoff Meacham of Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Great. Thanks a lot, guys, for the questions. I just had a couple, I think both of them for Chris. So, when you look at the first-line lung trends for Opdivo, Chris, you guys have gained some share, I think 5% or so in the U.S. But, I don’t see much of a trend break this quarter. Was there already reasonable share in first-line lung, before the label expansion? And maybe just help us to what’s been the feedback from the ground so far? And the second one on Reblozyl, the sequential trends have been really strong. I know obviously it’s early. But, what can you say about the distribution between MDS and beta-thal and maybe just the cadence of uptake between the two indications? Thanks a lot, guys.
Chris Boerner: Maybe I’ll start, and then I’ll turn it over to Nadim to address the second part of your question. So, with respect to Opdivo, let me just first give you the dynamics for the quarter. So, obviously, happy with the sequential growth that we saw for the quarter. That in the U.S. is a function of favorable demand, and I’ll talk about first-line lung, specifically in the second. We also, as David had noted, saw some inventory build. This was partially offset by the impact that we’ve seen with the decline in IO eligibility that we’ve been discussing previously. That’s mainly in the second-line thoracic indications. And that still is a drag on Opdivo currently. That said, we’re happy to see that we’ve got sequential growth for the quarter. And that was in part a function of first-line lung. And with respect to first-line lung, we’re very happy with what we’re seeing with the launches so far in the U.S. The uptake continues to increase steadily. As we noted earlier, the market share is currently in the high single digits. The execution here continues to be very good. So, for example, we have a leading share in first-line lung. And importantly, at this stage of the launch, we’re seeing a nice steady growth in the number of new trials week-over-week. So, overall, we’re happy with the uptake that we’ve seen. We knew, as we discussed previously that this was going to be a different set of launches, just given the entrenched dynamics from a competitive standpoint in first-line lung. But, we continue to be very pleased with the team’s performance here. So, maybe I’ll turn it over to Nadim for the second part of your question.
Nadim Ahmed: Great. Thanks, Geoff, for your question. So, regarding the Reblozyl launch, maybe I’ll just make a couple of points. So, as David said, very pleased with the launch so far, high demand, very good brand awareness, field team is doing really well. And if you remember, we had always said that the predominant use, at least in the U.S., would be MDS, and it’s playing out exactly that same way. So, today, the majority use in the U.S. is on MDS patients. And the interesting thing is we’ve seen a little bit of a halo effect from beta-thal, but we’ve seen a little bit more uptake with beta-thal since the MDS launch. But, the predominant use is still MDS. Now, globally, as we launch across the world, there’ll be different regions where you see a different prevalence profile, beta thalassemia, where it’s higher, for example, in Asia, the Mediterranean. But today, in the U.S., Geoff, the predominant use is still MDS, exactly as we had anticipated. Thanks for your question.
Operator: The next question comes from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. I was just wondering, first, on Opdivo for neo-adjuvant lung, if you can give us any update on the regulatory path and when you might know more there, and if you’re confident that you could get approval on the PCR endpoint alone. And then, the second question, you mentioned that the synergies are tracking ahead of your expectations. I guess, just trying to understand how much of the spend is synergies and how much is kind of from a COVID environment? And so, how much of that should we expect to carry forward into 2021? Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Terence, for the question, Samit here. As Chris mentioned earlier, there is still obviously a much required need for new medicines in patients with early disease to be able to get into a pathological complete response because that may signal for the long-term benefit for these patients. Now, of course, this is not a validated regulatory endpoint, as you very well said. So, what we are looking forward to now, of course, continuing our dialogue with the regulatory agencies, especially with the FDA, as we also continue to follow these patients for the first data for event-free survival as well. So, we will obviously keep you posted in the future as we make progress. At the current time, we continue our dialogue and continue with the patient follow-up to generate more data. I don’t think we can give a clear guidance today in terms of approvability, based on the endpoint. And for synergies, I think David or Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. David, why don’t you go ahead?
David Elkins: Yes. Terence, thanks for the question. Look, we’ve been very pleased with our ability to capture synergies so far this year. And we’re really encouraged to see that our synergy capture is actually tracking ahead of our original expectations for this year. So, we’ll provide further insight to that on our expectations of the overall synergy achievement, after we close the year, but things are going very well.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Anderson of Wolfe Research.
Tim Anderson: I have a question on going back to TYK2. So, I think, most investors view the value proposition in psoriasis relative to Otezla being better efficacy. But, we’ve wondered if better tolerability could also be a differentiator, because with Otezla, there’s GI side effects that require dose titration, and your drug doesn’t require dose titration. And at least in Phase 2, there were no GI side effects. So, when we see the full Phase 3 results, might we also see better tolerability as yet another area of differentiation, beyond just oral dosing and beyond better efficacy?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Tim, for the question. As we said, if you look at the overall trial design for this one as well as for the next study to be followed, the good news is that there is a comparison, not only versus placebo but also the comparison versus the Otezla. And so, there will certainly be an opportunity to contrast and compare not only the efficacy, but all of the tolerability or safety as we talk about. And those are going to be very important from a patient perspective and physician perspective, from a convenience perspective. Certainly, these will have implications from a commercial perspective. And let me pass it on to Chris to comment on that.
Chris Boerner: Yes. Thanks for the question, Tim. I mean, I think, as we said previously, we’re excited with the opportunity that we have here, based on the data that we see coming out of POETYK. I think, we have a real opportunity to establish TYK as the frontline branded oral choice for these moderate to severe patients. What I would say, just to build on what Samit mentioned, is that this is a market where in spite of new biologics coming into the space, dermatologists continue to believe in an ascending treatment algorithm. So, they typically start with topical, they move to oral, then they go to injectables. And it is also a market, as I think you point out, where patient preference drives choice. So, you do see a very strong focus on safety concerns, needle phobia is an issue here. And we think these dynamics really play to the profile that we have with TYK2, very strong efficacy in an oral formulation, a novel MOA, and a favorable tolerability and safety profile. And so, we think we’ve got real opportunity here to establish TYK as the leading oral in the space.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Baum of Citi.
Andrew Baum: Thank you. Couple of questions, please. First on Otezla. As you think about marketing, is it positioned to displace Otezla as the oral agent of choice, given the efficacy, tolerability, or to what extent can you actually seek to slow or defer the initiation of therapy with biologics? And then, second, perhaps you could just give us the market shares in non-small cell for 227, 9LA in the U.S. in the first-line setting.
Giovanni Caforio: Chris?
Chris Boerner: Sure. Andrew, thanks for the question. With respect to Otezla and how we are looking at the TYK opportunity in psoriasis, I mean, I think, the way I answered the previous question is probably what I would go back to. We think, based on these data that TYK has the opportunity to be the branded oral of choice for moderate-to-severe patients with large in this space. And we think that’s a reflection of the fact that this is a market where dermatologists typically are going to try to treat with less burdensome routes of administration. They’re going to go for the activity that -- the best activity they can find. However, safety is a prominent concern here. And so, I think that we have the opportunity to displace existing therapy with respect to orals prebiologic. And we also believe that we have the opportunity to potentially provide more of an opportunity before patients move on to biologics. And remember, this is a space where only about 15% of patients ultimately ever get to biologics, and that’s in spite of a number of new biologics coming into the market. So, we think we actually have an opportunity to do both. As it relates to the first-line lung market share, as we said previously and as David mentioned, we have current first-line market share in the high single digits. The 227 regimen is mainly being used in the PD-L1 to 49, as expected. And then we’re seeing recent uptake of the 9LA regimen, and that’s mainly in the PD-L1 less than 1 and PD-L1 negatives.
Operator: The next question comes from Luisa Hector of Berenberg.
Luisa Hector: Hello. I wonder, now we have the ASH abstract, whether there’s anything you’d like to point out from the various data sets you’re presenting, and any particular update from durability of response? And then, ide-cel and liso-cel, any update you can give from the FDA review? Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you. So, let me start with ASH first, and then I’ll go to the liso-cel, ide-cel. And then, certainly, if Nadim wants to comment also, that will be wonderful. So, for ASH perspective, over the last few years, certainly, both Celgene and -- Celgene as well BMS have had data presence. And based on the data that has been presented in the past, so obviously, these medicines have now moved on to late-stage development. And we are continuing to gather more data. Having said that, there are a few abstracts that are very important that are being presented. So, number one, the activity of liso-cel -- the single therapy as well as in combination where the group -- patients who received ibrutinib and venetoclax, both in CLL are quite important and interesting. If you look at the overall response rate, tolerability as well as durability in these patients, that continue to evolve. Especially as you think of the future where the population with CLL or patients with CLL have been treated with ibrutinib and venetoclax, there will be a need for subsequent therapy that will rescue them if the disease has a recurrence or relapse. Another data set will be presented, as you might have seen in the abstracts, will be the triple combination of iberdomide with daratumumab as well as dexamethasone, and then Velcade and dexamethasone. And those are evolutions in the data set, and we’ll continue to see how that comes through, but certainly response rates are going to be burdened as we look forward to moving iberdomide into the earlier settings as these data will then start dictating how we proceed further. So, very happy with it. We’ll continue to look deeper into it and next year will be based on a CELMoD’s perspective as we look to the completion of the trials for iberdomide and then, of course, progressing other CELMoDs as you heard from Giovanni in his opening comments. From liso-cel perspective, not much to share, except for the fact that we’ve already communicated, we continue our dialogue with the regulatory agencies. We’ve had the inspection done for the facility in Washington. And as we have communicated earlier that we don’t have any scheduled inspections for the second facility, which is one -- which is independent of the other facility. For liso-cel, we have a PDUFA date on 16th of November. For ide-cel, same thing, we are continuing our dialogue and that we have a PDUFA date of March 27 of 2021. That’s where we are. I don’t know, Nadim, if you want to add something, or Giovanni?
Nadim Ahmed: No. I think you covered it well, Samit. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: The only thing I would add is -- this is Giovanni. The only thing I would add is, just to close on what Samit mentioned with respect to liso-cel, as always, obviously, we will update you as our discussion with the regulatory authorities progress.
Operator: The next question comes from Dane Leone of Raymond James.
Dane Leone: Hi. Thank you for taking the question s. And congratulations on all the progress. Just some quick ones for me. When do you think you would be able to disclose the actual pathologic complete response rate for the 816 study? And if that would still be a nondisclosure item for you until regulatory discussions are complete? Could you at least give us how the study was powered on that endpoint, so we can make our own assumptions on how the chemo arm would perform and then how the combo arm probably would have performed, to start? And then, in terms of iberdomide, do you have a longer timeline now in terms of path to pivotal studies and when that could actually get to market? I think, a lot of us in the clinical community as well are thinking about this as an offset to Revlimid and the patent expirations there. So, any kind of longer term insight you might be able, given the development path would be super helpful. Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you for the question. So, let me start with the pCR part. So certainly, we’re going to look for an opportunity for a proper presentation of the data at a future medical meeting. That is not dependent on the regulatory aspects, because it’s an independent endpoint that can certainly be discussed. So, we’re looking to that. I think, the trial details, we have not shared the statistical analysis plan per se in terms of the assumptions made for the calculation at this time. So, we’ll not be able to share that. But certainly, there is a previous data that had been presented and published for chemotherapy leading to pCR responses. So, you can assume that. Now, what differences will be important in terms of a delta between chemotherapy and then the combination of nivolumab, those are the types of discussions we’ll need to continue to have with the regulatory agencies as to what becomes meaningful. So, as the dialogue evolves and once the decisions are made, we’ll certainly communicate that with you. From the iberdomide perspective, the first line plus study is already ongoing as we said. And as I’ve just mentioned previously, as the data continues to evolve and we’ll have the data readout sometime next year, those will be trigger points for us to discuss that single agent combination dexamethasone, discussions with the regulatory agencies to see if the data would suffice for a regulatory dialogue in the first line plus setting. And then has the data evolved for the doublet and the triplets in the earlier setting, then we’ll launch later line trials as well in the earlier settings. Nadim, do you want to add something to that?
Nadim Ahmed: Sure. I would just add a couple of points maybe. So, thanks, Dane, for your question. The point that Samit had made, our plan had always been to move from the doublet to the triplet, which is, as you know very important, especially in relapsed and newly diagnosed disease. So, having these data at ASH will be an important foundation on how we move the treatment up from the late-line setting then to the early relapse setting and then ultimately, newly diagnosed setting since you had asked the question about Revlimid and impact in the future. So, we have a very clear development plan. As Samit said, of course, we have to pass all the clinical gates as we go through. But, the starting point is the triplet data that we’re seeing at ASH now. So, we’re excited about the opportunity, moving forward. Thanks for your question.
Operator: The next question comes from David Risinger of Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger: Yes. Thank you very much. So, I have two questions, please. First, could you provide more color on what you need to discuss with the FDA on liso-cel? It seemed to me that discussion should be over by this point. And a follow-on to that is, are there any issues with the recent manufacturing inspections, or do you have confidence following those manufacturing inspections? And then, the second question is, other BCMA ADCs have been associated with ocular tox in multiple myeloma. Do you expect a differentiated profile for your BCMA CC-99712? And, when should we expect to see data? Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you for the question. For liso-cel, as we mentioned earlier, as we disclosed in the past, FDA has informed the Company that both our plants in Washington as well as the one in Texas, need to be inspected. They’ve been able to inspect our plants in Bothell, Washington at this time but have not scheduled any inspection of the second plant. As you know, they actually are doing what they can to ensure that the staffs are kept safe in this COVID pandemic. And because of the travel restrictions, we have to obviously honor their desire as to where they go and when they go. As we’ve said in the past that the conversations with the agencies are going well, and we look forward to seeing the -- hopefully, the approval at some point to be able to bring to the patients as soon as possible. We’ll obviously let you know as soon as we get the decision. We are not going to comment obviously specifically about the dialogue around inspections, et cetera. We’re generally very happy with the dialogue that has been happening. On the ADC front, for multiple myeloma, we are in the Phase 1. It’s early time to comment whether we’ll be able to differentiate or not, but we absolutely are aware of the ocular toxicity, and certainly, we’ll keep that in mind as we go along. We continue to evaluate the patients for that. I think, the first data we would see would be sometime late next year because we are still in the dose escalation phase. And so, certainly, as soon as the data are mature enough to be presented, we’ll be able to bring it to the medical conference and share that with you.
Operator: Next question comes from Gregg Gilbert of Truist.
Gregg Gilbert: Giovanni, you’ve made it very clear that cardiovascular is a core franchise for the Company. On Factor XIa, what do you think you have to deliver in terms of clinical profile to enable that asset, add value in what will eventually be a generic environment? And then, maybe more strategically, in cardiovascular, it looks like you have at one end of the spectrum kind of a mass market Eliquis and Factor XIa approach, and on the other hand, a more specialized approach with MyoKardia. So, I assume your strategic vision in cardiovascular spans across that. But, curious if you want to be more focused in one end or the other as you consider additional BD and cardiovascular. And then, a follow-up for David. How would you describe the LOE step-down for Revlimid in the coming years? And do you think the Street has that right, at least in general in terms of how it’s being modeled? We obviously have imperfect information. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Let me start. And then, maybe I’ll ask specifically on cardiovascular and Factor XIa, Samit and Chris to add. And then, maybe we’ll cover your question about the Revlimid LOE. So first of all, let me say, yes, to answer your question, cardiovascular is an area of strategic importance to us, and it has been consistently for the Company. And when we look at what we’ve done with Eliquis, I’m really proud of our ability to develop differentiated assets in cardiovascular, take a very different approach to establishing the value of those assets in the case of Eliquis through real evidence as an example and maximize the value of the medicine. And so, whether you look at Eliquis, you look at mavacamten and a Factor XIa inhibitor, we feel really good about our ability to execute in cardiovascular and our commitment to cardiovascular. I think, the approaches are different between a broader asset like Eliquis or Factor XIa could be. In those cases, as you know, we made a choice to partner those assets because we want to be working with another company that together enables us to have a broader reach into a primary care market and support the development of assets that require very large investments in the development of the asset across multiple indications. I think, when you look at mavacamten, it’s much more of a precision approach to cardiovascular, which fits really nicely with our R&D strategy. And actually, it’s very consistent with the early pipeline we have in a heart failure cardiovascular. So, I don’t think it’s necessarily one approach versus the other. But, it’s really looking at cardiovascular as one of the areas where the unmet need continues to be really high. The Company has demonstrated ability to execute, which is excellent. And then, we take a different approach, depending on what an asset needs in order for its value to be maximized and where we at BMS have the best capability. So, that’s way we think about it, and actually MyoKardia is really, really interesting asset because -- an acquisition because the precision approach is really consistent when we look at things. Let me just ask Samit if he wants to add anything on Factor XIa, specifically differentiation and our development strategy. And then, we’ll move to your question on Revlimid.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Giovanni. The one thing that I would also add on mavacamten, remember, patients with obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, the ones that are symptomatic, the ones that we are talking about from a treatment perspective, also have arrhythmia, especially atrial fibrillation that they experienced. So, Eliquis is used there as well, and many cardiologists are very well aware of need of Eliquis. And certainly in the future when mavacamten potentially might be available, would be very helpful for these patients. Coming back again then on to the anticoagulation and Factor XIa, I think certainly very happy that we are in that stage and with the Eliquis, what we have done. There are two things that are going to be important to remember is, number one, there are still bleeding risks and patients don’t necessarily get treated with true doses of currently available treatments, and some patients are not even treated because of the bleeding risk. The second unmet medical need is that patients cannot be treated on top of their background antiplatelet therapies for indications such as the secondary strokes. And that is very high unmet medical need and patients who have had a first stroke are at very high risk of experience and the second stroke maybe even 50% to 60% probability. And therefore, what we’re looking for in the Factor XIa development program, as we look at the Phase 2 studies that are currently ongoing is number one, the decrease in the bleeding probabilities; and second is the combinability that background therapy of antiplatelet agents and the secondary stroke prevention study that is currently ongoing in terms of its enrollment. So, those are the important aspects that will make us go into the Phase 3 development program, once the data are available. Let me pass it on to David to comment further on Revlimid side.
David Elkins: We made great progress this year on the IP front, both with Revlimid as well as with Eliquis. And as you know, we settled with Dr. Reddy’s. We have the settlement with Natco, which just to remind you, remember, the Natco agreement is a single-digit volume entering 2022, which grows to about a third by 2025. And we have some other settlements, which aren’t public with Dr. Reddy’s and Alvogen. But, as -- we clearly see it more as a slope, not as a cliff, starting in 2022 with full generic entry coming in ‘26. And at the time we did the acquisition, all I’d say is that we took a more conservative view on Revlimid than the sell-side equity analysts did at that time. So with that said, we still believe Revlimid will add potential significant cash flow for the business over that period from ‘22 through ‘25.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. Thank you, David. Let me just reiterate, I think, specifically to your question, when we look at the period during which over time, the slope of Revlimid will take place between 2022 to -- sorry, 2022 to 2026. First of all, I think, it is playing out the way we had modeled it to be a slope that starts at a point where the overall performance of the brand has been really strong. And our view of IP and the strength of IP has been validated by the IP already that we’re not granted and the two settlements that David mentioned. At the same time, the strength of our business beyond revenue has continued to be really, really good. The progress we’ve made with the pipeline has given us real confidence in our ability as a company to continue to renew the portfolio. So, as I mentioned at the beginning, I feel really good about our ability to continue to perform very strongly as we renew our portfolio during the time in which over time Revlimid will lose exclusivity. That’s what we set up to do from the very beginning. And I think, execution so far has been really strong, which makes me confident in our ability to continue to be successful during that time.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Phipps of William Blair.
Matt Phipps: Thanks and congrats on a nice quarter. Wondering if after the POETYK psoriatic study, if you’re going to look at moving this asset into a more mild patient setting, similar to the recent advanced study. And then also, a quick question on the Forbius acquisition, just wondering if you could compare and contrast maybe moving a TGF-beta monoclonal antibody plus something like Opdivo versus a bispecific molecule, like -- alpha that you track kind of combined with the PD-L1 antibody?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you for the questions, Matt. First of all, on the TYK2 aspect, so you know that we are very happy with the results from the POETYK1 study. You also know that there is a broad program already underway where we have the evaluation ongoing in psoriatic arthritis and lupus, SLE, lupus, arthritis as well as the inflammatory bowel disease. Mild psoriasis, we certainly have eye on it. We obviously think about this as we evolve with the data on the psoriasis, we have to look at the overall efficacy and safety profile in the second study also readout. And that will dictate where we go next in terms of evaluation of deucravacitinib in psoriasis and other indications related to psoriasis. On the TGF-beta front, we are of course, aware of the bispecific TGF-beta PD-1 that the competitors have. When we look at TGF-beta, the specificity of the inhibition caused by this particular entity is very important. And we certainly will look at the combination with our own pipeline, not only with nivolumab, but we also have relatlimab, as you know, in development. So, we’ll be looking at all those combinations as the Phase 1 study did evolve, and we get to see what the dose and the schedule will be for dosing patients with oncologic indications, and that will pave the way for the combination strategies looking forward. I think, having the ability to give two drugs separately will give us more opportunities for combination strategies looking forward.
Operator: The last question today comes from Carter Gould of Barclays.
Carter Gould: Great. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats on the quarter. I guess, first, a competitor in the TIGIT  space that is perceived to be most closely related to you with also an Fc mutated region, discontinued their program recently. In the past, you’ve been relatively sort of balanced language on the outlook for this program. Any change or updates on how you see there? Any commentary on that discontinuation or differentiation that maybe the Street doesn’t appreciate between those two programs? And then, maybe coming back to the CELMoDs again. Should we think about the iberdomide decision sort of running independent for 92480, or is there going to be a decision to be made at some point next year where you need to sort of pick a winner or can they coexist? Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Carter. I think, great questions. First of all on the TIGIT  side, we certainly have seen the announcement from the competitor from discontinuation of the program on the side. And we don’t know the details and the structure of their molecule, et cetera. But certainly, we have our own molecule, which is in Phase 1 study. We also have been looking at to see where we go with the combination very early on to be able to define the path forward. As the data evolves, we’ll certainly update you and others in terms of where we go or what the fate of the program will be. But, too early to say from our own perspective, the specificity of inert Fc portion or inactive Fc portion, I think needs to be further investigated before decisive decision can be made on that side. So, more to follow on TIGIT in the future. On the CELMoDs and iberdomide side, as we said, both of our programs are in development. Iberdomide is a little bit further because it started earlier. 480 is a very potent molecule. We shared the data of 50-plus-percent of overall response rate with 480 plus dexamethasone in the line setting. Both of those studies are in the development setting. But if you recall, the overall development of IMiD  in the past, Revlimid and pomalidomide, how they were developed in the organization, how Revlimid then set up in the upfront setting and pomalidomide then became a preferred molecule for the second, third-line patient population. So, we have to keep that in mind as we continue to evolve. And we also have the good position that we have a lot of data available from multiple myeloma perspective that we can actually investigate to see what is the mechanism where these drugs will fit the best, what opportunities we may be able to avail in terms of combination strategies with our own pipeline, looking at the platforms that we already have, not only with CELMoDs, but also from the T-cell engager, from CAR-T cell therapy as well as the evolving ADC platform. So, those opportunities, because of the few CELMoDs we have in our hand can certainly be further investigated in a broader way, rather than limiting ourselves to a singlular CELMoDs. But let me ask Nadim to add anything he wants to further elaborate on this. Thank you.
Nadim Ahmed: Sure. Thanks, Samit, and thanks, Carter, for your question. So, I think, right now, we’re very pleased with the early data we’re seeing for both. And as Samit said, we’ve done the same with Revlimid and Pomalyst in the past. So, there are discrete patient segments with very different clinical needs where you could potentially see the coexistence of both CELMoDs. So, for example, the maintenance setting, a CELMoD with a better tolerability profile. In relapsed setting with high-risk disease, you could see a more potent CELMoD come through. So, I think, we’re going to continue to look at the data but we’re pleased with how both are possessing. And then, as Samit said, one of our key objectives is to come up with this multi-modality combination approach. So, you can envisage a CELMoD plus BCMA through multiple lines of therapy as patients progress from newly diagnosed disease to late-stage disease. And we’ve already seen the use of sequential treatment through the current CELMoDs, or I should say, with Revlimid and Pomalyst. So, we do think that the combination of BCMA and CELMoDs across lines of therapies, a different patient segment could be really important, both clinically and commercially. So, thanks for your question.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Thank you, Nadim. And thanks to all of you for joining our call today. We have a lot to discuss, and I think that speaks to breadth and depth of our business, and importantly, of our pipeline. So, as we discussed, it’s been a really active year and a very, very exciting first year for a new company. And I can say with confidence that Bristol Myers Squibb today is in a really strong position with significant near-term launch opportunities and a substantial pipeline to address unmet needs of patients that will position us very strongly and very well for the future. So, thanks again for joining us. And as always, our team will be able to answer further questions you may have. Have a good day. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2020 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Tim Power: Thanks, Rolando , and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our second quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; Nadim Ahmed, President Hematology and Samit Hirawat our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim, and good morning everyone. I hope that everyone is remaining healthy and safe. As we continue to navigate the impact of the pandemic, I want to thank our colleagues around the world whose commitment to our mission and dedication to our patients has enabled us to continue delivering our medicines to those who are relying on us. Before starting the call, let me briefly comment on yesterday's news on Eliquis. We believe the IP for these medicine reflects the innovation we have brought to help patients with AF and VTE. In this regard we are very pleased by the Court's decision to rule in our favor on both patents. Let's turn to slide four. We have delivered another very strong quarter with solid commercial performance including a promising start with multiple launches. Strong financial performance and the achievement of important clinical and pipeline milestones that reinforced our long-term potential. Our ability to advance the business was enabled in part by our integration efforts. Our teams are working well across the organization. Our systems are coming together and we are on track to deliver $2.5 billion in synergies by the end of 2022. With a strong foundation, a broad and deep portfolio and pipeline and significant financial flexibility, I have never been more confident in the future of Bristol-Myers Squibb. Before I discuss our results I would take a moment to talk about how our teams are coming back to the workplace and into the field.
David Elkins: Thank you, Giovanni. Hello, everyone. And thank you again for joining our call today. As Giovanni mentioned, I continue to be very impressed by the execution of our teams in the wake of COVID-19.
Tim Power: Okay. Thanks, David. Rolando, could we go to our first question, please?
Operator: Absolutely.  And we’ll take our first question from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Hey guys. Good morning, and thanks for the question. Just had a few quick ones. On Opdivo based on demand trends you've seen so far in lung does that change your view of growth looking to 2021. Maybe just be helpful to get a little bit more detail of a commercial view looking to what happened in 2Q from lung? And then just with respect to the pipeline, TYK2 will be obviously a big growth driver in a category you have some experience with. When you look to that brand, maybe just help us with the opportunities that you see for TYK2 for differentiation? And what investments commercially that you'd have to make to really maximize the value there? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Geoff. So, two important questions. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we feel good about both with the opportunity for Opdivo. And the remarks we've made of first-line launch so far and TYK2 particularly as we've now seen a second Phase 2 study in psoriatic arthritis. But let me just ask, Chris, to give you more color on both Opdivo and TYK2.
Chris Boerner: Sure. So thanks for the question, Geoff. Let me start with first-line lung, because I think that's probably on a number of folks' mind. The lung launches are going very well and in fact are tracking at or maybe even a bit ahead of our expectations. Let me highlight just a few things. From a share standpoint, it's still very early days, but share is currently in the mid-single digits and we've seen very good momentum in the uptake here. Importantly, we've seen uptake across all PD-L1 segment, as well as across histology. And the uptake has been particularly good I would say in the PD-L1, one to 49 segment. As expected, given the timing of approval and the relative immaturity of the data, the uptake of the 9LA regimen has   227. However, in recent weeks, we've even seen an uptake in the use of dual IO with chemo. And again, this appears to be across subgroups. So, good momentum on utilization. Execution has been particularly good, especially given the dynamics of COVID. Most of the engagements remain virtual. But we're seeing very good engagement between the sales force even in a remote environment with key customers. Physician reaction has largely been aligned with expectations in our previous conversations with depth and durability of response of these agents with a manageable safety profile being the primary message. So what I would say is it's still early days, but we're very happy with the utilization that we're seeing. We've got good execution, physician reaction continues to be positive. And we're very pleased that in spite of entering first-line lung as the third company to market our shares. Now after eight weeks are putting us as having the second most widely used regimens in the space. And as it relates to the growth, as Giovanni mentioned, we still see Opdivo as a growth brand going forward. The fundamentals of the business today continue to be relatively strong. We've got relatively stable base of business in the U.S. The second-line lung dynamics continue to play out as we had expected both in the U.S. and ex U.S. The early launch and lung is performing well. And we've got good fundamentals ex U.S. And then if you think about 2021, with the strong 9ER data that we talked about in the last quarter, we feel really good about the growth opportunities that we see for Opdivo starting in 2021. With respect to TYK, very excited, obviously about the data that we have already presented with Phase 2 and psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, Phase 2 data is we think if it plays out in the Phase 3 going to be compelling. Remember, this is a disease area that's large, over 2 million people are diagnosed in the U.S., EU5 in Japan with psoriatic arthritis. And there's still significant unmet need here. Two-thirds of the patients, for example, who are stable on DMARDs, continue to have disease activity. And there's considerable dissatisfaction with existing oral agents when you look at the totality of the profile, both efficacy and safety. So, obviously, early days, but we're excited about what we're seeing there.
Operator: And we'll move on to our next question from Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just two for me as well. Just was wondering if you can give us an update on the timing of some of your Opdivo adjuvant studies, I know 816 for new adjuvant lung and 274 for bladder were potentially expected later this year. So just wondering, any update on timing and how you're thinking about those opportunities? And then the second I had is, I didn't see any mention of 2021 guidance in the release. Just wanted to confirm that there were no changes on that front? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Terence. Let me just briefly comment on guidance. And then, I'll ask Samit to give you a perspective on the adjuvant readout. So based on where we stand today, we are reaffirming the guidance for 2021. There is really nothing that has changed. The assumptions for COVID are playing out as we thought. The business is strong. We've given you some comments on early positive indicators. Of course, there is a number of considerations that we discussed the last quarter. They remain very valid today. We've made a number of assumptions regarding COVID, particularly at the end of the year and into next year, I think we'll have to see how those play out. And obviously, as you know, there is significant variability there. And at this point, we've not really included any impact from U.S. Healthcare Reform in our assumptions, because there again, it's early days and difficult to understand what an impact may be. So -- but when you look at our assumptions and the strength of our business, we're reaffirming the guidance for 2021 at this point. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yep. Thank you, Giovanni. And thanks, Terence for the question. For Adjuvant, certainly, many opportunities in front of us beyond the -- still available opportunities in metastatic setting. We're looking forward to a few readouts within the overall holistic program that we have across several tumor types. The ones that we're looking forward to in 2020 would be melanoma, Checkmate 915 potentially reading out towards the end of this year. And then of course, muscle invasive bladder cancer, Checkmate 274 is the other one. And then you already mentioned a potential PCR endpoint readout for non-small cell lung cancer at the end of this year. And then in 2021, we're looking forward to the readout for esophageal cancer as well, and then others come in 2022 and beyond.
Tim Power: Thanks, Samit. Orlando, can we go to the next one?
Operator: Absolutely. We'll take our next question from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks so much for the questions. I guess first for me was on TKY2. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on the safety profile of the product that you saw in the psoriatic arthritis study. Is anything new to report relative to what you saw with psoriasis? Or is it a similar kind of profile that you saw there? And then my second question was coming back to Opdivo in first-line lung. Just any comments of where you think you can get to from a share perspective given this strong initial launch? And when we think about the ex-U.S. opportunity here, can you just compare and contrast how you're thinking about that versus the U.S. given the lack of a 227 label Ex U.S.? Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Samit, why don't you start on TYK2 and Chris can provide some update on Opdivo.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Chris, thank you for the question for TKY2, as already alluded to a little bit by Giovanni and then Chris, earlier, really excited for TKY2 overall. And we've seen the profile as you saw in psoriasis in the Phase 2 study. And we see similar results in terms of trending, in terms of safety and really looking forward to presenting this data in the next medical conferences. Overall, as we've said, we are excited about the data to be able to now plan the Phase 3 program in psoriatic arthritis, and looking forward to the readout towards the end of the year for the psoriasis program for the first study, and then the second study in the first quarter of next year. So nothing to report as differentiation at this time from what we've already known from a safety perspective. So Chris, do you want to take over the Opdivo question?
Chris Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the question, Chris. So one of the things that we're most pleased about with respect to what we're seeing in the early dynamics in the U.S. is that, as we had suspected, physicians are not pigeonholing the dual IO regimen to a specific patient type. In fact, as I mentioned before, we're actually seeing good uptake of the 227 regimen and really across segments across PD-L1 expression levels as well as across histologies. What I would say with respect to the patients that have gone on therapy thus far, within the one to 49 segments, the patients are generally those who are requesting non-chemo options or they may be frail patients who can't tolerate chemotherapy. We are seeing some utilization in the greater than 50% population for patients who want or maybe need a more aggressive option than single agent PD-1. And then with a 9LA regimen, we're seeing patients who are young, maybe they're fit patients with severe disease, but they're motivated to have a more aggressive option. So those are the types of patients that we're seeing right now. Importantly, as I think about the opportunity to continue to grow here, again, I think we're going to continue to emphasize the opportunity for dual IO patient -- dual IO therapy across all patient subtypes. We have not seen as much utilization yet in the PD-L1 negative, unknown or untested segment, that's an area where IO is generally underpenetrated. So that's obviously an opportunity with a 9LA regimen. So we think we have a number of opportunities where we can continue to drive utilization across patient segment types in the U.S. Outside of the U.S., obviously, we won't have 227 on label. However, I'd say a couple of things. First of all, that data will be publicly available and obviously as appropriate, our medical teams will be engaging on that. But 9LA data by the time we launch will obviously continue to mature. That data does provide us an entree into the PD-L1 negative. So those are some of the dynamics that I think will be at play as we get into the ex U.S. market. But, again, I think we'll continue to update you as we get closer to the timing of that approval.
Chris Schott: Okay. Thanks Chris.
Tim Power: And we'll move, Rolando for the next one.
Operator: Okay. And next we'll hear from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. I have a question on the Eliquis patent ruling. Your press release last night, you said, you expect generics sometime after 2026, but before 2031? I think everyone on the analyst side expects generics around mid 2027, I mean, you get pediatric exclusivity. But I'm wondering that exclusivity could actually extend beyond that based on that press release language. You've done settlements with lots of generic challengers. You've never made any of those terms of public. So is there a reasonable possibility that generics don't arrive until something like 2028? Or maybe even later? And then on ozanimod and ulcerative colitis from the True North trial, will there be something differentiating in the data relative to the current in market competitors, beside this just being a different mechanism?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. Let me let me start on Eliquis, and then Samit will provide some comments and True North. So first of all, let me say, we've always been confident in the strength of the IP for Eliquis. And as you alluded to, and just as a background, the IP covering Eliquis is a composition of matter patent, which expires in November of 2016, with a potential pediatric extension to May 27, and a formulation patent, which expires in 2031. And we're very pleased with the outcome when the strength of both patterns has been confirmed yesterday.
.:
Samit Hirawat:
 t: Zeposia, as you've seen from the MS label is a best-in-class safety profile with the absence of the first dose monitoring both for the cardiovascular aspect of it and then lack of required broad based ocular testing in this drug. Now from the Phase 3 UC trial perspective, as we look at Zeposia and obviously, the data will be presented in the future medical meeting, but it is not only met the primary endpoint, but we see very important, very significant results in the secondary endpoints as well, including the improvements in the endoscopic findings, which is very uncommon for many of the drugs out there. And these are very stringent definitions that have been used in the trial. So overall, what I would say is from a safety perspective, as well as from the efficacy perspective, you will see that this drug, which can be given orally is differentiated. And we are looking forward to the dialogue with the health authorities and agencies for submission. Chris, I wonder if you would like to comment as well?
Chris Boerner: Sure. The only thing I would add to what you said, Samit, is that remembering UC, the unmet need here is really for oral options with efficacy that's comparable to biologics, but with a better safety profile than you see with existing biologic agents in JAK inhibitors. There's obviously in this space, a lot of competitive noise and the data are going to evolved and clearly we need to wait for the full True North data set to be presented. But based on what we know today, and the data that we've seen, we feel very good about the Zeposia profile. And you see the efficacy appears to be in line with biologics, but with better safety and specifically, we're not seeing either here or in the MS profile, the rates of serious infections or thrombosis or malignancies that have led to black box warnings for a number of the TNF inhibitors and JAK. So, given the chronic nature of this disease, we think Zeposia is going to have a role to play. It's an oral agent. As you noted, Tim, in your question, it has a unique mechanism of action, which actually is important given the chronic nature of this disease, and it offers a better benefit risk profile potentially than existing agents.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Chris. I think we're ready for the next, Orlando.
Operator: And we'll go to the Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve Scala: Thank you. If I can ask three follow-up questions. First on Eliquis. Are the settlement dates fixed now although undisclosed, or in some way are they dependent on the 2031 patent? Secondly, you've said many times that Opdivo is likely to return to growth in 2021. Can you clarify. Is that for the full year? The second half of 2021? The fourth quarter 2021? And is it dependent on Adjuvant lung approval? And then lastly on ide-cel. Has the FDA indicated that they still plan to review ide-cel in an eight months review cycle or have they not said that one way or the other? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Steve. Let me maybe take the three very quickly. So as I mentioned, the details of those settlements which are complete are confidential. And again, as I said, there is clearly potential for some extension beyond 2026. I would say in between 2026 and 2031, depending on the outcome of the appeal. And I don't think there's anything more than we can say about that. With respect to Opdivo, what we've commented on, is that the brand has an opportunity to grow in 2021. We're not really providing quarterly breakdowns of that -- of the growth. But we feel really good about where we are based on the strength of the current business and what Chris, as mentioned earlier, about first-line lung and the approval potential in first-line renal based on 9ER. And this would be the main driver. I think the only thing we can say for ide-cel is what we've already communicated. We have requested a priority review. But it's obviously the agency's decision to make that comment. Samit anything.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. I think in addition to that, we have a breakthrough therapy designation as well. So overall, the agency will take a look at the data itself, which we are really excited about. And then, of course, the overall status of the program that we have.
Giovanni Caforio: Chris, anything to add on Opdivo?
Chris Boerner: No. I think you've covered Opdivo well. What we've said is that the trajectory of the growth will be determined by the Adjuvant indications that we feel very good about the growth opportunities starting in 2021 based on the dynamics I've mentioned.
Giovanni Caforio: Great. Can we go to next one, please.
Operator: And we'll hear from Khushal Patel with Guggenheim Securities.
Khushal Patel: Hi. Thanks so much for participating on behalf of Seamus. So, in terms of the reaffirmation of the 2021 EPS guidance. I was just wondering in relation to that how the integration efforts and just expense management in the P&L was progressing? And how that might play through in 2021, especially with R&D increasing, as trials ramp up presumably? And just push and pull for I guess, the synergies there. And then potentially any comments in regard to the elections? And then the second question just with a cash pile building up. Wondering how the team is thinking about deals in the future, maybe bolt-ons. Just any color there would be nice? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. David?
David Elkins: Yes. So thank you for the question on the integration and synergies. Look, as Giovanni and I both said on the integration side of things, we're really pleased with how quickly everything has gone. And we're very fortunate to get the vast majority of people in the roles over 90%, prior to COVID situation hitting us, which was very fortunate, because everybody knew the roles and the reporting relationships. And that really enabled everyone to come together. I think also just having a crisis like this, everyone's working remotely and getting through it and the way everyone's reacted to focus on meeting patient needs and making sure we're getting product at the door has really -- I think the cultural integration has sped up. And we've seen that through the surveys. We've done from an employee engagement perspective. You also know, on the integration side of things we mentioned before that we announced all the major sites around the world and there was a high overlap there. So people know where they're going to be working. So again, that helps from a cultural aspect. On the synergy side, as I said in my call, things are going very well. We're going to achieve one-third of those next year. I think the team is doing an amazing job. Within a couple weeks after us closing the deal, we got all of our major suppliers together, and we saw about a billion dollars of the $2.5 billion coming from third-party -- from third parties. And we feel very, very confident in how we're executing against those synergies.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. With respect to capital allocation, you had a question. Nothing really has changed with respect to capital allocation. And what I would say is that as we've said in the past, our priority for capital allocation, the central pillar of that has always been to continue to source externally innovation through business development. So that's very much a priority for us. And as you know, we look at business development from the perspective of deals that are sort of aligned strategically with therapeutic areas. We know well, where there is a potential for breakthrough science and obviously, we're disciplined from a financial perspective. So we're very active, looking at potential deals across the board to strengthen our discovery platform, increase the number of collaborations we have and pretty much across the board. So you are right that our financial positions continues to strengthen and business development remains an area of focus for us.
Tim Power: Thanks, Giovanni. Orlando. Could we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Yes. We'll hear from Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew Baum: Thank you. Couple of questions, please. Firstly, to Giovanni, could you give us the true level of concern in the industry. But also in Bristol regarding the President's executive order on most favored nation's IPI that you referred to in your opening comments. Extensively, it would seem that the requirements for having favorable CBO score and the HHS being able to validate that is a requirement, which doesn't seem likely given what happened last time. So what is the real risk that that changes, and therefore, this proposal has lags? I'm just trying to understand how real the threat is. And whether something has changed and we shouldn't be quite as relaxed as we are given the last time round. Second, perhaps Samit could talk to some of the forthcoming data at ESMO. You have a deep tranche of immuno-oncology agents, CCR-25, IL8 among others, what data will we see at ESMO?. And then finally, just on the COVID impact For Eliquis ex U.S., particularly in Europe, where obviously there's a delay in reimbursement. How much scope do you see for NOAC market share increases as a function of COVID? And trying to keep patients out of medical centers from getting their INR measures? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Sure. So let me let me start on government related issues. Samit will cover ESMO, and Chris maybe can give you some insights into your question on demand. So first of all, let me say, Andrew, I think it's really early to provide any more granular assessment. As you know, we have not seen the IPI executive order yet. And so with respect to that, there is there is some level of uncertainty with respect to really what is in the order and what a path to implementation may be. I want to say, again, what I said in my opening remarks, we feel very strongly that it is not the right direction for the U.S. to go. I think our view is shared not just across the industry, but providers and patients associations and other policy stakeholders are aligned with our view. I think the solution to patient affordability issues in the U.S. is to work on patient affordability issues. It is really not to import models and pricing levels that are not working internationally into the U.S. And quite frankly, the IPI doesn't do as much for patients as we should be doing for patients. So our industry continues to be really open to discussing different types of solutions with the administration that would help patients more, but also would enable us to continue to invest in innovation. I think it's really important at a time in which everybody understands the importance of our industry, which quite frankly, is primarily a U.S. industry in fighting disease. The impact of IPI in the version, at least we knew would be extremely significant on our industry and the ability to continue to invest in innovation. And we hope that and we hope that we are able to move into directions that are better for patients in the U.S. From our perspective, when you think about our portfolio, it's clearly much more differentiated today than it was in the past across multiple segments. And when you look at our sales, it's about 40%. internationally and 60% in the U.S. Part B just as a reference point, it's about 15% of our business. With respect your question about the rebate rule, I think we would have to see how HHS goes about really thinking about the various sort of implications of a rebate rule and assess what the cost of that would be versus the benefits. So I'm not sure, I can really speculate on how that would be certified and whether the issues that were raised in the previous version would even be an issue at all at this point. I think that's just much as I know at this point. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you. Thanks, Andrew for the question on the ESMO. I think the way to look at it is there are several presentations or data that are being presented at ESMO primarily from the Phase 1 studies and some updates. But the most important one to focus on would be Checkmate 9ER for renal cell cancer, because that certainly is a differentiating therapy. And as Chris mentioned earlier, as well as you heard in the other comments in earlier presentations inclusive of all subtypes are both in and inclusive the favorable risk population, which is currently not covered to our data in the dual IO setting. There will also that update on the dual IO with a four-year follow up for that study. So those two are going to be key as they provide a better way to look at treatment for patients with renal cell cancer with a dual IO, and then of course, we're looking at potentially getting the 9ER approval later. And so that will certainly provide an additional way to treat these patients for a safe and effective medicine perspective. There was a third question on…
Chris Boerner: Yes. Thanks Andrew for the question on Eliquis. So let me just say at the outset that fundamentals for Eliquis remains very strong both in the U.S. and ex U.S. With the number one OAC in 12 markets now globally. We're the number two in five additional markets. And the fundamentals, again are very strong. With respect to COVID impact, there are really two things that are at play. As David mentioned, there's an inventory work down of the inventory build that we saw in Q1. That's the largest COVID impact that we've seen for the quarter. That's mainly been in the U.S., though not exclusively, but the main impact was in the U.S. And then there's been a smaller impact on demand and that's reflective of the fact that the OAC market has been impacted by new patient volume that has come down. The negative impact was most significant in April. It's begun to recover. We've really not seen an impact on total patient volumes. As you note, one of the potential upsides for Eliquis has been -- first of all, that Eliquis has been disproportionately unaffected by COVID relative to other players. And then secondarily, we have seen as you alluded to in a number of markets, the desire to try to keep patients out of hospitals and institution. And that's impacted warfarin share. So we've seen a decrease in warfarin share from about 16% at the end of the first quarter to about 14% in June. And that's reflective of -- we think new patients initiating on DOACs as opposed to warfarin. As you alluded to unlike warfarin, DOACs don't require extensive monitoring or dose adjustments. And so as a result, we've seen some IDNs and a number of governments seek to reduce exposure of those patients and Eliquis has disproportionately picked up that share loss. So that's certainly been an opportunity coming out of COVID.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Let's go to the next one.
Operator: And we'll hear from Navin Jacob with UBS.
Navin Jacob: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Can you hear me okay?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, Navin.
Navin Jacob: Perfect. Thanks. Just a few if I may. On Reblozyl, a strong quarter. Wondering how much inventory build there was relative to demand. And if you could remind us about the timing of the first-line MDS study readout. Are there any interim analyses that could happen earlier than the final look? And then also the timing of the MS study, please? And then just a question on your early stage pipeline. I think you recently moved your LPA antagonist into Phase 2 for IPF. Wondering if you could discuss any kind of activity that you may have seen in Phase 1b that moved that decision to move that asset into Phase 2?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Navin. Why don't we ask Nadim to start and then Samit will cover a couple of your pipeline related questions.
Nadim Ahmed: Great. Navin, thanks for your question. So one thing I do want to reiterate that you heard earlier. Overall, we're very encouraged by the launch of Reblozyl, and especially the ability of our commercial teams to pivot to a virtual launch. And we have seen good early adoption so far, especially and I think some key factors here are the significant unmet need in MDS, especially in ESA refractory patients, the unique mechanism of action of Reblozyl of course, our field teams that have very good experience and knowledge of MDS and relationships of MDS prescribers has allowed us to get that access. And we have we have good access with players, now that we have a permanent J-Code since July. So coming back to a question, Navin. There are some kind of short term dynamics here, partly COVID and the impact of blood shortage. On your specific question about inventory, this is a product that's shipped directly to our customers and sites. So that isn't really in play here. The one area that is -- could be a little bit in play here is, of course, of a new treatment addressing a significant unmet need, you do get a pent up demand with new oncology agents. So there likely is somewhat of a bolus effect going on. But as I said, we're very pleased with the progress so far. And the teams focused on both new patient initiation as well as patient persistence and what we're seeing is encouraging. We're seeing new patients continue to initiate and we're seeing most patients go on to receive their second and third treatment. Customer feedback remains very good. Brand awareness is high driven by our field team. So we are encouraged. But as you as I said earlier, there is a little bit of a bolus effect too. So we'll see how that dynamic continues to play out through the rest of the year. But very pleased with the progress so far. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you. From the COMMANDS study perspective, it's a Phase 3 study. As you know, in the first line setting which includes both RS-negative and RS-positive patients and that study is currently enrolling. We're looking at readout coming in 2022 -- late 2022 timeframe. The myelofibrosis study is just starting off. So that will take a little while to get going and we'll obviously provide the timelines again 2022 and beyond. For the interstitial pulmonary fibrosis side, as you are aware, we had presented the data and publish the data in IPF as well, where we've seen interesting results, where the side effects were there for the blood pressure effects as well. So we are now investigating the -- in the Phase 2 study looking at seeing what we can do in terms of management of the side effect and the molecule is going to be investigated there, which will then decide how we proceed further with that molecule into a later stage trials. But we have to wait to see the data when it reads out.
Tim Power: Great. I think we have time for maybe one very last quick question, Rolando.
Operator: All right. We'll get that question from Matt Phipps with William Blair.
Matt Phipps: Thanks for taking my questions. Just ahead of the ESMO presentation of 9ER data. Can you remind us on your positioning of that regiment in RCC? Do you think you can meaningfully grow Opdivo total sales in RCC? Or is it really more going to just shore up Opdivo across the different regimens? And then just a quick second one, with some of the COVID related impacts on infusion center access, have you all thought about accelerating time launch for subcutaneous Opdivo? Looks like you recently started another trial that's combined with subcu Opdivo and Yervoy? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Matt.
Chris Boerner: Sorry, Giovanni, maybe I'll start with renal cell. So, just the baseline of where the business is today, Matt, is that market share is roughly unchanged from the last quarter. Our overall share of people you're avoiding first time renal is between 30 and 35% on the upper end of that for Opdivo and Yervoy in first line renal is between 30% and 35%. On the upper end of that for labeled indication. And then importantly, we are under penetrated as you would expect in the favorable patient population, which is currently off label. And the way we're thinking about 9ER is, first of all, we're very happy with the data that we've seen both on OS and PFS. We're also very encouraged by the safety profile. And so as we think about positioning this agent, while it's still early days and we need to see the full data set being presented. We think these provide -- these data provide a very compelling opportunity with respect to existing IO/TKI options. So there's a clear opportunity we think to drive share from existing IO/TKI regimens in this space. Second, TKI monotherapies still a fairly sizable percentage first-line use. It's about 30% in first-line today, mostly in the favorable population. We think that's an opportunity for us as well, because remember, 9ER was conducted across risk status as well as included -- it included the favorable patient population. So we think there's a real opportunity for us to continue to drive share in that population as well. And so, I think that -- the last thing I would say about the opportunity we have here is to remember our position in renal cell we have both mono therapy in the second-line setting we have Opdivo and Yervoy in first-line. And this gives us a options with IO plus TKI in fact will be the only company with that many different modalities at play. And so we think we're going to have a very strong position with 9ER and first-line is going to be an important opportunity for us to continue to grow the brand starting in 2021 when it's approved.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Chris. And when it comes to subcu development, so we are continuously working on that and making good progress on that and looking forward to the readouts of the Phase 1 study where we're looking at the PK parameters, where we'll be able to then compare it to the IV parameter. And then concert with our communications with the health agencies.
Matt Phipps: Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. And thanks everyone. Again, thanks for participating in the call. In closing, let me just say again. We had a very successful quarter. I'm very proud of our teams have executed despite the challenges of the pandemic. We advanced our pipeline. We delivered strong commercial execution. We've continue to supply our medicines to patients. And we are very well positioned for the future. Our pipeline has increased potential to transform patients lives through our science. Thanks everyone for participating in the call. And as always, our team will be available to answer any other questions you may have. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Power: Thanks Chloe and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our first quarter financial year results. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call for the Q&A session are Chris Boerner our Chief Commercialization Officer; Nadim Ahmed, President Hematology and Samit Hirawat our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim, and good morning everyone. I hope that you and your families are healthy and managing safely through these unprecedented times. The COVID-19 pandemic is profoundly impacting our lives, families and communities. Over the past months our company has focused on how we can help in the global fight against the lives and effectively continue the supply of our medicines to patients globally while placing the highest priority on the health and safety of our workforce. I am very proud of how our teams around the world have reasoned to the challenge. During this pandemic, it has been abundantly clear that the biopharma industry plays a critical role in the prevention and treatment of diseases like COVID-19. Governments, healthcare providers and the public have turned to us to identify and develop diagnostic tests, effective treatments and vaccines to prevent to the disease. Deep scientific knowledge, development expertise and manufacturing capabilities are what will ultimately help us prevail. And I have been impressed by the collaboration and speed with which the industry is responding. On Slide 4, let me start with what Bristol-Myers Squibb is doing to support the global COVID response efforts, focused in four key areas, our science, our communities, our patients and our team. On the R&D front, we have identified approximately 1000 compounds in our discovery library that we are making available to external researchers globally, to screen for potential molecules to treat COVID-19.
David Elkins: Thank you, Giovanni. Hello everyone and thanks again for joining. I hope that you and your families are staying safe and healthy while we operate virtually. As Giovanni mentioned, I am extremely pleased with the execution of our teams during this unprecedented time. The benefits of our medicines and the strong commercial execution resulted in exceptional performance in the first quarter. Turning to Slide 8, we had strong top line performance in the quarter with global sales increasing double-digits growing 13% versus prior year on a pro-forma basis. We saw a significant strengthening of the dollar in the latter part of March and there this had a minimal impact in the first quarter, it will be important to keep this in mind as we think about the full year outlook. Additionally, important to note, sales were favorably impacted due to COVID-19 related stocking by approximately $500 million excluding the COVID-19 impact underlying sales performance continue to be strong with 8% growth year-over-year. Now let's turn to our key brand performance starting with Eliquis on Slide 9. Eliquis had another strong quarter growing 37% year-over-year with sales of $2.6 billion globally largely driven by strong underlying demand.
Tim Power: Thanks David. So could we go to the first question please?
Operator: Absolutely. So the first question comes from Seamus Fernandez from Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Seamus Fernandez: Thanks very much for the question. So one of the products that you argued is being missed in the Celgene acquisition is CC-486. I was hoping, the team could talk a little bit about the commercial prospects for 486 and kind of the durability of this asset as you said, you think about it. And then incremental to that just wondering if you could update us on any data that would be coming outside of ASCO. I believe the EHA abstracts are hitting, frankly on the same day as the late breakers will come out either on 28th and the 29th. So, just hoping to get an update on the rest of the pipeline coming at EHA? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Seamus. Thank you very much. This is Giovanni. So, we're very pleased with the priority review designation for CC-486. I'll ask Nadim to give you a perspective on the commercial opportunity there. And then Samit can follow up on your questions regarding data and ASCO and beyond. Thanks.
Nadim Ahmed: Great. Thanks for the question, Seamus. We remain very excited about CC-486. I think it's important to provide some context. So with AML it's a very poor prognosis disease even in the newly diagnosed setting where we look at five year survival rates of around 15% to 25%, depending on the age of patients. And even saying that most patients do have a complete response, but 80% of those patients will relapse within 18-months. So, we're very excited about the fact that CC-486 has delivered a 10 months survival benefit in that setting. So, I think that's really important. And as we think about the opportunity, it's about 33,000 patients overall. And then if you think about the relapse rates, you can start to think about the epi-related to the disease. But the fact that we've added 10 months survival benefit, we've doubled the relapse free survival benefit. I think we're very excited about the commercial potential, not only in terms of impacting those patients’ outcomes, but also the opportunity now to establish a maintenance treatment paradigm in AML, which other drugs have tried and we haven't seen survival benefit before in the maintenance setting. So, I think from our perspective now having clarity on PDUFA date, the launch team preparations are going very well indeed. And we remain very excited about the opportunity to CC-486. And in terms of durability, we feel very good about the position we have our intellectual property around CC-486. So, we're very excited about the opportunity for patients and for the business of CC-486. Maybe I'll turn it over to Samit now.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Nadim, and thanks Seamus for the question. Let me first say, what we are looking at, and then we look at ASCO as you've seen the titles that have come out. We are certainly looking forward to the very exciting data from 9LA in non-small cell lung cancer looking at a view of placebo and limited chemotherapy, along with an update with a two year update for CheckMate-227. In addition to that from a hematology perspective, more specifically, we're looking forward to the first presentation of data from the CARMA trials at ide-cel in multiple myeloma. In addition to the liso-cel data update that we look at and very importantly, continuing with the multiple myeloma team we're looking at presentation of the data for CC-480 with CELMoD, which is going to be very, very important and exciting. You asked about EHA. EHA will be more of encore presentations following up from ASCO, in addition to that, we're certainly looking at the data sets in terms of the outpatient use of liso-cel as well at EHA. So these are going to be important sets at ASCO, which we will obviously continue to talk about as we go forward and then follow up. If there is anything more, I have more to say about EHA thereafter. Thank you.
Seamus Fernandez: Thanks.
Tim Power: Thanks, Seamus. Can we go to the next question please?
Operator: Absolutely. The next question comes from Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe this is for Chris, you obviously have a number of upcoming launches and just wondering how you're adapting the commercial strategy here with the possibility of the current environment persists longer than maybe we'd expect. And are you confident that you can achieve your target sales goals for a lot of these new product launches? And then follow up questions just on liso-cel BLA submission. I was wondering if you can give any more specifics about the FDA request. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Terrance. Let me just start. I will ask Chris to comment on your question, and Nadim and also then Samit can follow up on liso-cel. We're taking a way clear approach with launches. And obviously, the number one priority is the health and safety of our employees of the healthcare professionals. So we don’t want to disrupt healthcare systems, right now. And so we have taken the position to really maximize early on our remote capabilities in terms of engaging with our customers in order to respect to the challenges of the pandemic. Having said that, while we have global principles, those principles apply differently to different parts of the world. And they also apply to different brands, because the launch of a new indication for an existing well-established brands is clearly a different strategy versus a totally new medicine. So Chris and Nadim can give you a couple of examples of how these principles we are applying them to our launches and obviously the continued support of our portfolio.
Chris Boerner: Yes, so maybe I’ll start. Terence, thanks for the question. So as Giovanni mentioned, we made the decision a number of weeks ago to pull in-person engagement with customers. That said, we have continued both on the medical and commercial side to engage with customers remotely. The good news is that BMS has made significant investments in remote engagement capabilities over the last few years. So the teams have a lot of experience, not just for the last couple of months, but for many years in leveraging this technology to engage with customers. And as Giovanni mentioned, we've very much taken the point of view that every launch is going to be viewed as independently. And we'll look at how we're going to engage with customers and how we're going to think about those launches, given the specifics. So for example, you'll recall that when Zeposia was approved in late March, we decided to postpone that launch. We did so because at the time the healthcare system was really just bracing for the impact of COVID. And within the MS community specifically, we were starting to see a pretty big impact on their ability to operate through March. For example, we saw about a 25% decrease in new to brand scripts in MS. And we frankly didn't feel that the conditions were appropriate to introduce a new medicine, without having our commercial and medical teams be able to effectively engage with customers. That said, in recent weeks we've begun to see the MS market begin to adapt to the current environment. Importantly, physicians are beginning to actively initiate new therapies. They began switching patients on therapy and as a result we plan to launch Zeposia, on June 1st. In terms of preparations, the teams are very well prepared. We've hired a very experienced medical and commercial team that's been fully in place frankly before launch. And we've gotten very good feedback on the Zeposia profile. So we're very excited about making that opportunity available. Obviously initially that launch will heavily index and this will be true for first line lung cancer as well it will heavily index on remote engagements. Again, we have a lot of experience in leveraging that technology. And then as conditions warrant, we'll be able to dial-up in personal promotion. And ultimately as we always do, we'll use a mix of both in-person and remote engagement to support those launches. And we have a lot of confidence in the teams across the commercial organization in our ability to execute these launches. Nadim, anything to add.
Nadim Ahmed: Sure. Thanks Chris. I mean I'll just say a couple of things. One, we're very excited about the opportunity to launch four first-in-class or best-in-class medicines in the U.S. just this year. And so the launch preparations are going very, very well with the team. Of course we'll continue to use our deep relationships with hematology experts and hematologists and also our commercial infrastructure. So between Reblozyl, liso-cel, ide-cel CC-486 that's the potential for four launches in the U.S, this year. And just to give you some flavor what Chris was saying, we were able to very quickly with Reblozyl pivot for the MDS launch from an in-live situation, which we filled at the beginning of the year to a virtual launch and we continue to have good success stories about the ability to access our physicians and customers in general through virtual engagement. So, we're very excited about the launches ahead of us. And as Chris said, we've really pivoted to that digital environment. I'm finding we're gaining good access. So very excited about those launches. And then I'll hand over to Samit, for the other part of your question.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Nadim. And thanks Terence for the question. As it relates to liso-cel, as you know, that we had submitted the application with comprehensive data sets at the end of last year. And the FDA accepted the application for liso-cel and granted a priority review in February of this year. Now, it is typical for the FDA to request additional information as they continue their review process and ask to the company supplied information in response to several requests that the FDA has made. FDA has decided that the information they have received constitute a major amendment. And that's why the PDUFA date has been extended by three months to the 16th of November now. We're obviously committed to ensuring this medicine is available to patients as soon as possible and we continue to meet our severe milestones. Obviously, we're not going to comment on the specifics of our regulatory discussions. But let me just remind that we remain very confident about the data for licensed health for these patients with large B-cell lymphoma, as it is an unmet medical need and we're truly looking forward to the approval of this therapy towards the end of the year.
Terence Flynn: Thank you.
Tim Power: Thanks Terence. Chloe could we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Absolutely. The next question comes from Geoff Meacham from Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Thanks for the question. I just had a couple, as a follow up for David if the environment normalizes this year, maybe still be a lower run rate for some of your new launches. Since if this affects how you think about 2021 in terms of revenue or cash flow, and other opportunities for synergies to be realized on an accelerated basis. And then Giovanni, big picture on the BD front. You talked about deals still being focused on as well integrate cells. And so just curious whether the COVID-19 environment offers this view either their priorities or perhaps the size and scope? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Geoff. Let me ask David to start and give you a perspective on 2020 and '21. It's really what has been reflected in our guidance. And I'll get to your second question immediately after.
David Elkins: So, thank you for the question. Particularly on guidance, as we're thinking about it, as we said is, right now we think the inventory build-up that came through is going to really sell mainly in Q2 and for the remainder of the year. As far as what we're watching closely for new patients starts in anticipation that that recovers in Q3 and we're back to normal in Q4. And as well as the infusion centers in the volumes returning to normal. And that would continue into 2021 on. What I would say is that the underlying performance of the business is very strong in the first quarter. And as you heard about what the product launches are confidence in those four product launches are coming this year, as well as the product launches next year. That gives us the confidence in reiterating our guidance for both this year and next year, but we're going to keep a very close eye on the macroeconomic factors that could wind up impacting entire industry as I talked about in my remarks. As far as the synergies, we continually review those synergies both internally as well as with our board. We are really pleased with the progress we've been making on the synergy front. And the progress with the third party vendors has done very, very well. And as far as getting the organization in place, the vast majority of our placements of the organization are done. And as far as site selection is concerned bringing our sites together that's moving along as planned as well. So we remain confident in delivering kind of essential targets that we have.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, David. So just going back to your question, Geoff. So let me just say first of all, we are very, very happy with the progress we've made with the integration of the company, and at the same time, the strength of execution in the company. So on one side, our business continues to perform really well. As you've seen, we've made great progress with the pipeline against all key value drivers. We're executing well. We've made progress. I would say we are progressing really well with synergies as well. And we have tremendous flexibility from a P&L perspective and from a financial perspective. So going forward, we will continue to be very disciplined in terms of how we think about resource allocation and expenses given evolutions related to the COVID pandemic. Now, given our strong position, as David mentioned earlier, we've not really changed our capital allocation strategy. Business development remains the central pillar of our strategy. We are very focused on continuing to bring the new assets and innovation into the company. I expect that to continue to be the case and it's very possible in fact that there are more opportunities available to us going forward. And going to we are definitely focused on business development as we've always been. So, thank you.
Tim Power: Great. Thanks, Giovanni. Are we ready for the next one?
Operator: Absolutely. The next question comes from Chris Schott from JPMorgan.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks so much for the questions. Just two for me. The first one, in light of the 9ER study, can you talk about the RCC market and the opportunity you see for Opdivo Yervoy versus IO TKI combinations over time? And how you see Bristol positioning these two different frontline offerings they're going to have as you think about how you're going to position them relative to one another? My second question was on COVID and drug pricing. I think you mentioned some of these kind of macroeconomic factors, but when you think about high unemployment as well as growing budget deficits from government payers. How do you see that flowing through as you think about net pricing, looking out later this year and into 2021? Core of the question do you think it's likely that we're going to see some sort of incremental impact to pricing from what's occurring with COVID right now? Thank you so much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Let me start. I'll give you my perspective on pricing. And then I'll ask Chris to comment on, 9ER and RCC. It's exciting there. So first of all, I think a lot of, first of all, I would say Chris, the issue of drug pricing is one, where we've been in dialogue now for a period of time. And we, as an industry and as a company continue to think that there is a real need to be strategic. And think about reforming some of the elements of the pricing system in the U.S. that are creating affordability issues for patients. As you know, we believe there is a real opportunity through rebate reform and other measures that are market based to address the issue of drug pricing in terms of patient affordability, which is the real issue. Now, with respect to your question, first it is early days and it is early to say, and it is difficult to speculate on the future. Of course the focus of many and I think that was at the center of your question is, what happens in an environment where unemployment is higher and a significant impact to the commercial markets. So one way to think about, if you look at our business, where 60% of our business approximately in the U.S. So of that 60%, about 25% of our business is in the commercial space. And when you look at the dynamics that may play out in the commercial space. I think a lot depends on what happens to patients that may be unemployed and potentially lose coverage. So some of those patients will move to a spouse's insurance plan. Some of those patients may take up COBRA. And obviously any strategy or policy that makes that more affordable would be - even more affordable would be beneficial for patients. Some of those patients will be eligible for Medicare if they're over 65. There may be some shifts to government programs like the exchanges or Medicaid and hopefully no patient or very few patients is covered. So these are all of the dynamics that we're going to be working through. And of course a lot depends on the shape of the recovery and how long unemployment lasts. But I think these are sort of the macro factors that we'll be looking at together. So with that, I'll ask Chris to give you his perspective about the RCC market and the excitement with 9ER.
Chris Boerner: Yeah, thanks for the question Chris. We're very excited about the data that we saw with 9ER. Maybe in answering your question, I'll start with just kind of an update on where we are with Opdivo plus Yervoy today in first line renal. If you go back a year, one of the things that we said when we first started to see the IO TKI data was that we anticipated that Opdivo plus Yervoy would remain a standard-of-care in first line. And that's precisely what's happened. And we think that's been driven primarily by the impressive long-term benefits that you have seen with Opdivo plus Yervoy. We just saw the 42 month OS update at ASCO GU, that OS was about 56% in the ITT population. And that's sort of been continued strong performance of Opdivo plus Yervoy in first line. Market share right now is between 30% and 35% overall. It's on the upper end of that range, when you look at the labeled indication that we have in intermediate core. We do get some non-promoted use in the favorable population, which is off label for us of about 15% Opdivo plus Yervoy use there. And we've also seen, that the majority of the use that existing IO plus TKI therapies have gotten in first line renal has largely been at the expense of TKI monotherapy. So Opdivo plus Yervoy has held up really well and in fact we've seen a bit of an uptick in Opdivo plus Yervoy over the last number of months. 9ER very exciting data, we're very happy to see both the OS and the PFS data that we saw there, also very encouraged by the safety profile for 9ER. In terms of how we're thinking about positioning it, still very early days and we're working through the data, but we think these data compete very well against the existing IO TKI therapies. As a result, we think there's an opportunity to drive share from existing IO TKI therapies. We also think that there's an opportunity to drive share from TKI monotherapy in spite of advances in first line renal TKI monotherapy is still about 20% to 25% of share, mostly in the favorable population. And with respect to favorable, we think there's an opportunity there for us as well since 9ER crossroads status and included that favorable population patient and now once approved, we'll have access to that population promotionally. Importantly, the last thing I would say is that once approved 9ER really does give us the opportunity to offer patients multiple IO modalities. We'll be the only company, frankly, to have dual IO, but also what we believe would be a best in class IO TKI offering. So very excited about the opportunity that 9ER offers us to help patients and provide another modality to those patients. And I think that there's a nice opportunity.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Chloe can we go to the next question please?
Operator: Certainly. The next question comes from Andrew Baum from Citi.
Andrew Baum: Thank you. So questions for Samit please. In terms of attending 9LA data at ASCO, what is the follow up of that data for both OSN for PFS? My question is all physicians going to come after that presentation and rethink that strategy for first line non-small cell lung on the back of that data, is there enough follow-up there? Second, in terms of the 9ER trial, could you talk to cover that too? I remember that when you ran the Phase 2, there was a question about toxicity and making sure and be use the low dose. So given it's a much more promiscuous TTI, should we assume a favorable or comparable tops profile? Anything you could share that would be interesting. And then finally on TIGIT, Roche's pushing forward very aggressively with that TIGIT antagonist. Merck clearly is interested and active with as your program seems not to been very much. Is that a function of resource allocation or is it a function of what you're seeing with this particular molecule? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Andrew. So Samit I believe all three elements of the questions are for you.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Andrew, as always very thoughtful questions. And certainly a thought provoking from our 9LA perspective certainly we're looking forward to the first presentation of the data. At ASCO, virtually, but certainly going to be very meaningful. As you recall we had finished enrollment towards the beginning of last year. So at the first readout of the data, the interim analysis, the follow-up is short. What we will be able to share is follow on data from that perspective. It's very important I think to realize from 9LA perspective a few things that are questions that we will be looking towards the data to answer. One is as we continue to follow on and as you continue the follow up, what happens to that OS curve? Does it start to flatten out? Number one. Number two, what happens to that beginning part of the curve that we saw in CheckMate227 where we have the early progresses and how a limited amount of chemotherapy can impact that? I think those are the very important answers that we be looking for as you look towards the presentation of the 9LA data. We remain excited. I think both of them have to be considered together with 227 data and the 9LA data in overall management of a patient as you look towards non-small cell lung cancer management as we go forward. So I think that dual IO inhibition becomes very important along with that shortened duration of chemotherapy for some patients required. I will obviously ask towards the end of when I finished that to Chris also to comment from commercial perspective was that really need. On the 9ER side, as you mentioned, a couple of medics will use a dose of 40 milligrams and certainly that is going to be important in terms of management of the safety profile. As we've already said, that overall what we have seen is generally quite manageable safety profile. Chris also spoke about, that this provides an opportunity for further use of Opdivo in all the risk categories in combination with this potential. So certainly very exciting news there the trial has met all three endpoints, the major endpoints if you look at from an overall survival benefit, as well as looking at DFS and response rate, in addition to a very well managed safety profile. And I'll finish off on the TIGIT and then I'll pass it on to Chris to comment further on both9LA as well as 9ER. On the TIGIT perspective, we are looking forward to see the data that Roche will be presenting, certainly a very complex mechanism, as you very well know. We have our molecule which is in Phase 1. We continue to evaluate the Phase 2. And the overall dose profile for that agent and certainly there's no data to be shared yet, but we will certainly learn from what Roche is going to present and then we'll see if we can manage differently. Chris, do you want to add things?
Chris Boerner: Sure. I think that Samit stood on most of the points around 9LA. What I would say from a commercial standpoint is obviously we've had a lot of discussions with physicians over the last few months about 227 and 9LA. And it's important what Samit said that physicians and we really do think that 227 and 9LA really need to be thought about together. 227, you'll recall that what we showed was about 50% of responders were still responding at two years, and we saw this nice flattening of the OS curve. You'll see how that data matures at ASCO into few weeks. But then the way physicians are thinking about 9LA is very much as complimentary to 227. In that they offer the benefit of Opdivo plus Yervoy to patients who don't need chemotherapy, that's 227. And for those patients who potentially do need chemotherapy and that's where 9LA comes into play. And I think Samit hit on some of the key things that you want to pay attention to when that data are presented at ASCO in a few weeks. Two other things that I would just keep in mind with respect to Opdivo plus Yervoy in lung. First about half of the lung cancer treaters have used Opdivo plus Yervoy either in melanoma or renal. So, they're familiar with the benefit that we see with that regimen there and those physicians account for about two thirds of total lung cancer patients. And then the second thing not a trivial thing is that we have a very experienced team with a track record of being able to establish Opdivo plus Yervoy at a standard of care in both of the tumors in which we've been approved with that regimen. And then they're incredibly excited and prepared to launch Opdivo plus Yervoy in first line lung cancer and we're really looking forward to the PDUFA date for 227 next week.
Andrew Baum: Thank you, Chris.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Chloe, could we get to the next one, please?
Operator: Certainly. The next question comes from Tim Anderson from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. Couple of questions, please. Quite a few number of Bristol narrowed its footprint in emerging markets intentionally to focus on I think what it felt was geographies where it had more scale and presence. But with Celgene folded in you're a much bigger organization. And it kind of makes me wonder what the plan is with emerging markets going forward. I don't even see emerging markets or China, mentioned in the press release or in the slide deck. But as we've seen across industry, geographies, like China are very important, especially in their oncology. So it makes me wonder if there's kind of an untapped revenue stream here. And what's the solution, if you think there is indeed a problem that you don't have a big enough footprint now given the size of the company? The second question is on LAG3. If I understand it you have pivotal LAG3 plus Opdivo in combination data coming up around year-end, in first line melanoma as a program that doesn't seem to be get talked about very much investor expectations are low. My question is, should those expectations be low do you view this as a high risk program?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. Let me just answer your first question. And then I'll ask Samit to give you his perspective on the ongoing LAG3 program. I think you're point is really important. It is a very good question. You are right that given our focus on oncology and all of the work that we have done over the last few years, we have been focused primarily on, I would say the developed world. I must say we have a meaningful presence in developing countries. And when we've seen when we look at the development of our oncology business in particular, we have had significant success actually outside of the US and Europe and major markets, including Central and Eastern Europe and some of the key markets in Latin America. And as you know recently with the approval of Opdivo in China. So it is also accurate that now we have a broader portfolio and more opportunities to establish a larger presence outside of the tier one top markets. And I'm actually really confident we have the right capabilities there. And we have a strong base to continue to invest internationally. There is a real opportunity, but there is also already a presence of the BMS portfolio that has been successful there. So, we'll continue to invest, across different geographies and there is an opportunity with a broader portfolio to have an even broader approach with respect to the footprint. Samit?
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Giovanni. I'll take on the last three questions, so, I think, first of all, a lot has happened in terms of drug development part in patients with melanoma and certainly BMS player. BMS has played a big role in getting the FDA together both Opdivo and Yervoy. Lastly as a new mechanism that we are excited about from the early Phase 1 data we have seen, and also from the biomarker data perspective looking at the T-cell exhaustion and how to get the immune system going again. From that perspective, this is going to be a very important study. The trial is currently enrolling and this is certainly seeing from the investigators perspective. They remain excited and they continue to enroll patients in the trial. It is on track. From an enrollment perspective, we continue to collect data we look into where's the readout towards the end of the year. And in parallel, we continue to plan lifecycle management studies in terms of looking at visual indications that you will hear about as we roll them out towards the end of the year, early next year as well.
Tim Power: Thanks Samit. Can we go to the next one please Chloe?
Operator: Certainly. The next question comes from Matt Phipps from William Blair.
Matt Phipps: Thanks for taking the question. First given the current environment and potential trouble accessing infusion clinics, is there any reason to accelerate the development of our subcutaneous nivolumab and other trials going on there since 2018 looking at that? And secondly, for the TYK2 a small molecule just want to confirm that psoriasis trials are on track to complete or midyear this summer. And all the physician assessments can be completed. And then there's been a lot of formulation work ongoing according to clinical trials.gov. And just wondering if any of our impact potential filings in new clinical trials are successful?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Matt. So Samit, I think there's two questions on subcu nivo and then the status of the TYK2 program.
Samit Hirawat: Absolutely, thank you. So, the only thing I can say about the subcu nivo that we are currently evaluating that. It is ongoing. I think acceleration will depend on the outcomes of the first Phase 1 studies as we look towards the dosing and the tolerability and safety, which should be available sometime soon. And then based on that, we'll continue to progress further, looking into the further development and bringing it to the patients. We recall the Phase 2 data we are certainly very, very promising Phase 3 trials, both over 046, 047 completed enrollment. So at this time we are looking at follow-up of these patients, collection of the data and cleaning activities so that we can push the database lock. There's no reason to believe that there will be any delays. We're looking towards the end of the year for readout of the first study of 046 and first quarter of next year for 047 for the psoriasis program. So, those two are the updates for TYK2 and subcu nivo. Back to you Tim.
Tim Power: Thanks so much. I know we're starting to run close to the end of our normal time. I think it's maybe time to squeeze in two more questions Chloe. Could we go to the next one?
Operator: Absolutely. The next question comes from Steve Scala from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Steve Scala: Thank you. Your comments on the liso-cel PDUFA extension reflected no real concern whatsoever. And it's one of the four new launches you called out for this year. It seems you are completely comfortable with the FDA meeting the regulatory timeline. I just want to make sure that that's the impression you wish to convey to us? And then secondly, it was stated that the COVID-19 could lead to inventory destock and a drop in patient visits to infusion centers in the second quarter as well as beyond that. I'm just curious, what was the decline in these metrics during the month of April? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Sure. Thank you, Steve. So I think we've already made comments on liso-cel, but I'll ask Samit, if there's anything he wants to add, and then David can give you a perspective about different market dynamics and how we see that impacting the business for the rest of the year.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Giovanni. And thanks Steve for the question. For liso-cel what we have said that we remain confident in the data. We remain confident in the data that is submitted to the FDA. It is very normal for the FDA as they review the file to ask questions. Certainly we are looking towards the approval date now in November. During the review process, there may be many more questions that come to us. But that's a very normal process. So I think that's the way to look at it. I obviously cannot comment specifically on types of questions or one that relates to from a regulatory point of view. We remain confident and we are looking forward to bringing this treatment to patients as soon as possible towards the end of this year.
David Elkins: And just on the question around the stocking that we saw. So as we entered the pandemic situation in February and March, what we saw was across the board, we saw safety stocks increasing so we saw wholesalers, making sure they had increased inventory. We also saw that pharmacies had extra safety stock. And then we installed with patients getting longer scripts, as we talked about it. Revlimid was an example doubling the number of days that they could get. We are starting to see some of that destocking come out. And we anticipate, as I said earlier that the majority of that will come out in Q2. So of the $500 million that we talked about, majority of that come out in Q2, and then we'll see it coming out to in Q3 remainder is what we're anticipating. As far as what we're seeing on the new patient started early days. What we're seeing there, but we did see some of those new Rxs declining 10% to 20%, depending upon them. And we'll be watching that very closely in the second quarter, and we'll update you on that. And then on the infusion center, similar, that we're seeing in that 10% to 20% range as well, fewer patients. So again, that's something that we're going to keep an eye on in the second quarter as well. Chris, I don't know, if there's anything that you wanted to add to that.
Chris Boerner: I think you've managed to hit on the key points. The only other thing I would say is that the drop that we've seen in patient volume and particularly in new patient starts has varied really across therapeutic areas. So in the CV space, it's been sort of on the order of 20% to 25% across the NOAC class. A lesser extent in oncology and the tumors that we are in, it's been on the order of 5% to 20%. And as David mentioned, that has led to some choppiness, for example, in Opdivo sales in April, which we think is attributable to the new patients, to the drop in new patient starts. That said, we would expect that as David had mentioned, that would the biggest impact for that would be in the second quarter that would begin to normalize and be back to more normal levels by the third quarter - by the fourth quarter, and that's what we'll be continuing to monitor.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Maybe we can go to our last one Chloe.
Operator: Absolutely. The next question comes from Dave Risinger from Morgan Stanley.
Dave Risinger: Thanks very much. So congrats on the results in the prospects. I have two questions. First, could you just comment on the ozanimod opportunity and all sort of colitis and the expected timing of Phase 3 top-line results? And then I missed part of call earlier, so I don't know if you discussed it. But could you also comment on Opdivo adjuvant trial readouts to watch? And maybe you could focus on the biggest incremental commercial opportunities with respect to those adjuvant trials? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, David. So Samit and Chris can address both of your questions.
Chris Boerner: Samit, do you want to start with the data on IBD and then I'll pick up on the commercial opportunity to talk about attributes.
Samit Hirawat: Sure, absolutely. And then certainly for the data that we're looking forward to for ozanimod in ulcerative colitis. We are still on track as the trial had already completed enrollment and we're looking towards the third quarter of this year for the top line readout. Let me give back to you for adjuvant timelines and the impact. Chris?
Chris Boerner: So just on the commercial opportunity in IBD, what I would say to build on what Samit started with around the data is that with both ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease, as you may know, these are chronic conditions, they require multiple treatments to manage. And in both of those disease areas, there really is a need for more efficacious drugs with a manageable safety profile. In terms of how we seek, we could play in that space with ozanimod. In the pre-biologic space, I think there's a need for safe convenient options with efficacy that's on the order of what you see with biologics. That's especially true in Crohn's disease, which lacks any sort of a well-established first line treatment. And then in a post-biologic space, there's really a need for safe options with a different MOA for patients as they develop immunogenicity to biologics. And as Samit alluded to, the data are still relatively young and ultimately the opportunity that we're going to have is going to be data dependent there. With respect to the adjuvant opportunity as we've talked about routinely, we're excited about the adjuvant opportunity. It's a space where IO should work given you have an intact immune system. The data that we've seen so far, both in adjuvant melanoma with Opdivo and Yervoy and some of the early data that we've seen with Opdivo in the neoadjuvant setting where we saw about a 45% pathological response rate looked very encouraging. And we think it's the opportunity to have the biggest impact on patients. In terms of those commercial opportunities, we watching out for. Remember the way to think about it commercially is not only the patients who are treated today but much like what we saw with the introduction of IO in adjuvant melanoma, you really have an opportunity to improve the treatment rates. So you need to look at both, patients who are treated today, but also what's the treatment rate. So the ones to keep an eye on would be lung. Lung is an area where in the U.S. are about 10,000 patients treated today. But the treatment rate in adjuvant lung is only about 40%. Similarly, we're excited about the opportunities in renal cell and esophageal. Those are also potentially large opportunities. Renal in particular, the treatment rate in adjuvant is only about 15%. And then obviously we have ongoing programs in adjuvant melanoma as well. Other programs that are of interest would be gastric bladder. And the nice thing about the portfolio of adjuvant programs we have is that we've got multiple approaches and we're also looking at traditional adjuvant as well as neoadjuvant and peri-adjuvant. So really excited about the opportunity.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Thanks Chris. So thanks everyone for participating in the call. This was a very strong quarter. I'm very proud of our execution and the resilience of our organization. I look forward to what we work on to achieve together. In closing, it is clear that the pandemic is impacting our lives. It's also shining a light on the potential we have as an industry and as a company to transform the lives of patients to the science. We're focus on doing our part and continuing to deliver medicines that our patients are depending on. Thanks everyone and our team will continue to be available to answer the rest of your questions. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2019 Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
John Elicker: Good morning, Anna, and thanks everybody for joining us today as we talk about our quarter, and importantly the outlook for 2020 and beyond. I'll take care of the legal requirements, before I turn it over to Giovanni. Both Giovanni and David Elkins, our CFO will have prepared remarks. And then joining us for Q&A, as well are Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Development; Chris Boerner, Chief Commercialization Officer; and Nadim Ahmed, our President of the Hematology business. During the call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We will also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website. And just to remind everybody in case you haven't seen them there are slides to go along with today's call. And with that, I'll turn it over to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call. I am pleased to be here today to discuss the earning results of our new company for the first time. On slide 4, let me start by reminding you who the new Bristol-Myers Squibb is today. Our mission hasn't changed. We are focused on discovering, developing and delivering innovative medicines that help patients living with serious diseases. We aspire to be the leading biopharma company in the industry. Our strategic foundation remains centered on combining the scale and resources of a pharma company with the agility and speed of a biotech. I am proud of the strength and talent of our people, who are focused on transforming patients lives through science. Moving to slide 5, I am more encouraged about our company's potential today than I was a year ago. The strength of our performance in 2019 has positioned us very well for the future. As I look at 2019, we've delivered strong in-line performance across our businesses and geographies, and we've made important progress on our late-stage pipeline.
David Elkins: Thank you, Giovanni, and good morning, everyone. Having benefited from working in this industry for over 20 years, I could not be more excited about the growth potential and earnings power of bringing these two companies together. I've been very impressed by the employees of the combined company. I'm encouraged by the breadth of opportunities we have ahead and our ability to deliver important new medicines to patients. Now let's turn our focus to the performance in 2019. To start, the business continued to deliver strong performance in the fourth quarter with 6% revenue growth on a pro forma basis. This performance serves as a strong foundation for the future outlook of the company, which we will cover in a moment. Giovanni gave you some brand insights, but let me provide you with additional color on the underlying performance of the business. Beginning with Opdivo on slide 11, we had continued strong commercial excellence in the quarter where our teams continue to operate very well in increasingly competitive markets. Let me provide you with a perspective on how we see the business at the moment. From a U.S. demand perspective, we are seeing sequential low single-digit decline driven by the headwinds we've described in the past. Note that demand trends are more steady than reported sales, which were incrementally impacted by buying patterns both in the government channel and from wholesalers. Now with respect to some key indications, we expect steady performance in our melanoma business driven by our leadership in both metastatic and adjuvant setting. In non-small cell lung cancer, the size of the eligible pool of second-line patients is leveling off at roughly one-third. In first-line RCC space, we continue to perform well where Opdivo-Yervoy remains the standard of care in intermediate and poor-risk patients and we've seen stabilization in this indication as well. Internationally, we've seen very strong commercial execution in all our key markets, resulting in encouraging growth in the brand. We expect further growth as we continue to secure reimbursement in first-line RCC. With respect to first-line lung, we look forward to the opportunity to launch 9LA in the same setting and making Opdivo available for patients in these markets. So stepping back, we continue to see 2020 as a transition year for Opdivo, with demand pressures in the U.S. and growth in our international business. More importantly, as we move into 2021, we believe we have a strong foundation for growth fueled by potential new indications including first-line lung.
John Elicker: Thanks, David, and I think we're ready to go to the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you.  We take our first question from Chris Schott from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks so very much for the question. Maybe just two here on Opdivo. First, I know, Giovanni, you touched on it a little bit in the prepared remarks, but can you just elaborate on the first-line lung strategy in Europe post the last week's 227 update? And then when we think about first-line lung in the U.S. is Opdivo+Yervoy and the 227 data the primary focus? Or do you feel that the 9LA regimen of chemo Opdivo+Yervoy will be the bigger focus? I'm trying to figure out how you're balancing those, I guess, two data sets. And then my second question was, another one, just as we think about 2020 for Opdivo. When you look at where the Street is shaking out here, which, I think, is about a 5% erosion for Opdivo this year versus 2019, do you feel like consensus properly captures the balance of the second-line lung erosion relative to the growth you're seeing in some of these other indications? Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. Thank you, Chris. So first of all, let me just say, as I mentioned in my remarks, our focus in Europe for first-line lung cancer, obviously, has shifted to 9LA, which we believe has -- and we've said before, is an important study. Let me just ask Chris Boerner to give you a perspective on our overall strategy for first-line lung cancer in the U.S., as we think about the two trials. And then, Chris can provide some perspective on Opdivo performance and the various components of that in 2020 as well.
Chris Boerner: Yes. Chris, thanks for the question. I mean, I think we continue to see 227 and 9LA as being thought of in the U.S. very much in conjunction with one another. If you go back, what we hear consistently from physicians who have seen the 227 data is that; number one, they're impressed with the potential for long-term survival with dual I-O therapy. They note the depth and durability of complete remissions, all coming with a very manageable safety profile. And so, they see that as an important opportunity for patients who either don't need or don't want chemotherapy. And incidentally, I would say, that the NCCN listing, 2A listing that we got back in December is a recognition both of the unmet need that continues to exist in first-line lung cancer, as well as the potential that exists for dual I-O therapy. What 9LA then brings to the table is, answering the question, for those patients who do need chemotherapy, does concomitant chemotherapy, two cycles in this case, along with dual I-O therapy, provide a benefit? And we're very happy to see a second study that demonstrates overall survival. So as physicians in the U.S. think about these studies, they very much think about them in combination with one another. And that's an important part of how we are going to think about our long-term strategy in first-line lung cancer. As it relates to 2020 and how we think about the business, let me say just a couple of things. First of all, the business for Opdivo in the U.S. continues to perform in line with our expectations. In second-line lung cancer, eligibility is still on the order of 30% to 35%. We expect that's going to flatten out around 30% this year. Our shares are holding stable in the 35% to 40% range. The business continues to be stable in metastatic melanoma. We continue to have a leadership position in adjuvant melanoma. And again in first-line renal, our business is stable in our approved indications. As we think about this year, as David mentioned, the business is going to continue to still be under pressure. As a reminder that pressure really comes from three tumors: it's second-line lung cancer, where we've talked about the dynamics there; and it's small cell; and head and neck. And in those two tumors it's a very similar dynamic to lung cancer, where you've seen competitive approvals in the first-line impacting eligibility in the second line. But I would say importantly, our assumption for this year is that our shares in the second-line setting across those tumors remain stable. It's just stable within a smaller pool of patients.
Giovanni Caforio: And again as I – we said earlier in the remarks Chris, while we're not commenting exactly on guidance for the growth of Opdivo this year. We remain confident with growth growing into 2021. And that's our focus, particularly as it relates to preparation for launches and commercial execution.
John Elicker: Can we go to the next question please, Anna
Operator: We take our next question from Seamus Fernandez from Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Seamus Fernandez: Thanks very much. So actually I'd love to ask you guys about the Celgene portfolio a little bit and rather than focusing on the Bristol portfolio. One of the products that we learned about at ASH was the oral the data opportunity. I was just hoping, you might be able to help put that in context for us to help us understand what may be an underappreciated opportunity in the Bristol story. And particularly something that falls outside of the CVR maybe this is a bit of a surprise upside. And then also would you update us on the CELMoD development opportunity, maybe just put in context where you see the CELMoD portfolio delivering the most upside? As we talk to physicians, some of the feedback that we get is that this is a pretty straightforward opportunity for physicians to treat patients that have progressed on both Revlimid and Pomalyst. So just love to get your thoughts on both of those opportunities. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Seamus. Let me ask Samit to start and give you a perspective both on CC-486 and then CELMoD and Nadim will make some comments from a commercial perspective.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Seamus for the question. I think you already teed up the overall portfolio from a, what comes from the Celgene side of things in terms of hematology, where certainly beyond the ones that we've already talked about from  CC-486 certainly adds on to that. CC-486 study in patients with acute myeloid leukemia was certainly a very important data set that we presented at ASH, looking at patients with AML, who have received induction with or without consolidation chemotherapy and then achieve a complete response with or without complete recovery of the bone marrow. And what we saw over there is of course the overall survival improvement as well as an improvement in the relapse-free survival. And this is an oral agent, so convenience of delivery for these patients becomes very, very important. And this is the first and only treatment that has shown a survival benefit in the maintenance setting. So we remain excited about that and we're looking forward towards discussions with the health authority and the filings going forward. Of course, here we also continue to think about the overall life-cycle management plan with our portfolio and the combinations that could be available in the future. As it comes to the CELMoDs and then I will pass it on to Nadim to comment more on I think CELMoDs are certainly a very, very exciting addition to the overall portfolio and in the armamentarium that we look forward to developing in multiple myeloma. We see this as absolute necessary opportunity. And one of the data sets that we presented in ASCO 2019 were for CC-220, where we saw that patients who had received prior treatment with IMiD, proteasome inhibitors, daratumumab they still went on to have a response rate of 31%. And these are durable responses that we saw in this late-line setting. So we have additional plans for not only CC-220 but CC-480, which is another CELMoD looking at multiple myeloma setting. And there are a multitude of opportunities with our overall portfolio of cell therapies as well as the T-cell engagers, where we will continue to think about how to do treatments for further improvement in the outcome of these patients where cure still does not exist. So we'll be sharing those plans in the coming months as we look forward. But let me pass it on to Nadim to talk a little bit more from the commercial perspective.
Nadim Ahmed: Thanks, Samit. And then thank you for the question, Seamus. So if you think about frontline or newly diagnosed AML across EU5 and the U.S. about 33,000 patients. And about two-thirds of those patients are eligible for intensive chemotherapy and that's the patient group that we studied. And the unmet need even in newly diagnosed AML is very high. So with the elderly patients, you have a five-year survival of only about 15% and 80% of these patients will relapse within 18 months. So to have a treatment that adds 10 months of overall survival and doubles the relapse-free survival is going to be really important. So we're very excited about the opportunity in AML. And I'll also remind you that this gives us another opportunity to once again establish the maintenance treatment paradigm in another disease after we did the same in multiple myeloma. So we're very excited about the opportunity. So that's CC-486. In terms of 220 and Samit covered it very well as well as 480, we are hearing the exact same thing from clinicians who have been using the drug on study. So certainly, we're seeing the CELMoDs work after our IMiD our in-line portfolio. But I think the additional opportunity as Samit alluded to is some of our life-cycle management opportunities where we then have the chance to move these treatments up earlier in the treatment sequence to displace the IMiD. So we're very excited about that opportunity also.
John Elicker: Thanks, Seamus for the questions. Can we go to the next question please, Ana?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Geoff Meacham from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Good morning everyone. Thanks for the question. Just have a couple. For David or for Giovanni, for 2021 guidance, I know you guys don't want to give details, but generally should we assume that earnings growth will be mostly from the return to growth for I-O and maybe new launches? Or is it more from the operational synergy side of things? And then for Nadim, what is the credit field for BCMA-targeted therapies? Just curious about the status of moving bb2121 up to second-line myeloma and when you guys think about the BCMA modalities in your pipeline, how do you all reconcile bi-specifics with CAR-Ts and others? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. Thank you, Geoff. Let me start. Obviously, when you look at 2121 as we've said, we have an opportunity to return to growth for Opdivo. We have a number of really exciting launch opportunities and I've mentioned several of those. And so there is real momentum in the business, which is driven by the portfolio and how new launches come into play. That's the reason why I feel really good about the fact that the guidance we provided from -- for 2021 is driven by dynamics in the portfolio that are very encouraging for us. Of course, we will be disciplined with respect to continuing to execute on the synergies. And as you know, we've updated that we feel comfortable with the $2.5 billion about one-third will come this year and we expect about one-third to come next year. But I think the growth of next year, we're really excited about the portfolio opportunities playing out. Let me just ask Samit and Nadim to ask you -- to answer your second question.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Giovanni, and thanks Geoff for the question on the BCMA portfolio. So from a BCMA CAR T-cell perspective from ide-cel perspective, we've already shared some of the data last year at ASH looking at ide-cel in the fourth-line plus patient population where we saw a CR rate of 31% overall. And we're certainly excited towards continuing to expand that portfolio and towards filing of that data set itself. There are three additional studies that are currently ongoing as you can see on ClinicalTrials.gov. KarMMa-2 is the study I think that sort of answers your question that we are beginning to look at the second-line setting. So we're looking at using ide-cel in the second-line patient population. KarMMa-2 is a randomized Phase III study looking at ide-cel versus a triplet therapy for patients in the third-line plus setting. And then KarMMa-4 was just initiated at the end of last year looking at the first-line patient population in a Phase I/II study. So we're really excited towards looking into the outcomes of these studies and the data generation. And when we talk about the overall portfolio from a BCMA perspective, I think all the emerging data tells us that BCMA is absolutely an important target that we need to be able to attack from various modalities, whether it be through the cell therapies that we talked about or the T-cell engager that we have now shared the data from the Phase 1 Study -269 and certainly looking forward to now looking at how to bring that forward as more data matures and accelerate that development plan. And then, of course, we'll look into our pipeline how to combine these with as we previously discussed with CELMoD et cetera. But let me pass it on to Nadim to give you a little bit more on that.
Nadim Ahmed: Sure. Thanks Samit. And so one thing I will remind everyone is that once we had a good idea that BCMA was going to be a very important target for multiple myeloma, we strategically and proactively embarked on a multi-modality approach to treating this disease. And our thinking there was that you have very different patient segments that can benefit from CAR-T versus a T-cell engager and even ADC, which we have early on in the clinic. So as you think about the various patient segments, patient profiles and patient preferences, you can envisage where a patient has the opportunity to receive CAR-T with a one-and-done treatment that allows them to have a very long treatment-free interval. So there's an opportunity to do that. Physicians may choose to refer their younger and fitter patients for CAR-T for example. You may have somebody who prefers to be treated closer to home for whom a T-cell engager will be an ideal treatment. And then both treatments work differently. For a T-cell engager, you need to continue the treatment to stay on top of the disease. And with the CAR-T therapy it's a once-and-done treatment. So we think there's definitely room for both and even potentially three modalities to coexist one within the same line of therapy, but of course also across multiple lines of therapy in exactly the same way we approach Revlimid and Pomalyst in the multiple myeloma market. So we feel very confident that we're actually delivering on our strategy and there's the opportunity for multiple-patient segments to benefit from all these types of modalities.
John Elicker: Okay, thanks. And can we go to the next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from Tim Anderson from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Timothy Anderson: Thank you. A couple of questions, originally you guys at the time of the deal gave 2022 and 2025 guidance on revenues and net income. That has not been updated since the Otezla divestiture. And I'm wondering, are you going to update that at some point? Or can you update that today I guess as it will have changed? And then second question is at least for us the black box has been how to model Revlimid erosion. At the time of the deal, you made it very clear that your internal forecasts were much more conservative and cautious on the rate of erosion of Revlimid from 2022 onwards to the big product. I'm wondering now a year on as you see analyst models, do you think the analyst community is appropriately modeling that erosion? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. Let me just start on both questions and then David can add more comments. So first of all with respect to guidance I think, as we said from the beginning, we were not going to go back and update the S-4 from last year. As you know there have been a number of things that have happened since last year; the divestiture of Otezla as you mentioned; the divestiture of our UPSA consumer medicines business; and on the other side continued really strong performance with our in-line business and significant progress with the pipeline, which obviously is a key driver of our performance in the next few years. So overall as I mentioned also in my remarks, I feel better today about where we are than I felt a year ago when we first announced the deal. And the strength of our in-line business and the progress made with our pipeline make me feel really good about the future and the key drivers that were behind the confidence we had last year and we have today in the business. Today we provided guidance on 2020 and 2021. I made some comments about our perspective on 2022 and we feel pretty good about where we are. So now with respect to Revlimid also there, there have been good developments. First of all, I would say the in-line performance of the brand continues to be strong and the teams are doing a great job continuing to support an important franchise. I think that's important. We had two IPR decisions, which were favorable to Bristol-Myers Squibb. We did reach a settlement with Alvogen, which was aligned with our expectations. And I would say that overall, we continue to see the loss of exclusivity for Revlimid as a slope. That is driven by sort of all the same assumptions that we've discussed in the past. There has been good development and so nothing has really changed there.
John Elicker: Great. Tim thanks for the questions. Anna, can we go to the next one please?
Operator: The next question comes from Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I was wondering first on Opdivo, if you can give us your latest thoughts on the opportunity in adjuvant bladder following the Roche data. Just wondering, if there are any notable trial design differences you could point to for your study versus their trial. And then on bb2121 and JCAR and the commercial ramp on the forward, anything you guys have learned from the competitive CAR T launches that you can leverage? And would you expect to have stronger launches as a result? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks Terence. Samit, why don't you start and...
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you for the question, Terence. And as it relates to the adjuvant setting, first of all, let me start by saying that immuno-oncology products are going to play a major role in the adjuvant setting because, the earlier we can utilize these treatments, it will provide an opportunity to not only shift the level of recurrence, but provide a potential for cure for these patients. And overall, as we move earlier and earlier from the metastatic setting to the earlier setting, the overall plan that we have in place, we feel very confident about it in non-small cell lung cancer melanoma, RCC, gastric and of course in bladder cancer as well. There -- it's no point trying to do cross-trial comparisons. At this point, I think we are pretty close to where we will be starting to see the data emerging. I think just to keep in mind that, the overall patient population that we've enrolled seems very similar. And without getting into the specifics, the one major difference is placebo used in our trial versus observation in the other trial and the treatment duration is different. But I think, we should wait for the data for it to read out, rather than getting into the specifics at this time. But I think, Chris can give you more color on the commercial side.
Chris Boerner: Yes. So let me just say something on a macro level with respect to the adjuvant programs and then I'll talk specifically about bladder. Just a reminder, that as you think about the adjuvant setting, you need to think not only about the patients who are treated today, but also the potential for patients to be treated. So, what we saw when we launched I-O in the adjuvant melanoma space was that you saw treatment rates increase significantly. And then a number of the tumors in which we are pursuing our early-stage program, you see treatment rates in the low to single digits ultimately up to potentially around 40% for some tumors. But still there's plenty of opportunity for us to not only treat patients who are being treated today, but with improved therapies, improve the treatment rates overall. With respect to bladder cancer specifically, this is a very large patient population. It's highly fragmented. And we have importantly multiple opportunities in the muscle-invasive space. About 50% of those patients are getting surgery today. We have CheckMate-078 which is in the periadjuvant setting. We're looking at the entire population with CheckMate-274 and we also have a non-muscle invasive bladder program as well. So, it's an important opportunity for us. We are still very confident in the opportunity for I-O in the adjuvant setting and we very much look forward to seeing the data.
Nadim Ahmed: Great. Thanks, Chris. I'll pick up on CAR T. So, I think a couple of things I would mention as you alluded to. So, clearly there have been some headwinds in the marketplace. And I think about things like reimbursement access environment, complexity of manufacturing, also the safety profile of current agents has led to most of the administration being conducted in the inpatient setting. So, we're addressing all of those near-term headwinds. So a couple of things I would say. So if I use just liso-cel as an example, the data we showed at ASH of the pivotal data, we're seeing a safety profile where we're seeing significant reduction in the incidence and severity of CRS neurotoxicity, which we think bodes well to be able to give this treatment in the outpatient setting, which will allow us to expand our prescriber base. So we're excited about that. The other thing that's important to point out from a differentiation of BMS is that, we do have very deep relationships with hematologists and that includes multiple myeloma that includes lymphoma. So, our footprint out in the community will really help us to drive those referrals into the treatment sites where CAR Ts will be given as well as expand out into the community with assets like liso-cel. So from where we're looking, we think we're addressing the near-term headwinds. In terms of the access environment, ongoing work continues in terms of addressing the DRG issue. Great news last year that the National Coverage Determination wasn't implemented so that could have impacted site of care. So that's not an issue for us now. From a manufacturing capacity capability between Summit and Seattle, we feel very good about capacity at launch. And we also have longer-term plans to expand that footprint to make sure we continue to have great capacity. But the other final thing I would add is, we've seen transformational data in very late-stage setting. But I think the true potential of these therapies is moving them up earlier in the treatment sequence from a long-term potential perspective. And you heard from Samit that we have a very aggressive life-cycle management plan for both of these assets that will allow us to unlock that long-term potential for these transformational therapies.
John Elicker: Thanks, Terence. Can we go to the next question please, Anna?
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Phipps from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Matt Phipps: Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering, if you could quantify the impact of buying patterns for Opdivo in the U.S. for the quarter, or do we just assume it's the difference between the 6% decline in quarter-over-quarter prices versus – I know you mentioned the low single-digit decline in demand?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, Matt. Chris?
Chris Boerner: Yeah. So let me address that, Matt. So as David mentioned in his prepared remarks, we saw Opdivo decline on the quarter versus same time last year about 2%. And let me just characterize that. That was entirely driven by the U.S., which was down about 10%, but virtually all of that decline year-over-year as a result of the dynamics we've been talking about quite a bit, which are the dynamics in second-line lung cancer. As you look on a sequential basis the U.S. was down roughly 6%. About half of that was a result of the inventory work down with the VA. The remaining portion of that was mainly the second-line eligibility issue in lung cancer. We saw a little bit of an impact in eligibility in small-cell lung cancer and head and neck. But importantly, if you normalize for the VA inventory movements what you see in both Q3 and Q4 from a demand standpoint was Opdivo was down as David mentioned in low single digits around 2% to 3%. And importantly, as we see both 2020 and 2021, the impacts that you saw in the quarter will have no material impact on what we see for the year as a whole in 2020 and for the growth opportunities for Opdivo as we go into 2021.
John Elicker: Can we go to the next question please Anna?
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Scala from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Steve Scala: Thank you. I have two questions both for clarification. First, Giovanni to clarify on what you said about growth in 2022, did you say you see growth into 2022 or through 2022 although moderating? And if into, is there any scenario where earnings would be down in 2022? So that's the first question. And the second one is on the other income expense guidance for 2020. It appears way better than one would expect given the financing costs. Now you mentioned the step-up in royalties on KEYTRUDA and the AstraZeneca diabetes products in 2020. But I thought that the KEYTRUDA royalty was flat at 6.5% through 2024 and the AstraZeneca royalties are either flat at or step down in 2020. So are you saying that the royalty rates are the same, but the products will grow or something different? And I don't think there's a lot of optimism about the AstraZeneca diabetes portfolio. So I'm wondering again, is it the royalty rates are changing or the products' royalties are changing? So please clarify. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Steve. Let me ask – let me answer the first question. So when I spoke about 2022, I'm speaking about growth in 2022 moderated by in terms of the growth rate by the potential beginning of the entrance of generics for Revlimid in 2022. So I see at this point our business growing in 2022 as a year with the moderation of the growth rate versus 2021 driven by the dynamic I just discussed. David?
David Elkins: Yes. And KEYTRUDA from a volume perspective continues to grow; and AstraZeneca the rate continues to increase. So that is being offset by the higher interest expense, as I talked about in my prepared remarks with the $45 billion of debt and average interest rate of 3.4%.
John Elicker: Hey, can we go to the -- I think we have time maybe for two more questions, Anna.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Risinger from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Risinger: Thanks very much, and congrats on the disclosures. So, sorry to go back on this Giovanni, but just a quick question, I think that last year you had said that you expected a sort of growth EPS through 2025. In your prepared remarks, you mentioned continuing growth into 2022. Could you just provide any comments beyond 2022 please? And then second with respect to CAR T hospitals are obviously losing significant amount of money on patients who are not in clinical trials, which are paid for by manufacturers. Could you just talk about prospects for changes to Medicare reimbursement and potential changes in DRG codes in the future? Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio: Sure. David let me start and then Nadim will comment. So let me just say again I feel really good about where we are with our business. We discussed very clearly in Q3 we would not update the S-4 going forward. And I feel pretty good about having provided visibility into the next three years, which clearly demonstrate the earnings power the growth outlook for the company. Most importantly, I feel really good about the fundamentals of the business both in terms of the performance of the in-line portfolio and the speed at which the pipeline that will drive the long-term growth of the company is advancing. So I'm not going to make comments beyond 2022. But I believe I provided my perspective on where we are as a company and the real opportunity we have for the long term. Nadim?
Nadim Ahmed: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I think part of the issue around the access reimbursement environment has as I said previously has been driven a lot by the fact that many of these treatments have been given in the inpatient setting. So, one I would say if you have a treatment that has the potential to be utilized in the outpatient setting then you start entering into the Part B environment, which is very different to the inpatient capitated DRG environment. So that's one point I would make especially as it pertains to liso-cel. I think in the inpatient setting the challenge has exactly been that decapitated treatment. Even having said that though, as things have started to improve, we saw the NTAP improve to 65% last year through CMS. I think there's been lots of talk and we've been working on a potential DRG for CAR T specifically. Currently, sites are having to use the DRG for stem cell transplant, which under-reimburses the cost of CAR T therapy. So there is work to do, but the two things I would leave you with is outpatient represents a discrete different opportunity which isn't affected by capitated payments. But at the same time I think CMS is working on the opportunity to come up with a specific DRG potentially for CAR T. And I think that will help reimbursement in the inpatient setting also.
John Elicker: Thanks, Dave. Can we go to our last question, please Anna? 
Operator: We take our next question from Navin Jacob from UBS. Please go ahead.
Prakhar Agrawal: Hi. This is Prakhar Agrawal on behalf of Navin. So my first question is on the CheckMate oral trial. There were some interesting data at ASCO GI recently in first-line HCC for Opdivo cabo and Opdivo cabo Yervoy triplet regimen. So, any comment on the data presented and the potential for these two regimens in HCC? And second question is on Yervoy. So Yervoy performed better than expectations this quarter. So the question is, is the impact from the uptake of KEYTRUDA and lighter regimen is in first-line RCC mostly done? And should we expect more tempered erosion in U.S. in 2020? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Samit, why don't you start?
Samit Hirawat: Yes. In the HCC arena, our focus is primarily on the Opdivo-Yervoy combination. So beyond that we're not really looking to any expanded way of looking at it this time. So that's all I can share at this time from HCC perspective. But maybe Chris you have...
Chris Boerner: Yes. So Yervoy for the quarter was flat relative to the same time last year and we did show sequential growth of around 9% versus the third quarter of 2019. And that growth was driven really by both the U.S. as well as in ex-U.S.. We saw a bit of an uptick in the use of Opdivo+Yervoy, really across multiple tumors and the remainder of the business where we have Opdivo+Yervoy in the market today, as well as the use of Yervoy as a monotherapy in a selected number of indications was relatively stable for the quarter. So what we're really starting to see is the increased use of Opdivo+Yervoy really spread across multiple tumors and that's happening both in the U.S. and to a lesser extent outside of the U.S.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Thank you Chris and thanks everyone. So before we close I would like to thank John Elicker for extraordinary leadership of IR over many, many years. Thank you John. Now in closing, we've had a very successful 2019 and I'm proud of the focus that our teams have had throughout a very, very busy year. We advanced our pipeline. We delivered strong commercial execution to make a difference in the lives of patients and we are very well positioned as we embark on our next chapter as a new company. Thanks everyone.
John Elicker: Thanks everybody for taking the time. As always if you have any follow-ups give us a call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2019 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
John Elicker: Thanks, Augusta, and good morning, everybody. We're here to discuss our Q3 earnings results. With me we have Giovanni Caforio, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer, who'll both have prepared remarks; Chris Boerner, Chief Commercialization Officer; and Dr. Samit Hirawat, Chief Medical Officer and Head of Drug Development will be here for Q&A as well.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to speak with you today about another great quarter in which we had strong operating performance, reported significant new data for our oncology franchise, and made important progress to close the pending acquisition of Celgene and integrate the two companies. Let me start with our oncology franchise and the recent results we announced for our lung cancer program. I believe we have an opportunity to play an important role in first-line lung cancer. We now have a second trial demonstrating an overall survival benefit for the combination of Opdivo+ low-dose Yervoy in first-line lung cancer population, regardless of PD-L1 status or histology. With the results of both CheckMate-9LA and 227 coupled with the strength of our commercial capability, I feel good about our ability to maximize the opportunity we see in the first-line lung cancer market. Let me quickly recap the findings from our two recent lung cancer studies. With CheckMate-227 we've learned that dual I-O offers a unique potential for long-term survival in first-line lung cancer. Physicians have told us that the depth and durability of response is important. And we saw a clear contribution of parts when comparing Opdivo+Yervoy to Opdivo monotherapy in PD-L1 expressors. We also saw that Opdivo+Yervoy has better overall survival outcomes than the PD-1 chemo combination in PD-L1 negative patients. As we described at ESMO in September, it is our view that the Dual I-O regimen will play a role in the treatment of first-line lung cancer and this is supported by the feedback we have received from physicians. We also know that due to rapidly progressing disease some first-line lung cancer patients need chemotherapy.
Charlie Bancroft: Thanks, Giovanni, and good morning, everyone. We had another good quarter with important pipeline developments, strong product performance and continued progress towards closing the Celgene acquisition.
John Elicker: Thanks, Charlie. And Augustus, we can got to the Q&A session now. And just as a reminder in addition to Giovanni and Charlie both Chris and Samit are here to answer any questions you might have. Augustus?
Operator: Thank you, sir.  Our first question will come from Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Thanks for taking my question. Just wondering, if it's reasonable to assume that the CheckMate-9LA data are stronger than the -227 data across both PD-L1 and PD-L1 negative patients given the trial unblinded on an interim analysis? And then wondering, if the plan is to file these data separately than 227? And then the second question, I had just relates to Opdivo for 2020. Last quarter, I think you said you're expecting some pressure next year. Just given the third quarter trends and the recent clinical data any updated thoughts you can share there on the outlook for growth? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. So, obviously as you know we're not going to comment on interaction with regulatory authorities or our regulatory strategy. As we did mention, we are planning obviously on sharing data from 9LA with health authorities around the world. Samit will give you a perspective on the results and the data and Chris will comment on Opdivo performance.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Giovanni. And just to reiterate, I think what Giovanni had already said in the beginning that we are truly happy with the results of 9LA and putting into perspective the two positive trials certainly bodes well for the combination of nivolumab plus ipilimumab. I think it's going to be very important to then look at the data when we are able to present it at future medical meeting to understand the outcome for patients in terms of the efficacy, when we combine two cycles of chemotherapy right upfront in combination with nivolumab as well as low-dose ipilimumab in terms of safety management and overall outcome and how the curve might be impacted. And if the early part of the curve can then be carried through to the rest of the curve. We obviously cannot compare and convey what the results are in terms of the comparison of 9LA versus 227. We can't comment on the biostatistical analysis plan itself. And as Giovanni said, we will not comment at this time about our regulatory strategy of filing. But let me pass it on to Charlie – to Chris for more comments.
Chris Boerner: Yeah. Thanks Terence. We're obviously from a commercial standpoint very pleased with the data that we saw in the front-line lung cancer over the last few weeks. Looking for – and we're also very much looking forward to the regulatory discussions that will take place and ultimately being able to commercialize in first-line lung. Given the competitive dynamics in the U.S. and the timing of those regulatory interactions, though we do still see Opdivo under pressure in 2020. However, as we've said consistently, the trajectory of growth beyond 2020 is going to be dependent upon new indications. And based on the data readouts, we've seen thus far and the continued very strong execution of our commercial teams, we feel pretty good about returning to growth in 2021. Now the shape of that growth will continue to be a function of additional data readouts in the metastatic setting. Those include 9ER in first-line renal CheckMate-648 in first-line esophageal and first-line gastric cancer from CheckMate-649. All of those will read out in 2020. And then, we also expect to see adjuvant programs to begin to read out in 2020-2021. And those as you know include bladder melanoma gastric and neoadjuvant lung cancer.
John Elicker: Thank you, Terrence. Can we go to the question please, Augustus.
Operator: Certainly. We'll go next to Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Just had a couple of – thanks for the question, guys. On the renal market, I just want to get a sense for what you guys are seeing first-line versus second-line trends just given the competitive dynamic during the quarter? And then just a follow-up on a prior comment from Chris just earlier, I know you guys have already offered a perspective on what to expect for 2020 I-O trends. But with the early interim look for 9LA and the 227 refiling, is it reasonable to assume a tick up let's say in the second half of 2020 as the first-line lung data are digested and rolled out in the marketplace? Thank you.
Chris Boerner: Yeah. So thanks Geoff. Let me just start with renal. Obviously we had competitive impact from I-O and TKI in the earlier part of this year, post the launch of those regimens in the first half of the year. However, what I would say is in first-line renal today, as we look at our on label population, our shares holding around 30% to 35% that's been relatively consistent frankly over the last number of months. The competitive share that we've seen I-O TKI take has mainly been coming as was mentioned earlier from TKI monotherapy. And we've actually seen growth in the I-O class share in first-line renal as a result of that. But as I said our shares holding in the 30% to 35% range and that's been stable really over the last number of months. With respect to second line our share, in second line is roughly 36%. We do see that decline in the eligible pool in second line as a result of first-line dynamics. But I think there's one thing to keep in mind in renal that's different from, for example, lung cancer at least as of to date and that is in the renal cell market while you see a decline. And eligibly in second line you also see Opdivo plus Yervoy playing a role in the first-line setting. And, obviously, at least right now that's not the case in non-small cell lung cancer. And then in respect to 2020 and 20 -- and growth for Opdivo beyond 2020, I think I would just refer back to the answer I gave to Terence's question. I think that we're going to have to see how the dynamics play out with respect to the timing of regulatory interactions. But I think right now, we still do see Opdivo under pressure for 2020. But as we get beyond 2020 and certainly into 2021 metastatic and adjuvant programs will read out and we very much continue to see Opdivo as a growth brand.
John Elicker: Thanks, Geoff. Augusta, can we go to the next question please.
Operator: Yes, sir. That will come from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks very much. Just coming back to Opdivo Yervoy in first-line lung, I realize you can't talk about the 9LA data at this point. But just maybe a bigger picture question. As you think about the role of chemo induction followed by dual I-O as compared to just Opdivo Yervoy alone strategy. At this point is there -- do you see one of those profiles really standing out relative to the other in terms of what's going to be optimal treatment profile for those agents in front-line lung? Just want to get just more, kind of, qualitative sense of is one really looking at like the front-runner versus the other? My second question was on leverage. I know there's been a few moving pieces over the course of this year with the OTEZLA sale et cetera, and you get the longer term leverage targets. But can you just talk about your expected leverage and debt profile as we look at 2020? Should we -- turning my hands on how quickly your balance sheet is going to be back at a point where we can think about the company looking to deploy capital again? Thanks so much.
Chris Boerner: Chris, maybe I'll take the first question and then I can turn it over to Charlie for your second question. The way we think about 9LA, frankly is very much in the context of 227. And as you recall from the conversation we had at ESMO, we see first-line lung cancer still as a market with significant unmet need. For example, the majority of patients treated with standard I-O plus chemotherapy are going to relapse within a year. And based on the conversations that we had with the physicians going into ESMO and certainly since ESMO, they see a few things. First, there's considerable need for additional options given the unmet need in first-line lung cancer. And second, they see opportunity for dual I-O therapy. They're impressed with the tail of the overall survival curve that they saw from 227, the complete response rates and importantly the duration of those responses they view is very compelling. And they see 227 is providing an important option with a manageable safety profile for patients who don't need or want chemotherapy. What 9LA does and the way we think about it is for patients who do require chemotherapy. The question really is whether a limited amount of chemotherapy in this case two cycles adds value to dual I-O therapy. Obviously we just got the top line data. We haven't gone through all the specifics, so we can't comment on that. However, what we can say is, we're very pleased that we have a second trial demonstrating an overall survival benefit for the combination of Opdivo and low dose Yervoy. And remember this was a study that was regardless of PD-L1 status or histology. And we do believe that 9LA and 227 coupled with the strength of our commercial organization gives us a real opportunity in first-line lung cancer and one that we can capitalize and we very much look forward to the opportunity to do so. And so with that, maybe I'll turn it over to Charlie.
Charlie Bancroft : Yeah. Thanks Chris for your question. As I talked about in my comments and we've talked about in the overall deal dynamics deleveraging and getting back our balance sheet flexibility is really important, although, as we've continued to mention during early stage deal is already included in our cash flow analysis. But let me just kind of walk you through the math. We have already taken out $19 billion in loans as you know. We've talked about that. Celgene has $20 billion in debt outstanding of 6. So at the end of 2019, we'll have as a combined company $45 billion in debt, which is significantly less than we originally considered given the OTEZLA sale and cash flow generation. As we exit 2020, we expect to be about 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA leverage.
John Elicker : Thanks for the questions, Chris. Augusta, can we go to next one please?
Operator: That will come from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. Staying with Opdivo. It's been my assumption, I think it is most analysts on the Street that Opdivo will remain in the second spot in the I-O space in terms of the league tables among competitors. Are you confident that Opdivo will remain the second biggest brand in that space over time? I look at a company like Roche for example. They've been knocking out trials consistently and you're really seeing an uptick in that program. And I'm wondering if you're confident that you can remain in the number two spot. Second question, going back to 9LA, do you think that you have to show a PFS benefit not only an OS benefit, which you've talked about, but a PFS benefit as well for that trial to be commercially meaningful?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you Tim. Let me just start and then I'll ask Chris to comment further. So, let me just say that we feel very good about where we are with Opdivo. The performance in the marketplace is quite strong. We've demonstrated our ability to maximize every opportunity we get. Now as I said, we have a real opportunity to play a role in first-line lung cancer with a differentiated regimen. It's the third time that we have an overall survival advantage for Opdivo plus Yervoy in the front-line setting in an important disease. That gives us confidence that as we think about the rest of our metastatic program that are really important studies that read out in the next 12 to 24 months. And then as we've said in the past, the next wave of growth for I-O in the adjuvant setting, I think Opdivo is very, very well positioned to compete there. Chris?
Chris Boerner: Yeah. So what I would say is that I mean I think Giovanni has really highlighted kind of how we think about Opdivo overall. And I think the only thing I would add to that is remember we have 19 separate indications. We continue to have an important and leading market share in the vast majority of indications in which we're promoting. So we feel pretty good about where Opdivo sits today as well as the growth opportunities in light of the -- not only results that we've seen in lung cancer, but also the opportunities that we have with additional data readouts into the metastatic setting as well as in the adjuvant setting. With respect to your question regarding 9LA and whether or not there's a specific target that we would have to hit with respect to the data that we see there to be competitive. Look, if you look across the range of studies that I've read out in first-line lung cancer not only from our studies, but also from Merck and Roche, and you look at all of the data that's read out across those studies, you see a fairly broad range in terms of the hazard ratios for OS, the hazard ratios for PFS as well as response rates and durability of response and that variability increases as you start looking within specific subsets. So we don't actually see a specific hurdle rate that we're going to have to overcome. What we think about in this market is really what physicians have played back to us. There's significant need in spite of all of those data readouts in first-line lung cancer. There is a role for dual I-O therapy to play in the setting based on the strength of the data that was presented with 227 and we are very much excited about the opportunity that 9LA play. As I mentioned earlier, 227 is for those patients who may not require chemotherapy. 9LA has a really important role to potentially pay for those patients who do. And given that along with the strength of our commercial and medical organizations, we're excited about the opportunity we have.
Samit Hirawat: And Chris, just -- this is Samit. And just to add a couple more points that 9LA if you remember, the primary endpoint in the trial is overall survival. Secondary endpoint does include PFS, response rate, duration of response, safety, et cetera. Second point is that, we started the study at the end of 2017 and the enrollment in 9LA finished only in the early part of this year. So from a follow-up perspective the duration is relatively short and so this data continue to evolve and mature. And as Chris has said earlier, we just saw the top line data at this time. And as more data is available and we dig deeper into it, we'll be able to comment more as we present the data some time next year.
John Elicker: Thanks for the questions, Tim. Can we take the next one please, Augusta.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim.
Seamus Fernandez: Thanks for the question. So one question just on from an investment perspective. As you think about the 9LA results, can you guys talk to us about the strategy going forward? Do you see more opportunities to invest behind triple regimens on a go-forward basis? Are there other tumor types beyond lung cancer, where you would see a similar type strategy worth investing behind or perhaps even see an opportunity to invest behind this combination in the adjuvant setting? Or should we think about it more as a dual I-O/I-O strategy similar to the trials that you started recently, competitively in the stage three setting? The second question is as we think about the opportunity Chris, across IBD and also some of the other inflammatory conditions, you're sort of exiting psoriasis because of the OTEZLA transaction. Can you just help us understand a little bit more the efforts that you're going through to kind of prepare to rebuild your presence not just in psoriasis but also in the IBD space as you think about ozanimod and the TYK2 assets coming on in 2020, 2021. Thanks.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you for the question. Let me just take it from the two questions that you've asked in terms of the nivo and also with the -- with chemotherapy. You will see that we have trials ongoing in the Phase III setting CheckMate-648 in the esophageal cancer and bladder cancer nivo-ipi and chemo and versus standard of care chemotherapy in gastric cancer mesothelioma hepatocellular carcinoma. All these data will continue to evolve in 2020, 2021 time frame. And then of course, we'll continue to look for additional opportunities where we can develop this combination going forward. We are quite confident because now that we are using in many of these trials in low-dose ipilimumab, we'll be able to manage safety as well and also the experience of the physicians will continue to grow. On your second question regarding the psoriasis space related to OTEZLA divestiture versus what we are doing in that space, we certainly are looking forward to quite excitedly to our TYK2 inhibitor. TYK2 as you know is differentiated from the JAK inhibitors which are not specific and through the inhibition of its activation domain has multiple downstream effects which leads to many of the side effects that we see. The TYK2 inhibitor that we have which is BMS-165 was very specifically designed to target the pseudokinase domain. What it does is that it interrupts the signaling of the IL-23, IL-12 and Type II interferon pathways. And therefore it's quite specific in terms of its efficacy as well as safety not causing the neutropenias or the dystrophy that have been seen. So we're looking towards the readout of the Phase III studies that are currently ongoing towards the end of 2020 and early 2021 as well as other indications where the Phase II studies are ongoing in psoriatic arthritis as well as in IBD. You already mentioned the Phase III program with ozanimod well in IBD. So we're looking forward to seeing that data as well towards 2020 end. But let me just pass on to Chris to add additional comment.
Chris Boerner: Yes. Let me just add a few things from a commercial standpoint. Obviously, the TYK program is very exciting. The initial indication as you know will be in psoriasis. That's a very large opportunity as you're aware, prevalence for psoriasis in the U.S. EU5 and Japan is on the order of 2.3 million patients. This is a big opportunity. And based on the data that we've seen coming out of the Phase II with a 75% response rate with the PASI 75 score, we think that TYK is going to play an important role for those patients who are looking for a biologic like efficacy but with the safety and convenience of an oral. And obviously, that's just the first opportunity that we have with TYK. IBD is a very large market, roughly $17 billion worldwide. There are about 1.5 million patients diagnosed with this disease. And as we've discussed previously, the vast majority of those still are not ultimately treated with systemic therapies because the lack of really efficacious and safe products. The way we look at this from a commercial standpoint in terms of building it out number one, we're building out obviously the ozanimod team working with our Celgene colleagues today. Obviously, there's an initial focus on MS, but we do have an eye towards the broader IBD opportunity. And remember, BMS has a history in immunology. So we know this space well and that's something that we'll obviously as we become a combined company bring to there. So I'm actually quite confident that we'll be in a position to capitalize on these opportunities.
John Elicker: Thanks, Seamus. Can we take the next question please.
Operator: That will come from Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve Scala: Thank you so much. Charlie, did you provide the key aspects of the combined P&L, because you think consensus is too high? I'm curious, why you did it now versus in the past or upon closing. Second, the raised full year EPS guidance implies Q4 will be down between 6% and 17%. That's striking because it's been a very good year. Why will Q4 EPS be down so precipitously? And then if I might quick for Sumit. You said, 9LA follow-up was relatively short. KEYNOTE-189 hit with a median of 10 to 11 months, should we assume something similar for 9LA? Thank you.
Charlie Bancroft: Yes. Thanks, Steve. So in regard to just giving some perspective on the combined P&L. There has been some analysts who weren't modeling, particularly as we think about stock-based compensation in particular. So we wanted to get to be a little bit more specific, how we're going to handle it in addition to how we think about the share count. So I think that's fair. In regard to the fourth quarter, there's a number of things at play. If you think of the sales related to the business as we've talked about before we sold the UPSA business in July. The ELIQUIS donut hole continues to get slightly larger, as we think about the fourth quarter. And we've talked about -- we've already talked on this call a little bit of the Opdivo flattening in -- as we got into the third and fourth quarter. That coupled with -- historically we always have more OpEx in the business as we -- in the fourth quarter.
Samit Hirawat: And in terms of the question around 9LA. Of course, we will not compare this trial at this time to any other including KEYNOTE-189. And we obviously cannot compare, how the results will be presented in terms of the comparison to what we have seen with KEYNOTE-189 at this time.
John Elicker: Thanks, Steve. Can we take the next question please.
Operator: That will come from Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question and I appreciate you bearing with me on this two questions. First, there's been confusion in the marketplace on your ongoing ELIQUIS patent litigation, specifically as it relates to whether the salt forms are appropriately tied in the written description of the patent or not. My question is given that there is MI on the chemical structure, isn't it fairly straightforward for a regular chemist to be able to make a salt form of ELIQUIS? And secondly, I want to touch up on the LAG-3 trial readout in melanoma for second half 2020. I realize this topic doesn't come up very much on the calls. My question is, I know there's a randomized Phase II and a Phase III component of this trial, has there been a readout of the randomized Phase II internally? And is there anything we can learn from that? Thank you very much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Umer. Let me just answer your question on the ELIQUIS pattern first. So a couple of things. First of all we feel very good about the IP position for ELIQUIS. You may remember there were about two dozen challenges to the IP of ELIQUIS over 20 generic companies have already settled with us and I think that speaks to the strength of our IP position. They are a small number of generic companies that are continuing to challenge the patent. There has been some news regarding the fact that there was an out of order witness that testified in the last couple of days. That was really a scheduling issue the trial really starts today. And I can just say we feel very good about the fact that we have a strong patent estate for ELIQUIS. Samit on...
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Giovanni. In terms of the LAG-3 trial as you know it is a trial looking at a combination of LAG-3 plus nivolumab versus nivolumab in the first-line metastatic setting for melanoma. It's a seamless Phase II/III study. So we have not seen the data. The trial continues to enroll patients in the study. And as you already pointed out our data will be available towards the end of 2020. So we'll be able to communicate at that time.
John Elicker: Thanks, Umer. Can we take the next question Augusta please.
Operator: That will come from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger: Yes. Thanks very much. So, I have a question about future trials. So 9LA was triple therapy including two cycles of chemo, but we had understood that Bristol was looking at chemo priming or sequential therapy with Opdivo and Yervoy following chemo. So could you remind us do you have any registrational trials that we should be watching in the future with chemo priming or sequential therapy? And then second, with respect to Opdivo's outlook for 2020, could you just please provide some color on how we should think about the momentum in the U.S. relative to ex-U.S.? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you for the question. Maybe, I can take the first one in terms of the future trials and how we think about I-O and the chemo and sequencing. At the current time, we don't have trials that are looking at the sequencing of chemotherapy followed by I-O or I-O followed by chemotherapy, as such. But certainly it's an idea that we may explore in the future with the new trials that we will be planning and looking at. And second and third generation I-O compounds yet to be developed in the future, but there are no registration trials that we have at this time that we're looking to this sequencing.
Chris Boerner: And, David, let me just comment on the Opdivo question. So with respect to U.S. versus ex-U.S, we continue to see opportunities to grow the business outside of the U.S. and that's based really on a couple of things. First, the strength of our business across our core tumors, renal melanoma and second line non-small cell lung cancer, as well as the timing of access in a number of countries ex-U.S. The U.S. is under pressure as we mentioned previously. And really, that's a function of primarily competitive dynamics across lung cancer, as well as, two other indications head, neck and small cell. And let me describe what that looks like. So, in all three of those cases, it's really a function of the decline in the eligible population in later lines where we have the bulk of our business today. We talked at length about the situation in second-line lung cancer with approvals of I-O agents in first-line, continuing to decrease the eligible pool in second line. That same dynamic has played out, or is playing out, in head and neck with competitor approvals earlier this year in first-line and in small cell with Roche's recent approval in a first-line setting. What I will note across all three of those, however, is that we continue to maintain a leading share in second line, albeit, within a declining eligible pool and are stable -- and our shares in head and neck and small cell in second and third line, in both of those indications we expect to be stable in next year. Again, it's a function of the declining eligible pool in those markets.
John Elicker: Thanks, Dave. And Augusta, so I guess, it looks like we only have one more question in the queue.
Operator: Yes. And that final question will come from Navin Jacob with UBS.
Navin Jacob: Hi, thanks so much for taking my question. Just on CheckMate 816 in the adjuvant lung study. I think the PCR endpoint is expected in the first half of 2020. I think you recently added Opdivo plus chemo arm in addition to Yervoy plus Opdivo arm. We just wanted to clarify if the time line is still first half 2020? And just wondering what we could learn from that as it relates to your adjuvant lung study. And if you could remind us when the adjuvant long study reads out please.
Samit Hirawat : Sure. I will take on that question. So thank you for that. Look certainly the nivo-ipi versus nivo plus chemo versus chemo are the three arms that are being investigated in that study. As you know at this time, we have a PCR endpoint, but from a regulatory perspective that is certainly something that we need to continue to discuss with the health authorities and how we will then be able to take that forward in terms of utilizing that data for the adjuvant setting and how we will utilize that data in terms of making future decisions. Adjuvant study as such also is a separate study looking at CheckMate 427 which is nivo versus observation and then there are other studies in the early stage lung cancer.  So at this time I think our only communication to you would be that the data does become available for PCR in 2020 and we'll continue to focus as we go forward in terms of looking at the data for the adjuvant trial from 816 as well.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Samit, and thanks, everyone. So, in closing, let me just reiterate this is an exciting time for Bristol-Myers Squibb. We delivered another strong quarter demonstrating our ability to execute on commercial priorities, advance our pipeline while we work to close the Celgene acquisition and plan for integration. I'm excited about the promise of our future and the opportunities we have ahead of us to help even more patients prevail over serious diseases. Thanks everyone for participating in the call and have a good day.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2019 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Elicker: Thanks, Orlando, and good morning everybody. We're here to discuss our second quarter earnings as well as the news that was press released last night. With me this morning, Giovanni and Charlie will prepared remarks. Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercial Officer will be here for Q&A, as well as Fouad Namouni, our Head of Oncology Development is here for Q&A as well.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to speak with you today about our strong performance in the second quarter and the progress we've made on our planned acquisition of Celgene. But, first, let me start by discussing the results we announced last night and frame what it means for Opdivo and how I think about our outlook going forward. With respect to 227 results, as you know, we announced important results last night. We had a successful outcome, but also a part of the trial that didn’t meet its endpoint. Starting with the results of Part 1a, this is the third major tumor in which Opdivo+Yervoy shows an overall survival benefit in the first-line setting. And we believe these results represent a potentially differentiated opportunity in first-line lung cancer. If approved, the combination would provide an additional and chemo-sparing treatment option for patients. And I have full confidence in my commercial team's ability to execute in this competitive marketplace. As we noted in the press release, we also saw in an exploratory analysis, an overall survival benefiting in PD-L1 negative patients. We’ll be sharing all the data at an upcoming medical meeting. So, I won't go into the specifics today. Now, turning to the results of Part 2. They were not what we had hoped for. There are, however, important aspects of the study results to keep in mind. First, we're looking at one-year landmark analysis. Opdivo plus chemo performed consistency with the experimental arms of other successful trials. The chemo control arm somewhat overperformed compared to what we regularly see. The performance of Opdivo was consistent with our expectations, but the trial was not positive.
Charlie Bancroft: Thanks, Giovanni, and good morning, everyone. Building on Giovanni's comments about Checkmate-227, I'll start by providing some additional color regarding dynamics in our I-O business during the quarter and how we think about it moving forward. In U.S., we continue to see strong share across indications including both metastatic and adjuvant melanoma, first-line renal cell and second-line lung. As expected, we also continue to see the size of the eligible pool of second-line lung patients decline, which has impacted demand sequentially.
John Elicker: Thanks, Charlie. Orlando, I think, we're ready to go ahead to the Q&A.
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you.  Our first question from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Tim Anderson: Hi. Thank you. First question is, results of 227, how do they influence, how you now look at the odds of success on Checkmate-9LA? Does that trial have CTLA component? I’m guessing you'd say the odds of success with that one have to be higher. Also, can I confirm that that trial stratifies by PD-L1 and not by TMB, which seem to make sense in light of the Part 1 findings. And the second question is on Part 1 itself. Just directionally, hoping you can see whether the magnitude of clinical benefit was the same in PD-L1 positive versus negative patients. It seems that across few different tumor types now, CTLA-4 combination may offer its greatest value in the PD-L1 negative segment where we know that PD-1s at least by themselves don’t really seem to work. Is that potentially where the best and easiest positioning of the combo would be?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. This is Giovanni. I'll ask Fouad to answer your two questions. I just want to start and reiterate how excited we are to have an opportunity to play in first-line lung cancer, which was what we now know with the results of Part 1a of 227 and particularly with Opdivo+Yervoy, which as you know we’ve been successful in establishing in two other tumor types, melanoma and renal. So, I think that's important news for us. And I'll ask Fouad to give you his perspective on 9LA and PD-1 expression.
Fouad Namouni: Thank you, Giovanni, and thank you, Tim, for the question. We are confident in 9LA. Let me remind us what 9LA is. 9LA is the combination of two active Checkpoint inhibitors, Yervoy and Opdivo in first-line lung cancer added to two cycles of chemotherapy where the goal is to really manage the early progressions but also create a load of new antigens that will continue to stimulate the immune system. So, we continue to be confident in 9LA in the way it is designed. For your other questions around Part 1, and in fact, this is third time we see Yervoy and Opdivo perform in terms of overall survival versus standard of care in first-line -- in a cancer and this time in first-line non-small cell lung cancer. I think, we have seen clinically a significant and meaningful overall survival of the combination in first-line lung cancer PD-1 positive. We have seen improvement in overall survival in the exploratory analysis of PD-L1 negative. Overall, I would say, Tim, we are seeing the same pattern for Yervoy and Opdivo that we have seen in other tumors, like melanoma and renal cell carcinoma.
Operator: Next, we’ll hear from Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim.
Seamus Fernandez: Thanks very much for the questions. Just a little surprised by the new process with the beep. So, just a couple of quick questions. First off, I was just hoping the team could comment on whatever is possible to comment on relative to the Senate bill at this point and kind of the relative exposure that Bristol has to U.S. spending alone and then prospectively in combination with Celgene, and just hoping to get a little bit of your thoughts on the Senate bill itself. And then, separately, just hoping to get a little bit of color on 227. More than anything, the question really is, when we see the data presented, both from the Part 2 and the Part 1a study, are we going to not only fully understand, but also will come away with Bristol proving that the benefits of adding Opdivo on top of chemo therapy having clear benefit also in non-squamous patient perhaps on PFS. And then in terms of Opdivo+Yervoy, are we likely to walk away with a clear view that not only is Opdivo a monotherapy showing improvements, but that Yervoy on top of that is additive?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Seamus. This is Giovanni. Let me start with your question on what's happening from a pricing and policy perspective. Obviously, as you’ve seen the environment is very fluid in Washington. I think, these are early days. And it’s difficult to point to specific outcomes of the dialogue that is happening in Congress. As you know, we’ve discussed for quite some time the perspective that I have that we're at the beginning of the period of change from a policy perspective. And from my point of view, I actually support discussion about change because I think it's important to address the affordability issues that patients have. Now, remember, those affordability issues are clearly primarily driven by benefit design and the very high out-of-pocket expense patients have because of the way insurance plans are designed, and some of the misaligned incentives in the system. And one of the things that I would like to say is that we are concerned with many of the proposals that we are seeing, including some of the proposals that are included in the Senate bill, because while they are very punitive in many ways for the industry and particularly for companies that are focused on innovation, they don’t really benefit many patients, they only benefit about 2% of patients in Medicare as currently grafted, and they don’t address some of the misaligned incentives in the system. So, I think, we’re all for change and we have proactively proposed policy solutions that address issues that are making it difficult for patients today. And I think what we've seen so far, doesn't address some of the big issues that we see in the marketplace. Now, as I said before, I think, it's important to remember, from the very beginning, I felt that it was important for us during the period of policy transitions and changes, to have a broader and more diversified portfolio that goes across multiple types of reimbursement with more growth opportunities into different diseases and more launch opportunities to accelerate really the lifecycle of the portfolio. And I think that's what the Celgene acquisition does for us. I think, it becomes even more important, given the uncertainty of these days and times to have a broader portfolio, to have a more diversified portfolio. And I think it's critical for us. And that's what we do through Celgene. Now, with respect to your question, going to the next level of detail, when we look at the impact of some of the measures that are being proposed, we can see, for example, that yes, there could be a potential impact for Revlimid. But, I would also remind you that some of those measures only would come into effect in 2022, when we would be really, I would say, at the end of the lifecycle of that asset. And also, there are other parts of our portfolio where there would be offsets going in the opposite direction. So, I think it's early to give you a definitive answer on what the impact would be. But, I think that given the broad portfolio we have, I think you would see ups and downs. And many of them, obviously, would be impacted by where every one of the products would be in their lifecycle. And again, Opdivo -- sorry, Revlimid would be towards the end of that cycle. Chris, do you have anything to add?
Chris Boerner: Yes. I mean, Seamus, let me just pick up where Giovanni left off. I think, you have a number of different proposals embedded within the Senate bill, there are a number of different additional steps that are going to be required before anything is enacted. And obviously, as you know, specifics matter here. What I would say is that, as Giovanni mentioned, having a more diversified portfolio is better. When you look at it on a product by product basis, obviously, the allocation of the business by payment mechanism is going to be important in determining the impact. What I will say is, from a BMS exposure, what we've said previously, I'll just remind you, is that looking across our business, we have about 24% of our business in Part B, about 26% in Part D, and relatively little Medicaid exposure. With respect to Celgene, remember, we’re two separate companies, so as for specifics, you would need to ask them. But multiple myeloma, for example, is primarily a disease of the elderly. So, we would skew a bit more towards the Medicare population.
Fouad Namouni: And Seamus, this is Fouad, for your second question around what we will see, what we will understand when we show the data from both Part 1 and more data from Part 2, will be the following. Let me start with Part 1. When we will show the data from Part 1, clearly, we will understand the performance of nivo and added benefit of Yervoy on top of nivo, very clearly. And we will understand also the overall pattern that we are seeing with immunotherapy combinations, like depth of response, rate of complete responder, the durability of response and the long-term survival. And I think these elements would be very clear when the data will be presented. For Part 2, in addition to what was reported in the press release today, what we will understand is one, the performance nivolumab plus chemotherapy versus other combination of PD-1 and PD-L1 agent in chemotherapy. Basically, I think, we will see that the performance of nivolumab in chemotherapy is very consistent with what we have seen with other PD-1s and PD-L1 agent combined with chemotherapy. I think, we would see that the chemotherapy comparator arm in Checkmate, which we said on Part 2, has outperformed what we would expect in the standard of care. Let me remind us that, what we know from the activity in standard of care in terms of median overall survival, the chemotherapy is between 13 to 14 months, and this is supported by real-world evidence. I think, the chemotherapy arm outperformed in 227, maybe underperformed in other studies. And I think, this is broadly what people will take when we go in depth into the data from Part 2.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Chris Schott with JP Morgan.
Chris Schott: Thanks very much. Just two questions on 227. I guess, first on the Part 1 study. I know, you can't go into specific numbers yet. But, do you feel you need to see an overall survival hazard ratio close to that seen with chemo Keynote-189 for this offering to be competitive, or should -- or are you more focused on those factors, like CR rates and depth of responses you think about what you need to be to find kind of role and a niche for that combo? My second question was on Part 2 and that stronger kind of control arm survival rate. Can you give us any color in terms of crossover rates in second-line -- to second-line I-O in Part 2, and was that meaningfully different than what we’ve seen with prior competitor studies? Thanks very much.
Chris Boerner: This is Chris. Maybe let me start and then I'll turn it over to Fouad. As we said previously, as you think about how physicians have conversations with patients, very rarely do they have a discussion around hazard ratios. And so, we believe, what is important and what we hear from customers is, how are patients performing over time, so that would imply landmarks are very important. And one of the key drivers for treatment choice in first-line lung cancer continues to be our product showing durable efficacy. And so, when you step back and you think about first-line lung cancer, despite all of the progress that we've made in that area over the last few years, we need to keep in mind that the majority of patients progress within one year. And in doing so, many of the spaces actually burn through two options, I-O and chemo. So, there is a need for more options that potentially spare patients from chemotherapy and have proven OS and durability benefit, and that's what we hear consistently with respect to how physicians are going to make choice in first-line lung cancer.
Fouad Namouni: And that with regards to the Part 2 crossover, to I-O therapy in the chemotherapy reference arm, we have seen a level of crossover, about a third of patients, which is consistent with many other trials. And we do not believe that the crossover is the reason explaining the output performance of our chemotherapy arm.
Operator: Next, we will hear from Navin Jacob with UBS.
Navin Jacob: I just wanted to understand the rationale behind the non-squamous as the primary endpoint for Part 2. The squamous data looked quite good in comparison to 407. And if you could, as it correlates to that, could to clarify if 9LA has a similar design as Part 1a where the primary endpoint is also specific to non-squamous…
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Navin, for your questions. So, first, the non-squamous and the primary endpoint, this is the largest population, this study. The squamous population is pretty really a small percentage of the first-line. Data available to us at the time showed, there is benefit, and most of the benefit we see in the non-squamous population. Therefore, the study was really designed to ask the non-squamous question. For 9LA, the study is designed to go to all commerce in terms of histology and biomarkers. And looking at the first-line population of patients is different where you combine both checkpoint inhibitor and diminishing the number of cycles of chemotherapy.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Maybe as you think about the outperformance of the chemo arm in Part 2 of Checkmate-227, can you help us think about your adjuvant program and maybe again any puts and takes there as you think about design or performance of those control arms and just confidence level in those trials, given that chemo outperformance that you saw in 227 Part 2? Thank you.
Fouad Namouni: So, in the adjuvant space, I think -- so first, we're very pleased to see our data in the first-line setting with Part 1a. And we believe the performance of immunotherapy in the adjuvant setting really will be good and makes us really confident in the adjuvant setting. In terms of standard of care, there were so many evolution and changes in the management patients in terms of supportive care and how we do it in the metastatic setting of lung cancer. There was not a lot of progress in the adjuvant setting in terms of standard of care and comparators. And we believe that our adjuvant and early program is pretty strong, and actually we have, as you probably have seen, started steady in this stage 3 setting of lung cancer of nivolumab and nivolumab plus Yervoy versus durvalumab and looking at overall survival in this population of patients.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve Scala: The Company seems to be suggesting that the tail of the Opdivo+Yervoy curve will impress in Part 1a when its presented, it has been mentioned two or three times on this call already. In Keynote-189, Keytruda plus chemo saw 69% of patients alive at 12 months. So, I’m interpreting Bristol's positive tone as Opdivo+Yervoy will show more than 69% of patients alive when Part 1a is presented. And I’m just wondering, would you suggest, I consider other interpretations of the Company's positive tone? So, that’s the first question.
Giovanni Caforio: Go ahead, Steve.
Steve Scala: Yes. The second question, is the Company dealing with crossover differently in 9LA than Checkmate-227? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. Steve, let me just start before Fouad answers your two questions, by saying, I think, we’ve really pointed to the types of benefits that I-O and plus I-O. And we’ve seen consistently in tumors where Opdivo+Yervoy has provided a benefit. The physicians really have valued deep responses, complete responses, the durability of responses, and as the follow-up of those studies has continued is when we really started to see the value of the trend. So, I think that's an important consideration. But, Fouad?
Fouad Namouni: I think, Giovanni summarized very well our observations on the lung cancer. I would just add, this is a pattern that we have seen in other -- two other major cancers, in melanoma and in renal cell. For the question on 9LA crossover, the crossover is not systematic in 9LA, it was not systematic in 227. So, patients, when they progress in the study on the chemotherapy arm, they will receive standard of care therapy by their physicians.
Chris Boerner: And this is Chris. Let me just jump in here and make a couple of comments. So, first, as I mentioned, there's still considerable unmet need in first-line lung cancer. And we think there's an important role that Opdivo+Yervoy has to play. And I think that as you begin to think through what that opportunity could look like, remember the experience that we've had without Opdivo and Yervoy in melanoma and renal cell which are the two diseases in which we've seen significant benefit there. And what we see with the regimen is significant responses, including impressive CR rates, you see durable responses, you do see a compelling overall survival benefit that has that characteristic plateau in the Kaplan-Meier curve, which appears to be somewhat differentiated from other mechanisms. And you see a side effect profile that has advantages relative to chemotherapy. So, we think there's an important role to play for dual I-O therapy without Opdivo+Yervoy in that setting. The other thing I would say is that when you look at Opdivo+Yervoy and the clinical trials also, we see in the market when we hear back from customers is, it's very consistent with their real world experience with the regimen. Why is that important? Well, first, that’s frequency, not the case with other modalities. And second, we have a strong base of Opdivo+Yervoy users across tumors. In fact, and when you look in lung cancer, of the highest prescribers in lung cancer, just over half of those physicians have used Opdivo+Yervoy in another tumor, notably melanoma and renal. And if you look at all of the targets in lung cancer, just over 30% have used Opdivo+Yervoy in other tumors. And those physicians account for about 45% of the total opportunity in lung cancer. And those are the very physicians who have made Opdivo+Yervoy a standard of care in those other tumors.
Operator: And next, we’ll hear from Matt Phipps from William Blair.
Matt Phipps: Thanks for taking my question. I guess, on the Part 1a or Part 1, you’ve now had Opdivo+Yervoy show improved survival, at least numerically in both the biomarker positive and biomarker negative population. So, how do you think about the totality of data when you're talking to these physicians and regulators as far as patient populations? And then, secondly, can you talk just generally about the potential for approval neoadjuvant lung cancer, based on pathological complete response rate?
Fouad Namouni: Matt, thank you for the question for Part 1a and Part 1. Overall, as we said, we have seen clear benefit, clinically meaningful and statistically significant of Yervoy+Opdivo in the primary end of the study, which is in PD-1 positive. We have also seen good survival benefits in the PD-L1 negative. I think, the totality of the data will be seen. We’re not going to comment on our interaction with health authorities. They will be happening in the next days and weeks. But, I think, we have seen benefit across the board in terms of biomarkers, in terms of the totality of the data. In terms of neoadjuvant, I think, major pathological responses in lung cancer has not been actually used historically as an approval and endpoint by the USFDA by our health authorities. On the other hand, it’s going to depend on how meaningful is the data. And when we see our data from study 186, we will be able to interact with authorities and see what will be the outcome of that.
Chris Boerner: And the only thing I would add to that is that, while obviously we’ll have to see how the discussions with regulators proceed, what I would say is, just consistent with what I've mentioned previously, we think A, there is opportunity in first-line lung cancer from an unmet need standpoint and we think that Opdivo+Yervoy has the opportunity to provide an important treatment option in PD-L1 patients across the full spectrum of PD-L1 patients, positive patients.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Jason Gerberry with Bank of America.
Jason Gerberry: Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to come back to comments about Opdivo in 2020 and just make sure I understand the moving parts, correctly. So, it sounds like, it’s flat or down year, driven by the drag on sales for lung cancer in 2020, presumably with like maybe flattish sales in renal with growth coming from melanoma and some of the other tumors. So, I just wanted to make sure, I sort of had a rough sense of how the moving parts will evolve before you get the lung expansion opportunity in 2021. And then, my second question, can you just elaborate a little bit more on FTC trends as it pertains to defining markets? And really what I'm getting at here is, whether or not your sales process could include companies that have meaningful share in the injectable space of moderate to severe psoriasis? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Jason. Let me ask Chris to give you some perspective on different dynamics impacting the Opdivo business today and into next year. And then, Charlie can comment on the FTC and where we stand, and what's the process there.
Chris Boerner: Yes. So, let me just start with, as we think about 2020, obviously performance in ‘19 becomes very relevant. So, where we are today, we continue to see strength in our core business. We continue to lead in virtually every tumor in which we are promoting. And as you think about our core tumors, the large tumors, first-line metastatic melanoma, second-line renal cell, second-line HCC, we continue to see I-O shares at or greater than 50%. And then, we've talked a lot about the two big growth drivers that we have for this year, which are notably first-line renal cell and adjuvant melanoma. And again, there, very happy with the continued performance of the teams. In first-line renal cell in the U.S., we are holding share at around 35%. Obviously, we have seen some impact of I-O plus TKI, mainly in the favorable patients less so in intermediate and poor, which is where we are indicated. And then, outside of the U.S., we’ve seen good uptake in key markets, notably Germany and Japan, where we have access and we expect additional access approvals later in the year. Similar story on the adjuvant melanoma side, U.S. shares still holding around 70%, in spite of competitive entries there, and outside of U.S. is still very early in terms of access. As we think about 2020, while we're very pleased with the results that we presented yesterday for Part 1a, given the competitive dynamics, the timing of data readouts, we do think there will be some pressure on Opdivo in 2020. But the growth picture becomes much clearer as you get into 2021. And exactly what that profile looks like is going to be informed obviously by the opportunities we see with 227. You will continue to see a stabilizing of the dynamics in second-line lung cancer, which is important. Just to remind you, we expect second-line lung in the U.S. to stabilize in terms of I-O eligible patients at the end of this year, little bit later as you get into ex-U.S. market. And then, clearly, we will be looking for some key study readouts that will inform that near-term growth picture, notably 9LA in lung cancer. We’ve got first line GBM, 9ER in first-line renal cell and then first-line studies in head and neck and esophageal. As you get later out, clearly, the adjuvant programs become important.
Charlie Bancroft: Yes. Just, Jason, in regard to your question on the FTC. We believe that the divestiture of OTEZLA will satisfy the FTC’s concerns and allow us to close the transaction on a timely basis. We won't have full clarity on who is an acceptable bidder until we present a draft sales agreement to the SEC. But had to had some preliminary perspective from the FTC. So, we feel directionally we have a good understanding. As I mentioned in my comments, based upon what we see today, we believe we will be able to run a robust process that will generate significant bidding interest.
Operator:  Next, we’ll hear from Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat: First, I want to touch upon a trial I feel like we haven't had much discussion on, which is your LAG-3 Phase 3 melanoma, which is due perhaps in the next 12 months or so as per ClinicalTrials at least. And my question is, we know it’s fully enrolled. And where is your expectation and how are you thinking about the trial? I also noticed it has a PFS primary endpoint, not an OS. So, I was curious to get your perspective on that. And then, secondly, it was helpful commentary on the market shares in various Opdivo indications. I was curious if you could give a bridge on a dollar basis on progression of sales from 1Q to 2Q, for Opdivo U.S. Thank you very much.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Why don’t we start with Fouad on the LAG-3 program. 
Fouad Namouni: Thank you, Umer for the question and the melanoma development -- LAG-3 is a Phase 2/3 study. Looking at the addition of LAG-3 to Opdivo -- comparing to Opdivo. I think as you mentioned, we will have in the next month the first readout from the Phase 2 part and we will see if we hit the threshold to move to the Phase 3 part, as we said earlier.
Chris Boerner: And then, let me just comment on Q2 dynamics. So, Q2 dynamics, Opdivo was down slightly about 1% in the U.S. And that’s really a function of a few things. First, we continue to see pressure in second-line lung cancer, due to the decline in the overall opportunity. That's what I referenced previously around the percent of I-O eligible patients. What I will say though is within the pool of I-O eligible patients, we continue to hold a market share for Opdivo of around 40%. We've also seen some competitive impact in tumors outside of any discussion around lung cancer, notably in first line renal cell, and I referenced those previously. Again, they’re in that market. I’m very proud that the team’s holding share of roughly 30% to 35%. And the impact really of I-O TKI has been confined to favorable patients. And where they have gotten additional uptake outside of those favorable patients, has mainly come at the expense of monotherapy TKI. And then, beyond that, I think we’ve spoken to what the near-term opportunity looks like for Opdivo. 
Operator: And next, we'll here from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger: Thanks very much. I just wanted to pivot to ask about the TYK2 development program. Could you just provide an update on key trial progress, and when you expect enrollment to complete, and when you expect to be able to share key results? Thank you. 
Giovanni Caforio: Sure, David. Good morning. This is Giovanni. So, as you will remember, we have two studies in our Phase 3 program for TYK2, and both studies are progressing rapidly through the enrollment period. And the design of those studies requires a one year treatment period. And so, we do expect to see data, one year after the completion of enrollment, which I expect to be sometime towards the end of next year, in that timeframe.
Chris Boerner: The only thing I would just add to that is we continue to be very excited about the profile of TYK2 and how it can play an important role in psoriasis. As you may recall, psoriasis is a debilitating disease, has very serious comorbidities, there's a considerable psychosocial cost associated with the disease. And based on what we've seen with TYK2, at least in the early days, we're seeing very good activity approaching biological efficacy with an easier mode of administration. So, we think it has an important role to potentially play in psoriasis. And from a commercial perspective, we're still very excited about the opportunity here.
John Elicker: Orlando, do we have any more questions?
Operator: And there are no further questions. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Elicker for additional or closing remarks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Thanks, everyone. In closing, this is an important time for us at Bristol-Myers Squibb. We've had another strong quarter demonstrating our ability to execute on many priorities. We delivered good financial results, driven by strong commercial execution. And going forward, we will continue to advance our pipeline and progress the integration planning with Celgene, including the divestiture of OTEZLA. The data that we announced in first-line lung cancer has really the potential to help us bring a new and an important option to more cancer patients who continue to have important unmet needs. Thanks everyone for participating in the call.
John Elicker: Thanks, everybody. Tim and I, as always, are available for follow-ups. I appreciate you joining the call this morning.
Operator: And this concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 12:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2019 First Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
John Elicker: Thank you Sandy, and good morning everybody, and thanks for joining the call to discuss our first quarter earnings. With me this morning is Giovanni Caforio, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercial Officer; and Tom Lynch, our Chief Scientific Officer. Giovanni and Charlie will have prepared remarks and Chris and Tom are available for Q&A. First, the Safe Harbor language. During the call, we'll make statements about company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in our SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. Today, we'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial metrics, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you John, and good morning everyone. I'm pleased to speak with you today about our strong performance in the first quarter and the progress we have made on our pending acquisition of Celgene. I am very proud of our team's focus and execution in the quarter to drive our business forward. Let me start with some highlights from the quarter and a brief discussion of our key growth franchises Opdivo and Eliquis. Our results this quarter were driven by strong commercial execution across the portfolio. Opdivo delivered a solid quarter and continues to perform well. As we look into the future, we recognize we are working in a very competitive space. However, we continue to see Opdivo as a growth franchise given the breadth and depth of our clinical program. Given the rapid update of new indications in I-O the growth of Opdivo going forward will be driven by new indications over time. Specifically, I think about our growth opportunities in three areas. First is the opportunity in adjuvant where we have a robust program beginning to read out in 2020. We've already seen the potential in adjuvant melanoma where treatment rates have gone from 20% to nearly 80%. The second area of opportunity is in the metastatic setting across a range of tumors, including upcoming readouts in renal and gastric cancers. And importantly, the third area is the near-term readouts in non-small cell lung cancer beginning this summer and into next year with 9LA.
Charlie Bancroft: Thanks Giovanni. Good morning everyone. As Giovanni said, this is another strong quarter for the company highlighted by continued growth across our portfolio of prioritized brands. Let's start with Opdivo. During the quarter, we saw good growth up 19% compared to last year. Let me take a few minutes to discuss what we're seeing in the business today and the dynamics in play going forward. Firstly, with respect to lung cancer. With our commercial team continuing to execute well, Opdivo remains the leading I-O agent in second-line lung in the U.S. Within this segment, as we've been describing, the size of the I-O-eligible population is declining and continues to erode in line with our expectations.
John Elicker: Thanks Charlie. And Sandy I think we're ready to go to questions.
Operator: Thank you.  We'll take the first question from Geoff Meacham at Barclays.
Geoff Meacham: Thanks so much for the question. Charlie just on the integration what you just mentioned there there's a lot to work on. There's a cadence of cost synergies from a facility perspective, but I also wanted to ask you just about the investments and the launches Luspatercept and Ozanimod coming from the Celgene side. And perhaps take two, maybe just give us some comfort in the level of investments that you need to make on the -- as an offset to the synergy. And then I wanted to also kind of dig into a little bit of the first-line lung commentary with respect to what you guys view as maybe a reimbursement maybe a shift in reimbursement or the comments I think that you guys made were that you're not seeing as much of a rollout due to first-line reimbursement access hurdles. Maybe just give us a little bit more color on that and what it means to second-line Opdivo adoption. Thank you.
Charlie Bancroft: Yes. So, Geoff maybe I can start just on your comments regarding synergy and value protection. As I mentioned in my comments, we're very focused on making sure that we ring-fence and protect the value drivers of both companies, BMS and Celgene, and we're very focused on the upcoming potential launches of both brands. And we've done I think a really good job of focusing on where we can drive value and not distract the organization from those launches. But from an investment standpoint, I don't think you would see much different anything than what Celgene would have done on a stand-alone basis.
Chris Boerner: So this is Chris, and Geoff I'll try to take the second part of your question regarding the first-line dynamics and the implications on second-line. So as expected we continue to see the launch of I-O agents in the first-line setting continuing to have an impact on the size of the I-O-eligible pull in the second-line. In the U.S. as we expected that's been a bit of a quicker decline in the second-line than what you will have seen outside of the U.S. So, for example, in the U.S. the use of I-O therapies in first-line is about 57%. Today we see that having an impact on the size of the eligible pull and second-line continuing pretty much in line with what our expectations have been. About one-third of patients in second-line today are chemo-experienced patients and thus would be eligible for I-O therapy. And again that's in line with the U.S. expectations. Outside of the U.S. because of the timing of first-line approvals for I-O agents and importantly how quickly those I-O agents then get access in reimbursement and thus drive utilization that's going to be a bit slower and we've seen that translate into continued fairly large pool of second-line patients who are eligible for I-O therapy outside of the U.S.
John Elicker: Sandy, can we go to the next question please?
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Schott at JPMorgan.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks very much. Just a couple of Opdivo questions here. Maybe the first set of questions just on the RCC market and a bit more color about how you're thinking about the competitive landscape shaping up here as we consider Opdivo, Yervoy versus the PD-1/TKI combinations. And the second part to that RCC question is on 9ER, did the time lines push out there? And are there any interims that we should be thinking about that could allow for an earlier stoppage? Final question was on Opdivo. Was -- just Giovanni maybe come back to some of those initial growth comments. At this point is adjuvant the larger of the opportunities relative to the remaining metastatic readouts? And in those adjuvants what are the ones you're most focused on or excited about? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio: Chris why don't you start?
Chris Boerner: So let me start, Chris. So we continue to see a very strong business in first-line renal cell both in the U.S. And while still early days, the early feedback ex U.S. has been very good. In the U.S. we grew Opdivo, Yervoy share in the first quarter to just over 40%. That's mainly as a result of growth in the PD-L1 negative. As I mentioned its early days outside of the U.S. but the feedback from early launch markets like Germany and France has been very good. We've actually obtained access in the U.K., Australia in Canada and we expect other key European markets to come on later this year. And interestingly we've seen very rapid uptake in Japan where share is over 30%. With respect to competition, look we've been preparing for the launch of I-O/TKI since last year. As we said repeatedly, we believe that the I-O/TKI combination is going to have an important role. There's certainly interest in this combination in the first-line setting and that's why we have our 9ER study. And undoubtedly that will put some pressure on Opdivo+Yervoy. However, we also believe and what we are hearing from customers is that Opdivo+Yervoy is going to continue to be a standard of care in the first-line setting and renal cell as a result of the depth of responses that we see, the durability of those responses and importantly the quality of life and safety profile that we've seen with Opdivo + low-dose Yervoy. The other thing that we're hearing as more of the data about Keytruda and Inlyta has come out from customers is that we really do need to unpack this data. We're talking about very different populations, so you can't really compare directly. About one-third of the patients in the Keytruda and Inlyta study were favorable patients. If you compare that to the extent of -- the extended follow-up that we've seen with CheckMate-214 Opdivo+Yervoy has about twice the number of the percentage of complete responses relative to Keytruda plus Inlyta and those responses are very durable. About 88% of the patients getting a CR in CheckMate-214 continue to benefit and we simply don't know the durability of the data yet for Keytruda plus Inlyta. So from a commercial standpoint, our focus very much is continuing to emphasize the value and long-term benefit of Opdivo+Yervoy to appropriately put the data in the space in context, and I have complete confidence in our team's ability to continue to compete in that space.
Tom Lynch: And Chris -- thank you. And Chris to address your two questions one on 9ER and then one on adjuvant. So with 9ER a couple of things about this study. This is our randomized trial looking at cabo plus nivo versus sunitinib setting and we expect that data to read out in early 2020. The reasons for the slight push out of the time lines are the fact that we -- I felt it was important to accrue patients in Asia and we had some Japan accrual. We've actually increased the accrual in that study to -- from about 500 to about 700. This gives us a little bit more optionality in terms of looking at overall survival as a potential secondary endpoint. But remember PFS remains the primary endpoint of that study. So we look forward to seeing that data in the early part of 2020. I think you've put in a really important point with adjuvant and I think one of the points that we have made consistently is the fact that we believe that the opportunity for I-O and adjuvant is extremely important. When you're thinking cancer in general, you think that while many drugs have made impact in metastatic disease real breakthroughs occur when you can prevent disease from coming back. And I think that's true with Herceptin. I think that's true with adjuvant chemotherapy. And I think it's clearly demonstrated in the melanoma space with Opdivo in that setting. So as you know we have nine adjuvant trials that will be reading out over the next three years in six important tumor types; melanoma, bladder, esophageal, renal, hepatoma, and the neoadjuvant study in lung. I'm always hesitant to say, which trials are you most excited about. I will say a couple of things about one or two of them. The first is in melanoma, we've seen that Opdivo and Yervoy has improved outcome compared to Opdivo alone. And so I personally am interested in seeing, does this translate into a difference in the adjuvant setting? So the melanoma trial, which we believe will read out in 2020, I think will be important to look at in that setting. I think the second place, obviously, is in renal cell. Opdivo, Yervoy has made a big difference in renal cell carcinoma. There really is no proven adjuvant therapy in renal cell carcinoma. This remains an important unmet medical need. Looking forward to see that. And then the final one I'll call out will be bladder non-muscle invasive -- muscle-invasive bladder cancer. Again an important area of unmet medical need an area where I think I-O is going to make a difference.
John Elicker: Thanks, Chris. Sandy, can we go to the next question please?
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Arfaei at BMO Capital Markets.
Alex Arfaei: Great, thank you. And congratulations for winning your shareholder support for the merger. A couple -- a little -- first one on the I-O franchise and specifically CheckMate-227 Part II. Can you give us your latest thinking there please? Frankly you have sounded someone cautious about this trial, which is puzzling for investors given the amount of information you have both from your trials and your competitors. Is there any reason we should tamper our expectations for this trial such as higher expected crossover or any other variable? Next on the merger. Celgene have provided their expectations for their big five assets by product. You have provided your estimates for an aggregate of six products including your TYK2. Can you please comment on whether you agree with Celgene's expectations for their big five assets as they have made them out by product? And if I could just speak one more in, could you give us the latest estimated sales of Opdivo by indication? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Alex. This is Giovanni. So let me just ask -- answer the first two questions and then I'll ask Chris to give you an update on Opdivo sales by indication. So with respect to -227 readouts, as we mentioned in our remarks, we expect Ia and II in the summer. There is really no update there and no news there from our perspective. Obviously as you said very important data readouts and we look forward to seeing that data. With respect to the Celgene, five launches as we've communicated extensively in the last few months, we provided an estimate of what we believe the peak sales for the six launches are in aggregate. Obviously as you know, we've included risk adjusted assumptions in our financials, but we wanted to provide that incremental disclosure as we were really discussing the value of the pipeline. As it relates to future guidance, we may provide for the combined company or individual assets we'll talk about that after we close the transaction.
Chris Boerner: Let me just hit on the allocation of business. In the U.S. lung is about 25%; melanoma is about 30%; renal is just over 20%; and all other indications are about 20% as well. The only comment I'd make outside of the U.S. is lung is about 45% and that just reflects the dynamics of lung being a bigger percentage in second-line just given the timing of indications.
John Elicker: Thanks, Alex. Sandy can we go to next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Anderson at Wolfe Research.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. A couple of questions. First one is kind of a higher level. So your stock has been in free fall for the last few weeks at least. In your opinion and based on your conversations with investors and analysts, why do you think this is happening? What are the biggest areas of concern that you hear about that you think are misplaced? That's the first question. Second question is Part 1 of -227 it actually has a monotherapy OPDIVO arm tucked within it. That tends to get overlooked. It's fairly large several hundred patients. I think it's around 400. It's not registrational, but it seems like there could still be a chance for the product to redeem itself in front-line lung as monotherapy following the spectacular failure of -026 back in August. So I'm guessing you'd say the odds are fairly high that we see good competitive results from this often-forgotten-about arm and recognizing it's not registrational. Can you comment?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, Tim. Let me ask -- let me address your first question and I'll ask Tom to give you his perspective on the second one. So with respect to interaction with shareholders, obviously as you can imagine, we are continuing to interact with all of our shareholders. We are strong believers in the value of the company that we are creating and the opportunity to deliver significant value for shareholders in the long term. So our focus right now is really on making sure that the integration is successful and that we deliver the full value of the combination. I think that's where we can make a big difference as a team and that's where our focus is right now. And as we've discussed in remarks I think we're making great progress already.
Tom Lynch: And Tim thank you for your question on lung cancer. I just want to sort of put in perspective the totality of what we're doing in lung cancer and we've said all along that we have multiple different approaches to non-small cell lung cancer. And you'll be seeing the results this summer of -227 Part 1 which will be coming out; Part 1a which will be reading out in terms of overall survival and a group of patients selected by PD-L1 status. And I think that data is going to be important for some reasons. You're correct in saying it will give us a look at the monotherapy arm, but it will also be able to allow us to understand better the overall data from TMB as well to get a sense of the interaction of the interplay of the biomarkers in trying to understand what's driving response in I-O, because I still think this remains a very important question. Now we'll also -- also this summer, we expect to see the results of Part 2 which is our chemo combo and then I want to also draw your attention to 9LA, which will be reading out in 2020. Again, two cycles of upfront chemotherapy followed by OPDIVO/YERVOY, which we think has the potential to establish a durability of response that we're looking for in that setting. So I think a number of very important readouts at lung cancer. And you absolutely point out that it'll be interesting to see how the monotherapy performs in that setting. We look forward to seeing all of this data.
Chris Boerner: The only other thing I would comment is that the use of monotherapy right now in the first-line setting tends to be dominated in the greater than 50% PD-L1 expression. That's almost entirely catered to monotherapy and the vast majority of the business outside of that setting has begun to evolve to a chemo combo.
John Elicker: Thanks, Tim. Sandy, can we go to next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Seamus Fernandez at Guggenheim.
Seamus Fernandez: Great. Thanks for the question. So just a couple here. Tom, you mentioned that the -9ER study the primary endpoint is progression-free survival, but the study has been pushed out to 2020 because of recruiting in some Asian markets. I'm just trying to kind of triangulate that and understand that better. It would seem like PFS would likely have the study finished sooner or at least at/or around the same time. So I'm just trying to get an understanding of did you guys alter the statistical analysis plan at all to ensure that you have overall survival as kind of part of the stopping rule? I'm just trying to get a better understanding of why this study would get pushed out if PFS is the primary endpoint as most of us understood it and then you're adding the Asian patients so -- in an event-driven study. And then the second question can you just maybe update us on your thoughts on what we might learn about the competitive landscape and how Bristol is positioned at ASCO this year. Obviously, we have the approval of Merck's label heading into ASCO. I'm just trying to get a better sense of the areas of focus that you're going to be bringing in your discussions with physicians from the data that you present there? Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Seamus, thank you. So let me just reiterate on -9ER and there's been no change to the statistical plan. And it's not a dramatic push-out of the readout data. It's just a slight push out of the day. One we increased the sample size to give us more optionality around a key secondary endpoint, which is overall survival in this setting and we think that that's going to be important. And then second is, it's important for our study to have global impact and global reach and we felt it was important to accrue sufficient number of patients in Japan to be able to address the needs of the Japanese market as well. So there's been no change in the statistical plan and we do believe that we will be well positioned to answer the important question to help us determine the role of OPDIVO and Cabo in that setting. Now regarding ASCO this year, as we've said a couple of times on this call, a number of our important readouts are actually happening this summer and it won't really be available in time for ASCO such as Part 1 and Part 2. Now we hope that many of those will be available including potentially even an update of our head and neck data at ESMO this year. I think we are very proud of some of the data we presented at ASCO, GU this year, which showed that OPDIVO/YERVOY had activity in patients with hormone refractory prostate cancer, particularly in a group of patients that had high TMB. Again, I think this is a good example of the productivity of our translational medicine group the fact that we're able to look at a group of patients with TMB defined by a different cut-off actually than the TMB that was used for lung cancer and find a really important group of patients who benefited from OPDIVO/YERVOY in that setting and that was at ASCO GU. Also at AACR, we reported data this year on some of the long-term benefit that we're seeing in patients with previously treated lung cancer. If you're a PD-L1 positive, a 19% four-year survival in second-line lung cancer, which is truly remarkable in that setting. So there'll be a lot of important data readouts and I think ESMO will be a good place to see some of the larger study again depending upon timing of data.
John Elicker: Thanks, Seamus. Sandy, can we go to next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Phipps at William Blair.
Matt Phipps: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So on OPDIVO, it looks like this is the second quarter in a row with a slight quarter-over-quarter decrease in U.S. sales I guess not -- unexpected with the second-line lung dynamics. But given that Keytruda approval in first-line RCC ahead of schedule, do you think that slight decrease in U.S. sales will continue? Or is there a chance for acceleration in the second half of the year? And then secondly, you mentioned 40% market share right now in first-line RCC I believe. Is that in the per label patient population of intermediate poor risk? Or is that across all first-line patients?
Chris Boerner: Thanks for the question. So let me just address OPDIVO growth. First, if you just put the OPDIVO story for the quarter in context it was a very good quarter. We saw strength really across all of our tumors outside of lung cancer. In fact, we estimate that sales in all tumors outside of non-small cell lung cancer grew quarter-over-quarter and that's really a function of the base business continuing to be strong. We still have leading shares in all of our promoted tumors. And as I mentioned, we're seeing growth as expected in first-line renal cell as well as adjuvant melanoma. So overall, you continue to see very good strength across the majority of our businesses. The headwinds that we saw in the first quarter really were very much focused on lung cancer. As expected, we continue to see pressure in the second-line setting due to the decrease in the eligible pool of patients I referenced previously. That's very much in line with the expectations, but does impact quarter-over-quarter growth. The second thing that we saw this quarter was we saw a decrease in OPDIVO monotherapy nonpromoted sales in the first-line setting. That had been running about 4% to 5% in the latter half of 2018. We saw that come down in the first quarter to about 1% and I would expect, it's going to stay in that range for the remainder of the year. And as we flash forward to the remainder of the year, I think that first and foremost we continue to see Opdivo growing globally year-over-year, but I think the dynamics that you saw in the first quarter are likely going to continue as we move forward through the remainder of the year. Just addressing the question in renal cell the 40% share the vast majority of that is in the intermediate and poor population. That is consistent with our label. We do see about 5% share in the favorable risk population, but that's relatively small in the grand scheme of things.
John Elicker: Thanks, Matt. Sandy, can we go to the next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Vamil Divan at Credit Suisse.
Vamil Divan: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question. So one just around sort of dynamics around drug pricing reform and a specific question really just to this concept of international reference pricing for Part B. I think when that was first proposed I don't think investors and maybe analysts wouldn't get too much credit for that actually becoming a reality, but if it feels like in our conversation that there's maybe a growing sense that that may actually become a reality. So I'm just wondering, if you can share your expectations on some degree of international reference pricing being implemented for Part B and how that might impact Opdivo and Yervoy specifically and just I guess Bristol overall. And then my second question is just on the following-up on the Part 1a and Part 2 comments you had made. I know you can't control the timing of these event-driven trials. But given that the data is coming a little bit later than expected does that in any way sort of raise the bar in terms of what you need to show given the uptake Merck is already seeing with – through the mono-therapy and combination therapies in frontline non-small cell? So just wondering, if you have to show even stronger data displaces at that point? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Vamil. This is Giovanni. Let me just start with the question about pricing. So first of all, let me say as I've said many times, I think that from my perspective we are entering a period in, which we have to expect that the discussion about pricing and reimbursement will continue. I personally feel that, it will be an evolution over time, and I do believe that the pressure to demonstrate value and the focus of payers on pricing and access will continue in the U.S. And in fact, as you may remember, I really believe that one of the important things for us to be doing is to continue to accelerate strengthening and broadening the pipeline adding more growth drivers for the company diversifying the portfolio with a larger number of assets and having a presence at the company that spans across multiple payer segments. I think these are all things that in an increasingly competitive market from a payer perspective, which is what we should be expecting, will position BMS much better as a broader innovation company after the transaction with Celgene is completed. With – now with respect to the IPI international referencing as you know we don't think that's a really good idea and we are really not supportive of that proposal. Because I think when you look at what is happening in many of the countries where they are included in that reference basket is that patients are not having access to new therapies, when you look at the approval of Opdivo and Yervoy in metastatic melanoma that's a transformational regimen as a standard of care in the U.S. It was approved in Europe in 2016, if I remember correctly. And I think in almost half of the markets included in the basket, it's not being reimbursed yet. I think the same is true for the adjuvant melanoma indication approved last year that are many of the markets that are included in the reference basket where that's not reimbursed yet. And almost half of the oncology products approved in the last few years are not reimbursed in those markets. So we are proponents of policies that enable stakeholders to continue to work together to address the issues of out-of-pocket exposure for patients and affordability and access, but in a way that continues to reinforce and reward innovation. And clearly, that's not what that proposal does. It's difficult for me to handicap the probability that a radical proposal like IPI has in truly moving forward. What I can tell you is that as an industry we are in discussions with the administration and we are supportive of policies that achieve some of the goals of out-of-pocket exposures for patients, but in a way that rewards innovation.
Chris Boerner: Let me just quickly comment on the first-line opportunity. Undoubtedly, the timing of Merck entering first-line vis-à-vis data readout from us is an important consideration. It does frame the competitive context into which we would be launching. What I would say though is that, front-line lung cancer is a very large opportunity. There is still room to play, as I mentioned earlier, only about just over half of different line opportunities currently being addressed through I-O therapy. I don't think we think about this in terms of needing to hit a particular hazard ratio. Physicians are still looking for multiple options to treat patients in this space. They're looking for chemo sparing options, which is obviously relevant potentially to Part 1a. And what I would say is that from a competitive standpoint we know this space well and we know how to compete and we're looking forward to seeing this data readout.
John Elicker: Thanks, Vamil. Can we go to the next question please, Sandy?
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Scala at Cowen.
Steve Scala: Thank you. It was said a couple of times that the CheckMate -227 readouts are due this summer. Previously the Opdivo plus Yervoy OS data was expected in the second quarter. And that was a push out from prior expectations, which at one point were late 2018. There appears to be obviously ongoing delays. Can you provide a range of possible reasons for the delays, which are now approaching over a year? There could be good reasons of course so maybe you can paint both sides. And then secondly not all KOLs are fans of the KEYNOTE-426 data in the first-line arena. Dr. Lynch, I'm wondering if you can point out some of the lingering uncertainties and questions on the data beyond what Chris already identified. Or in your eyes is KEYNOTE-426 a clear win? Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Steve, thank you. First on the first point, regarding the lung readouts. Just a couple of things. One is these are event-driven studies, and they're large trials. And the events happen when the events happen and I think it's really important not to read too much into event rates. Because event rates can slow down because things are going really well, or they can slow down just because of the way people were accrued to the different arms. So I don't read anything into the event rates, and I think the event rates are what they are. We'll see the data this summertime in that respect. I think the thing about renal cell carcinoma that I want to say, again, that I think is really important is that what you're looking at when you're comparing or looking at a regimen like Opdivo and Yervoy is looking at a regimen that's provided that we have excellence follow-up on now and we have a sense of what the duration of response and duration of benefit is, and that's something that's still a bit unknown with the TKI combination with Keytruda in that setting. And again, maybe fine, but it's unknown at this point. So you're comparing unknown very strong duration of benefit with one that we'll have to see how that data evolves. But although, as we pointed out we still also believe that the TKI plus PD-1 could be important. That's obviously why we have studied 9ER.
John Elicker: Thanks, Steve. Sandy, can we go to the next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Gerberry at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jason Gerberry: Good morning and thanks so much for taking my questions. I guess I just wanted to follow up on the comment about Opdivo remaining standard of care in renal. Is your thought that this would remain the dominant treatment option in poor to intermediate? Or do you think that it's more of a shared market between I-O/TKI and I-O/I-O? And then as we think about the evolving second-line market in renal do you think the field will evolve to either I-O/I-O followed by I-O/TKI or vice versa given the lack of second – approving second-line options behind an I-O therapy? Thanks.
Chris Boerner: Yeah. Both very good questions and I think that to a certain extent the answer is going to be these dynamics are going to have to play out in the marketplace over the coming months. What I would say with respect to OPDIVO plus YERVOY continuing to be a standard of care in the front-line setting is I very much think that it will be one of multiple modalities that are an option for first-line patients. I would suspect that, the initial use of I-O plus TKI will likely be in the favorable patients, where we are not indicated. But I think you're going to likely see physicians make choices about, which option is best for their patients. That then in turn will impact the second-line dynamics. You're correct in pointing out that you might continue to see the increasing use of combination therapy in the second-line space. We've begun to see an uptake in the use of OPDIVO plus YERVOY, for example, in second-line renal cell. It's about 20% now in the second-line setting. And so, I think, you're going to continue to see physicians start to think through if they use OPDIVO plus YERVOY in first-line, thinking about a combination with TKI in second-line and potentially vice versa. Those dynamics are going to play out in the coming months and we'll obviously need to stay connected on those as the data continue to evolve.
John Elicker: Thanks Jason. Can we go to next question please, Sandy?
Operator: The next question comes from Navin Jacob at UBS.
Navin Jacob: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe two for -- two -- one for Charlie. Charlie, can you remind us about your dividend policy post the deal close? How do you think about the dividend from perspective of a payout ratio will be? Will you be maintaining the ratio that you had for Bristol stand-alone, which I think was roughly 50%? Maybe a little bit above that for 2018. Is that how we think about it over the next few years? And then, a commercial question, if I may, for an upcoming trial that you have CheckMate 459 first-line HCC trial, which is interesting. How do we think about the size of HCC? Is that mostly ex-U.S. market, U.S. market? And are we talking about a $1 billion to $2 billion opportunity, or $3 billion to $5 billion? Any kind of color will be appreciated.
Charlie Bancroft: Hey, Navin, this is Charlie. So thanks for your question. On the dividend, as we discussed, and we said that we will continue to increase the dividend. We haven't said a specific payout ratio, as we haven't said with Bristol. Our payout ratio at one point was over 90%. And as we continue to grow our earnings, we were more in line, I would say, with our peers. So I think on a go-forward basis, it will be the nature of the business, where is our business at that moment in time, how are we going against the -- a number of fundamental factors. So we have -- like, we have in the past, we give our dividend policy once a year for the next immediate year.
Chris Boerner: Yes. And with respect to HCC, HCC is obviously a particularly attractive market. We see considerable use of OPDIVO today in the second-line space with about 53% share. We also have good use in the third-line setting with upwards of 45% share. In terms of the opportunity, I think, we're going to have to wait and see how the data pan out. And once we get that data we'll be able to provide a bit more clarity. But it's an attractive opportunity and we've seen I-O be very effective in the space.
John Elicker: Thanks Navin for the questions. Sandy, can we go to next question please? I think we have time for two more.
Operator: The next question comes from Umer Raffat at Evercore.
Umer Raffat: Hi. Thanks so much for taking our questions. First, we saw the Celgene settlement with Dr. Reddy's for the Canadian territory, not for the U.S. My question was, do you know if Reddy filed an amorphous form of Revlimid in Canada? That was the first. And the second is, on the TYK2 program, I feel like Street focus will inevitably shift to this next key trial coming up, the lupus trial next year. And I have noticed there's a very specific forced steroid taper being implemented in that trial. Can you give us a little more details on exactly how that taper works on steroid? I'm just trying to understand, how to think about the placebo arm in that trial. Thank you.
Charlie Bancroft: Yes. So let me speak first about Revlimid. There're different patent regimes in Canada and the U.S., so you can't really read across from one jurisdiction to the other. I don't know offhand, quite frankly, if Dr. Reddy's had filed the amorphous claim or not, so we'll have to get back to you on that.
Tom Lynch: And, Umer, regarding TYK2, I think you pointed out, this is a compound that we're extremely excited about. As you know, it's a drug which looks like it has activity both through the Type I interferons as well as the IL-12/IL-23 pathways. We were delighted to see the data that we saw in psoriasis and we look forward to seeing those Phase 3 trials continue to mature. We also think this is an agent that could have benefit in inflammatory bowel disease and we're beginning studies in inflammatory bowel disease in that setting. We do have a Phase 2 study in lupus, which is appearing. I think one thing to keep in mind with lupus is, how challenging of a disease lupus has been. And I think we saw that this year, with some notable shortcomings in other trials. It's a very difficult disease to treat. It's also a very heterogeneous disease in terms of what defines the disease and what drives the disease. And so the purpose of the steroid taper is to be able to have a more objective look at the potential for the benefit of TYK2 versus the potential for the benefit of the steroid interaction. So it's really trying to reduce the number of variables that are present in an inherently variable disease.
John Elicker: Thanks, Umer. Sandy, can we go to our last question please?
Operator: The last question comes from David Risinger at Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger: Great. Thanks very much. I have two questions for Tom please. First, could you guys talk a little bit about similarities and differences between Part 2 of 227 and 189 and talk about your placebo expectations? And then second, with respect to adjuvant trial readouts could you just go through a little bit more specifics on the potential for the timing of some of the other trials that you highlighted as most important? Thanks very much.
Tom Lynch: David, thank you and a couple of things to start off with Part 2. So Part 2 is -- I guess, the biggest difference is the histology. Part 2 is an all-commerce histology. 189 is a histology that's driven by nonsquamous cell. The interesting issue on the placebo arms we have noted for some time that the performance of the placebo arm at 189 was particularly poor, which I think led to a very extremely positive hazard ratio in that setting. I don't know what our placebo arm will -- how our placebo arm will perform in Part 2. Obviously, we look forward to seeing what that is and to seeing what benefit we can provide to patients in that setting. I do think it causes some caution then in looking at hazard ratios as a way of comparing across trials. One of the things I always like to think about when I think about what makes a trial effective or what makes a treatment effective is, really to look at landmark analysis, how many of the people you treated. And this is really the way that doctors think, how many of the patients you treated are -- have not progressed a year later or still alive, three and four years later. That's much more relevant. Patients never ask doctors what a hazard ratio is and what the hazard ratio will be with this given treatment. So I think that's something important to keep in mind when we look at the data from Part 2 and again when we look at the data from 9LA. Regarding the timing of readouts, I can give you some estimates at this point. Remember, we're pretty far away. These are event-driven, so I think you have to be a little bit cautious about putting too much into the specific time line. I mentioned the melanoma trial earlier that I was very excited about. We think that's going to read out second half of 2020. And -- but remember, that's a 2,000-person trial. So the readout could be quicker. It could be later. Again, event-driven trials. And in the adjuvant setting, the events obviously take longer to develop. In our Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer, that's also second half of 2020. In our renal cell trial that I mentioned, that's the second half of 2022, at that point. And I mentioned our hepatoma, we have -- in hepatoma we have a 500-person randomized adjuvant trial, which reads out in the first half of 2022. So that gives you the scale of what we're thinking about in terms of when these read out. But again, I ask you to exercise caution, because of the size of the trials and because of the variability in readouts in those settings.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Thank you, Tom. Thanks, everyone. In closing, this is a remarkable time for us at Bristol-Myers Squibb. We've had a strong quarter and importantly we've made progress with respect to the acquisition of Celgene. We've maintained a strong focus on executing our strategy and driving the business forward and I'm really confident in the company we are building and the opportunities that we have ahead. Thanks everyone for participating in the call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2018 Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Elicker: Thank you Greg [ph], and good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining the call today. We do have a lot to discuss including the quarter, our full year results, 2019 outlook as well as some additional perspectives on our announced acquisition of Celgene. We will be using a slide deck today, so we did email it to you about 15 minutes ago. The slides are also available on our website. Joining me today with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Chairman and CEO, Charlie Bankcroft, our CFO and Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercial Officer, Tom Lynch is our Chief Scientific Officer and will also be here for Q&A. You’ll see on slides two and three of today’s presentation our legal disclosures. And with that on slide four, I will turn it over to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you John and good morning everyone. I am proud to speak to you today about excellent results in 2018 and the exciting outlook for the company in 2019 and beyond. As John said, let’s start on slide four. Today, we will cover our 2018 financial results, the planned Celgene acquisition and how we are thinking about this in terms of the financials of the acquisition and the value we are creating for shareholders. Before we start, I’d like to address today’s announcement on our FDA application for Checkmate-227 in high TMB non-small cell lung cancer patients. As you saw in our press release, we have decided to voluntarily withdraw the application. This is because following recent discussions with the FDA, we believe it is important to further characterise the interaction between the two biomarkers of TMB and PD-L1 in these patients in order to understand their relevance to overall survival in this setting. To do this, we will need data from Part 1A of CheckMate-227 that will not be available during the review period for this application. I would like to emphasize that we continue to believe that TMB is scientifically important and we look forward to continuing to advance our research in this area. Turning now to slide five and our 2018 results. I could not be prouder of our very strong performance for the quarter, which wraps up a very good year for the company. This was driven by excellent commercial execution on our priority brands and disciplined expense management that has driven improvement in our operating margin. Commercial execution was strong across the portfolio with significant growth driven by our two key franchises, Opdivo and Eliquis. Our I-O franchise performed well throughout the year in highly competitive markets, and we have consistently demonstrated very strong launch capabilities. During 2018, we saw very significant growth coming from Adjuvant melanoma and First-Line RCC in the U.S. And we are now working through the launch process in Europe having received approval for First-Line RCC in that market. Charlie will talk more about Opdivo a little later, and I will tell you that based on this strong momentum in the 18 [ph] business we expect to see growth for Opdivo in the U.S. and internationally in 2019. Turning to Eliquis, we continue to see robust trends with Eliquis as the established number one NOAC globally and the number one OAC in the U.S. As I’ve said before, we see considerable room for the market to expand with continued increased adoption based on the superior profile in atrial fibrillation that has made it a leader to date. Eliquis will continue to be a strong growth franchise for our company in 2019. In addition to strong commercial performance, we have exercised disciplined expense management across our P&L, supporting significant earnings per share growth of 32%. Our focus on prioritizing investment in the most important opportunities will continue as we look to the planned integration of our company with Celgene. Our 2018 results and the approach that guided them provide a solid foundation for future success. You’ll see today that we have provided additional line item guidance that shows expectation of sales growth in 2019. As I look back at our company’s performance, I am pleased not just with our results from last year, but over the past several years. As I’ve said many times, I believe a key part of our success has been our ability to execute very well against a consistent strategy. Let me remind you of the key features of our strategy and explain why acquiring Celgene fits so well within that framework. Looking at Slide six, this is a slide you’re very familiar with, because it’s the strategy we’ve been executing for over 10 years. Central to our strategy is bringing together the best of biotech, namely innovation and agility with the best of pharma, the resources and scale to create a leading biopharma company. As I’ve said, this strategy has enabled us to be very successful over many years and has delivered strong performance. And I like to take a few minutes to explain what I mean by that. Now to Slide seven, an important component of our strategy has been to ensure that we are constantly operating ahead of the curve. We took a very focused approach to creating the company we are today with an unwavering focus on science and innovation. We exited primary care and focused on specialty care and unmet medical needs. We designed a strategy to externally source innovation, to build our priority therapeutic areas. Importantly, the actions we’ve taken have led to innovations that have helped transform diseases like atrial fibrillation, lung cancer, melanoma and RCC, and resulted in strong earnings growth. The innovation cycle that led us to Eliquis, Opdivo and Yervoy has delivered for patients, and at the same time has also delivered financially. We believe that now is the right time to move to the next exciting chapter of our company with the acquisition of Celgene. It allows us to become an even stronger company for the long term bringing a breath to our business while remaining focused in key therapeutic areas that we know very well. Slide eight is a slide you’ve seen before, when we announced the acquisition of Celgene in early January. It provides an overview of how I am thinking about the combined company we will create, and I would like to call out the highlights. We will create a top five immuno science and inflammation franchise, with Orencia and Otezlathe and two near-term product launches. We will have the number one oncology franchise with leadership in haematology and a pipeline that would sustain that leadership for the long term, along with a growing solid tumor franchise with Opdivo and Yervoy. We are doubling our Phase I and II pipeline for many more possible new medicines. And we will gain platforms and capabilities important for scientific leadership in the future. None of this would be possible without the people of BMS and Celgene. We are creating a science leader, a leading scientific and innovation based company that we believe will be a destination for talent moving forward. Moving on to Slide nine, I want to explain how I view this transaction from a financial perspective. As I’ve described to many of you over the past weeks, we see an opportunity to create value for shareholders from day one. Let me walk you through these key points. I believe, the combined company provides value to shareholders through a robust and complementary marketed medicines portfolio. The near-term launch of six new medicines, the doubling of our pipeline assets and the opportunities for synergies. The strong cash flow of the two companies would allow us to delever our balance sheet and strengthen our credit profile within two to three years, enabling a stronger balance sheet and increased flexibility. As we modelled the combined company, I see sales and earnings growth now through 2025. Overall, I believe that the combination of Bristol-Myers Squibb and Celgene will create a company that will be well-positioned for the second half of the next decade, better than each company alone. Now let me turn it over to Charlie to walk you through our financials in more detail.
Charles Bancroft: Thank you Giovanni and good morning everyone. Let’s turn to Slide 10. We believe this transaction will bring significant financial benefits to shareholders of both companies with three defined sources of value. First is the value from the in-line portfolio of marketed products. This includes Revlimid which I know many of you have questions that I’ll try to address in upcoming slides. The second source of value are the cost synergies of approximately two and a half billion that can only be achieved by combining the operations of the two great companies. These two sources in total are substantial when you consider the transaction in aggregate. Lastly, we see significant opportunity in the Celgene pipeline, which includes five phase III assets, which are positioned to launch in the next 12 to 24 months, and a significant number of assets that are in phase I and II that will bolster our existing pipeline in oncology and INI as well as complementary platforms such as cell therapy and protein homeostasis. Turning to Slide 11, when you look at the combined company on a pro forma basis, we see a stronger, more diversified set of opportunities that will enable us to drive growth, both on the top, and bottom line through 2025. We see complementarity in the combined portfolio with near-term growth, driven mainly by the Celgene assets and subsequent growth driven mainly by BMS assets, particularly from I-O. This speaks to the strength of our in-line businesses, the short term growth potential from launches of new medicines, together with lifecycle opportunities from our I-O portfolio and a stronger late stage pipeline. The combination results in a much more balanced company, better positioned for the latter end of the next decade. As we move to slide 12, the combined company will generate substantial cash flow that will allow us to reduce debt to quickly delever our balance sheet and strengthen our credit profile, while always subject to board approval, we have modelled continued dividend increases as well. So when I step back and think about the broad financial benefits of this transaction, I see a definitive path for value creation. The company that has significant growth potential over multiple periods and in a few years a reset balance sheet that allows us to complement our stronger internal R&D efforts, with a continued sourcing of external innovation from business development. Quickly on Slide 13, we’ve outlined a few assumptions in our models with respect to Revlimid and how we accounted for the pipeline assets. From an accounting perspective, we will include the Celgene stock based compensation in our non-GAAP P&L. Now let me spend a minute discussing how we think about Revlimid and the outlook of our I-O franchise, since I know many of you had questions on each of those. Turning to Revlimid on slide 14. It’s important to know that we performed extensive due diligence on the Revlimid IP situation, both independently and as part of the diligence process with Celgene. We also had the opportunity to review confidentially the Celgene Nacho settlement and its impact on various litigation outcomes. With that in mind, we considered two bookend scenarios for Revlimid, one in which there is an early at risk launch, and another that is reflective of sell side consensus representing gradual erosion starting in 2022. We believe both of these scenarios have a very low probability. In between these bookends, our several other litigation outcomes or potential settlements that could play out and in our view each are likely to have somewhat comparable implications on the Revlimid revenues in the near-term. Our analysis assumes a more conservative approach than sell side consensus and results in lower sales between 2022 and 2026. Through any of these scenarios we see the combined company generating significant cash flows that will enable us to delever while delivering returns for our shareholders. Now moving beyond Revlimid and the combination with Celgene, let me turn to page 15 and our I-O business going forward. As we think about the combined business, we continue to see Opdivo as a key growth pillar. But let me take a few minutes to lay out the opportunities ahead of us. We’ve demonstrated excellent launch execution and have driven growth through a broad set of new indications. Two launches that exemplify this high level of performance, our Adjuvant Melanoma and First-Line RCC in the U.S. Even with today’s announcement, we still see Opdivo growing in the U.S. this year as our teams are well resourced to drive performance across key indications. As we think about our ex-U.S. business, while the dynamics are a bit different, we see growth there given the new launches in Adjuvant Melanoma and first-line renal. Turning to the long term growth outlook for I-O, as I mentioned, for our clinical stage opportunities, we risk adjust the revenue potential. Given the breadth of opportunities, you can see on this slide, we see significant growth potential for Opdivo with the growth trajectory be determined by the cadence of new indications. Naturally for 2020, the growth outlook will depend on the data we see this year in lung and in other tumors. Now I’m going to hand it over to Chris who will share his view on this six phase III assets that we’ll be launching over the next few years.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Charlie. Turning to Slide 16. You’ve seen this slide before. It shows how the combination of BMS and Celgene will create an exciting industry leading, late stage pipeline, including six near-term launch opportunities with more than $15 billion in non-risk adjusted revenue potential. Three of these products are substantially de-risked, because the pivotal data are known or regulatory filings are well advanced, and the majority of these products are either first or best-in-class providing a meaningful opportunity to help patients across a number of disease areas. To put this potential set of launches into context, I want to provide you with some background as to why we are excited by them and why they give us the basis for sustained leadership in key therapeutic areas moving forward. In INI we will be moving from being two companies each with a single product to one INI franchise delivering Orencia and Otezla right away with the potential of adding ozanimod and TYK2 in the near future. And in haematology, we see for assets that form the first step to building on the current capabilities that Celgene brings with this Revlimid business today to establishing sustained leadership in this space. We view these near-term launches as exciting opportunities and key drivers of value in the combined company. And I’d like to take a few minutes to walk through these six up upcoming launches in more detail. Let me start with Luspatercept on slide 17. A very exciting compound from our perspective which is a potential first-in-class Erythroid Maturation Agent to address chronic anemias. As you may know, chronic anemias present a serious, unmet medical need across various indications and Luspatercept is a compelling new mechanism for treating these patients. The data presented at ASH have demonstrated that Luspatercept provides very good efficacy in MDS patients that have failed EPO as well as beta-thalassemia. These are populations with very few treatment options today beyond often chronic blood transfusions and these data are expected to be filed with the FDA soon. Beyond these indications, important lifecycle management trials are already underway including in the much larger first line in the U.S. population where Luspatercept will be tested head-to-head versus EPO. Finally, based on the mechanism, we believe there is potential for this medicine in other indications involving ineffective erythropoiesis. Turning to Slide 18, Fedratinib is a second important near-term launch. This asset has potential to establish a position for the company in myelofibrosis most likely in the population of patients that are intolerant to, or refractory to Jakafi. As you can see on the slide, many patients are either not well controlled or resistant to Jakafi. For these patients, there are limited treatment options. Fedratinib has demonstrated strong efficacy in these patients, including splenic volume reduction and improvement in symptoms. As you know, Celgene has already confirmed that the NDA for Fedratinib has been recently submitted to the FDA. On slide 19, the CAR-T Platform for Celgene has built – Celgene has built is an important and differentiated capability driving value for the combined company. We view CAR-T as a very exciting opportunity for our oncology franchise, given the unprecedented efficacy data that has been demonstrated with this modality. In order to unlock the commercial potential of this platform, we believe there are a number of conditions necessary and we feel good that we will satisfy them. First, the specific products need to be differentiated, and I’ll explain in a moment what we see as the advantages of liso-cell and bb2121. Second, we need to have an access in reimbursement infrastructure that is appropriate for this modality. With that in mind, we feel that we have a leading capability and value and access of BMS particularly within the oncology space and this capability would be critical in shaping and navigating access for these platforms. Third, we need to see these products being used by more physicians to benefit more patients. This will require the right products from a safety perspective and leveraging Celgene’s leading capabilities in haematology commercialization. And finally, we need to move these products beyond the current very late line settings where they are used today to earlier lines of treatment. And we see that there are already trials underway to make this happen. Taken together the capabilities of the combined company will be primed to commercialize these differentiated products successfully. With that in mind, let me discuss how we see the positioning of the two lead CAR-T assets. Turning to Slide 20, Liso-cell is a CAR-T asset which has the potential to be the best-in-class anti-CD19 CAR-T for B cell malignancies. We believe this product will be differentiated in the marketplace with efficacy at least as good if not better than KYMRIAH and the YESCARTA in heavily pre-treated DLBCL. Importantly, the rates of cytokine release syndrome are far lower for liso-cell compared to the currently marketed CAR-Ts. We believe this safety advantage is differentiated and potentially enables an expansion in both the treating physician base and the patients considered eligible for CAR-T therapy. Liso-cell is currently in development for earlier lines of DLBCL as well as for potential use in ALL and CLL. Now looking at slide 21, bb2121 also has the potential for transformative efficacy as a first-in-class and best-in-class BCMA CAR-T for the treatment of refractory multiple myeloma. Looking at the efficacy data, on the left side of the slide, and acknowledging that this dataset is from a small study, it’s clear that the depth and rate of response with this technology against this target is compelling compared to current treatments. With patients in this setting historically having very few realistic treatment options, we believe these data are very exciting and we are looking forward to a potential filing early next year. As I also mentioned you can see on the right side, trials are already underway to move into earlier lines of treatment. We see this as a very important potential option for multiple myeloma patients, a market that Celgene knows very well. I’ll move to INI on slide 22 with Ozanimod, a therapy that has the potential to play an important role in two very large markets. Ozanimod’s initial indication will be in relapsing and remitting MS as the first selective S1P. Here it has the potential to play a role as a safer option than either or the two leading currently marketed world therapies. We expect that the resubmission is on track for later this quarter as Celgene has said, with the potential for a launch next year. Beyond MS Ozanimod is also being developed an inflammatory bowel disease and even more commercially interesting market given the treatment options at launch, will likely include biologics, and JAK inhibitors. Based on the Phase II data so far, we see this mechanism as having potential in IBD and the Phase III trials are already underway. Commercially, Ozanimod could have a competitive advantage with the potential to offer an effective option for patients seeking an oral therapy that doesn’t come with the safety concerns of a JAK inhibitor. I’ll now turn to TYK2 on slide 23, an important agent that has demonstrated a biologic-like efficacy in Psoriasis with upside potential to address multiple autoimmune diseases. Here, you see the data published in The New England Journal in September. The data are strong, and Phase III trials for Psoriasis are on-going with proof-of-concept studies underway in Crohn’s and Lupus. We’re planning additional Phase II trials that will allow us to determine future registrational programs. In the meantime, we believe, we have a very compelling opportunity in Psoriasis as we believe the existing dermatology capabilities that Celgene has established with Otezla will be beneficial in ensuring a successful launch of TKY2 in this market following completion of Phase III trials. Stepping back, I’m very enthusiastic about the breadth of launch opportunities we expect as a combined company. Our commercial organization has clearly demonstrated that we can launch very effectively, and together with the assets, capabilities, and talent that Celgene brings to the table, we are well-positioned to deliver some very exciting opportunities for the combined company. With that, I’ll turn it back to Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Now turning to Slide 24, as I looked at what we are creating for the short and long term for 2025 and beyond, I feel really good. We’ve discussed in detail why the transaction makes financial sense. We talked about six near-term launches and as you know we’re also strengthening our early stage pipeline and platforms. This is a transaction that allows us to stay ahead of the curve and provide value for the long term. When I look ahead to the future, I feel very good about the position of the company. We will have a younger portfolio of market and medicines providing a more balanced payor mix, supporting a stronger reimbursement position for our medicines. These in an access and reimbursement environment that we believe will continue to evolve over the coming years. Our early pipeline will have mature giving us a diversified portfolio of late stage assets providing the next set of registrational opportunities. We’ll have a strong balance sheet with continued flexibility to invest in innovation. We would be in a strong position with a broad portfolio and deep pipeline and significant financial flexibility. I’m confidence in the company we are building and the opportunities ahead. Now, I'll turn it back to John to start the Q&A.
John Elicker: Thanks, Giovanni. Grey, I think we’re ready to go to the Q&A session with Giovanni, Charlie and Chris as well as Tom here for Q&A as well. So, Grey.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll now take our first question from Alex Arfaei of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Arfaei: Great. Thank you very much and thank you for the additional color. First question for Giovanni or Charlie, as you mentioned the combined company with Celgene should generate significant cash flow. I appreciate the general comments you made about the dividend increase. But as you look at some of your payers and your current payout ratio would you be able to I guess provide additional color. Would the payout ratio that you would expect for the combined company given the earnings accretion be similar to what you have right now? And as a follow-up could you comment on your Opdivo lifecycle planning, specifically what’s the development or what is latest on the development of subcutaneous Opdivo with your collaboration with Halozyme? And could that be used to extend the Opdivo patent life beyond 2028? Thank you very much.
Charles Bancroft: Yes. Thanks. This is Charlie. In regard to your first part of your question, as I mentioned in my comments we have model dividend increases throughout the planning period always subject to Board approval of course. I don't want to comment on the payout ratio at this particular time because as you know we don't do it based on any one particular year. We look at it over the longer term, but needless to say, we did model increases.
Christopher Boerner: Thank you, Alex. Regarding the product formulation, from an R&D standpoint we think it's very important to be able to create products that can be used in a variety of settings. And our relationship with Halozyme as you point out we think offers a very important opportunity for Opdivo, Opdivo, Yervoy and up to six to eight additional IO targets to be looked at in formulations that could be given subcutaneously. We think in many markets around the world and many places in the United States the ability to give a subcutaneous treatment with an IO agent or IO combination even offers a very distinct advantage. So we think that there's a lot of promise there. The implications of that on the IP, I think we have to defer that, to see how that topic evolves with time.
John Elicker: Grey, can we go to the next question please.
Operator: We’ll now take our next question from Seamus Fernandez of Guggenheim.
Seamus Fernandez: Great. Thank so much for the questions, so just two quick ones. The first one in the past Tom, you’ve given us information with regard to whether or not interim looks have been passed in particular trials. I think we have passed that in Part 1a. So Part 2 for OpdivoPlus Chemo we know is on-going is expected to finish midyear this year. Can you just tell us whether or not the interim look has been passed or not at this point? And then the second question, can you guys give us a little bit of a better sense as we think about products like bb21 and liso-cell, one of the key feedback areas that we get is the challenges that hospitals are facing when delivering in CAR-T therapy and the issue around hospitalization and the costs associated with it. So, it's not profitable today for hospitals to be able to do this. In fact they’re losing quite a bit of money. Just wondering how you guys see that dynamic evolving as you seek to launch both of these products in the next couple of years assuming the Celgene acquisition closes? Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio: Seamus, thank you. This is Giovanni. I’ll start and then I’ll ask Chris to comment on the CAR-T question you had. There is no news with respect to the rest of our first line lung cancer program. We’re not commenting on interim analysis.
Christopher Boerner: Yes. So, thanks for the question, Seamus. Let me talk a little bit about how we see CAR-T evolving and the important role that the two agents we talked about will play in terms of potentially expanding the opportunity for CAR-Ts generally. You’re absolutely correct that existing CAR-T therapies have struggled a bit both with respect to logistics in the hospital as well as with respect to access in large part because of the profile of these drugs. As you know existing CAR-Ts are administered in the hospital setting. Today patients must remain in the hospital often in the ICU for treatment as well as monitoring. And one of the things that we find really exciting about particularly an asset like liso-cell is that with no significant Grade 3, 4 toxicities with the CRS rate that significantly lower than both KYMRIAH and YESCARTA around 1%, patients could potentially be monitored in the outpatient setting, and that actually bridges to your question about access. Because these patients have had to be managed in the inpatient setting the cost associated with CAR-T therapy has been very substantial above and beyond the list price of the drugs. You’ve seen some improvements in access and reimbursement for these agents over time. About two-thirds of commercial patients payers are now have put in place policies that cover these therapies. That said, anything you could do to potentially move these agents into an outpatient setting would do a number of things. Would bring the overall cost of these therapies down, it would increase the value of these assets. And importantly as I mentioned in the prepared remarks it would be an opportunity to expand the physician base who are using these agents outside of a large academic centers to potentially community centers and then ultimately expand the patient pool considered eligible for these therapies, and that's a potentially important opportunity that we see with the differentiated profile particularly of liso-cell.
John Elicke: Thanks Seamus for the questions. Grey, can we go to the next one please.
Operator: Thank you. We can now take our next question from Tim Anderson of Wolfe Research.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. Couple of questions. I realize this will be a difficult question to answer, but many have wondered if Bristol's buying Celgene is an attempt by you to prevent another company from potentially acquiring Bristol. So my simple question here is whether this played any role whatsoever in your decision to acquire Celgene? Second question, you sit in front of three sets of results in non-small cell lung with Opdivo, Part 1 or Part 2 and 9LA. Can you tell us which one of those you have the greatest confidence in and which ones you have the least confidence in? My guess is you would probably rank order those. Part 2 is being most likely to hit, 9LA would probably be beneath that and Part 1 is probably at the bottom. If you only hit Part 2, would you be willing to say that Opdivo will grow in 2020?
Giovanni Caforio: Tim, thank you. Let me just try to address both questions. To your first question, I hope that through many of the discussions we’ve had since the announcement and clearly today we been able to communicate a strong strategic rationale of the combination and the value it generates for shareholders and patients. So I -- my answer is we are creating a great company with complementary franchises of marketed products, an opportunity to launch six new products in the next 24 months and doubling the size of our early pipeline in therapeutic areas we know well. We’re really excited about the strategic and financial value of the transaction. With respect to your second question, my perspective is that as we’ve said many times we have multiple opportunities to play a role in lung cancer. I think we need to see the data readout to understand the data. And as you mentioned Study 1a, Part 2 and 9LA are all important components of our lung cancer program. We’ve communicated before our expectations with respect to the timing of those programs and there is really no change there. But more importantly as Charlie mentioned when we think about the Opdivo business this is a growing franchise. And you've seen on one of the slides we presented today, the breadth of opportunities that we have over the next few years with over 20 registrational trials ongoing. There are clearly a number of opportunities in lung cancer this year. We have an exciting and very broad adjuvant program to drive growth in the medium and the long term. And I would say that with any franchise the growth expectations in the short-term depend on the data readouts that are coming in the next few months and that's true for us as well. But my confidence is that this is a growing franchise with multiple opportunities for growth and this is what we've modeled as we thought about the total company.
John Elicke: Thanks for the questions Tim. Grey, can we go to the next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We can now take our next question from Chris Schott of JPMorgan.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks very much for questions and for additional color on the call. I guess my first question was just going back to slide 11 and that pro forma look at the company, I guess investor are trying to get their hands on the growth of the non-Revlimid portion of the pro forma company. Is there any color you can provide as we look out to 2025, what percent of that pro forma company sales and net income is coming from the non-Revlimid business, so just kind of think about the growth of that piece of the business separated from Revlimid? My second question was then coming back to the Revlimid assumption. I think you mentioned that Revlimid is modeled more conservatively relative to consensus. Is there any more color you can give on those assumptions, I guess specifically how much of a delta versus the street are you thinking about? And is that delta particularly pronounced in certain years over the planning period relative to the other years in that planning period? Thanks so much.
Charles Bancroft: All right, Chris thanks for your questions. I think that we probably can get more too much more color on. I think as it relates to 2025 in particular regarding your question on split between Revlimid and non-Revlimid. We don't go that far out as we talk about [Indiscernible]. I think what you will see in the proxy, you will see the split between the two company sales and you can get a sort of a baseline there. As it relates to how we think about specifically Revlimid versus consensus. Again, I think this is more -- we did multiple scenarios and as I mentioned we did book-ins. There’s a number of scenarios in between. There’s a number of other things that still have to play out both at the District Court level and at that the patent office level, so for us to get into declare at this point I think is premature. What’s important to me, Chris is that, if you look at this slide and if you think about the way we think about the company between now and 2025 we have rapidly growing businesses driven by many of our inline franchises. The opportunity to launch six products in the next two years and a pipeline that will continue to advance and will generate incremental launch opportunities between now and 2025. And then when I think about 2025, we will have not only a business that will have grown, but also we will have a much more diversified company, a significantly higher number of opportunities across multiple diseases to derive the growth of the company in the second half of the decade. So, I think beyond the contribution on the individual components the breath of growth opportunities across different parts of this growth period is what's really complementary and exciting about the new company.
John Elicke: Thanks Chris. Grey, can we take the next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now take our next question from Jason Gerberry of Bank of America.
Jason Gerberry: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I guess first question is just for Tom. Just thinking about the upcoming readouts at the ASCO, GU, I’m curious, it seems like the advantage of Opdivo, Yervoy and front-line renal really is the longer-term follow-up survival data versus competitors who likely have immature OS data. So just kind of curious you guys have a longer-term follow-up study. It’s about 30 months of follow-up, but it was about 25-month of follow-up at ESMO 2017. So just kind of curious why this upcoming follow-up isn't longer-term follow-up and what that suggests regarding the durability of the Opdivo Yervoy benefit beyond 30 months? And then my second question is just regarding Revlimid. Have the parties of you guys in Celgene pre-agreed already on what would be acceptable settlement terms with some of the outstanding generic challengers. Just sort of curious how you guys navigate some of the upcoming legal update? Thanks.
Charles Bancroft: Jason, thank you for your question about renal cell. So, couple of things about renal cell. First, we are extremely happy that Opdivo, Yervoy has become the Standard of Care in many settings in the United States. And also very happy that just recently we received our full approval in Europe as well. So we look at that is a great endorsement of the value this combination provides. We look forward to updating survival as we always do with the most recent database lock and we continue to update that data. Now, when I think about this combination, as you point out, I think about something which could be distinguished and again we haven't seen all the data from our competitors yet, but could be distinguished on durability of response. And I think that’s one most important thing to keep in mind that durability of response can play a very important role. And so we look forward to seeing that data emerge and the comparative data sets emerge over time. But also remember that one of the other key things is we also believe that there may be a role for TKIs with IO and we have our study 9ER which will be reading out with Cabo and Opdivo as well looking at that, and that’s a little bit later in the timeframe, later this year. But we look forward to being able to play a role both in across the spectrum of patients with renal cell carcinoma.
Christopher Boerner: Yes. I would just on the Revlimid settlement with generic filers. I think it would be inappropriate about how we are thinking about that other than for Celgene in particular. I would say that we do have consultant sort of perspective or overview with the process with Celgene and the generic filers
John Elicker: Thanks Jason. Greg, can we take the next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now take our next question from Umer Raffat of Evercore ISI.
Umer Raffat: Hi. Thank so much for taking my questions. So, I wanted to focus on lung cancer for a minute. And maybe just so I understand the regulatory status exactly on what's happening. It seems to me that once the overall survival data and the TMB lows the hazard ratio is about the same as the hazard ratio in TMB highs, maybe FDA was no longer comfortable with TMB to begin with? Is that is that a fair way to think about it? And perhaps is that why there’s sort of now more and more focus on PDL-1 positive cohorts specifically? And on that note, I recall the expectation for overall survival data in PDL-1 positives of 227 was by late 2018 early 2019 and I saw that it's now obviously pushed out and 9LAs pushed out a little bit as well. So I’m just trying to understand the broader dynamic here? And also understand how FDA is looking at TMB and whether TMB ever happening or not from their perspective?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. Umer let me start and then I’ll ask Tom obviously to answer your question in more detail. First of all, as Tom will describe the issue that is important really is the interaction between various biomarkers. I think we’ve been very clear since October that this was a complex file. You've mentioned that the overall survival data we disclosed in October with this respect to low TMB patients and obviously we been in discussions with the FDA on these applications. Tom will give you his perspective about that. If you go there at our lung cancer program, nothing has really changed with respect to the importance of Study 1a, Part 2 and 9LA. We've always said these are event driven trials and the timing is impacted by the evolution of events, but we continue to look forward to seeing the results of this study. It is a broad program and we would see the data. We believe that based on that program we have a real opportunity to play a role in lung cancer. And as I said earlier that's part of a much broader set of opportunities for Opdivo. Tom?
Thomas Lynch: Thank you, Giovanni. Umer, I think just to give you little more emphasis there. I mean, obviously I don’t know what the FDA thinking. I can tell you what I’m thinking about TMB. And I feel that TMB will continue to be important. I think the broad genomic profiling will continue to be important in the way we approach patients with cancer. I just think its early days in trying to understand that. I think if you look at the totality of data, data from us, data that just published last week from Memorial and from Merck. Data from Roche, data from AstraZeneca, whether you’re looking up blood, whether you're looking at tumor, what you see consistently is TMB is a marker for response often for PFS and we don't yet have evidence or data that’s as confirmatory around survival, much of that I would argue is around the way these studies have been designed, data collection and I think it remains a very important part of how we move forward. I want to make one important comment about 227. As you know we believe it's very important to understand the interplay of the various different biomarkers of PDL-1 and of TMB and how they may work together. We know that TMB predicts for PFX benefit in patients who are high TMB with Opdivo, Yervoy compared to chemotherapy, but as you mentioned we also found evidence that the survival trends were very similar whether you were TMB high, TMB low, and to really further understand what that means to be able to give guidance to treating physicians, I think you really do need to see the totality of survival data which will be available hopefully recently shortly with when 1a comes out. One comment just to finish on the timing of data release. As you know these are inherently event driven phenomena and it’s very difficult to be able to predict with exact precision when the events will occur that will trigger the ability to readout. And again, both these studies are slightly prolonged, but again we have to wait for the events to occur and as soon as they occur we will analyze the data.
John Elicker: Thanks for the question, Umer. Grey, can we take the next question please?
Operator: Thank you. We can now take our next question from Matt Phipps of William Blair.
Matt Phipps: Thanks for taking my call. Follow-up to Umer’s question, do you think the subsequent usage of PD-1s in the second line from patients that were high TMB might influence that survival where those chemo patients ended up maybe doing really well in second-line PD-1 and therefore kind of confounded the OS results in particular. And subsequently if Part 1a is positive for the PDL-1 positive patients do you really consider pursuing TMB or would you consider looking at a pan tumor high TMB type of indication similar to the MSI high if you’re really confident of this biomarker?
Charles Bancroft: So, two questions, Williams – Matt, thank you, couple of questions – couple of answers. First is, I do think that PD-1 treatment in second-line makes a big difference and provides great benefit for patients. We've shown that and have led in that area of second-line lung cancer. So I do believe that that can obscure the ability to look at potential survival differences. I think you also to remember that the group of patients who are most likely to develop the most impressive responses are those patients who are high TMB. So -- and I think that true in second-line as well as we show the study 026. So I think that's really important. The second part of your question regarding if 1a is positive how would we approach that from a regulatory standpoint? Giovanni made that really clear earlier when he said, you really have to see where the data takes us. So we have to look at the data, see what the data shows us. As you know we have not seen survival data from Part 1 of the study. So, we need to be able to look at that, to be able determine what’s the best way to determine the patients who get the most benefit and importantly the largest group of patients that we can benefit as well in this setting. So again, really hard to comment on what the regulatory path would be until we see these data sets. I think as Giovanni said, we’ve got three important data sets maturing in the next three to 12 months and we’re going to need to look at the group of them to be able to make the most important strategic decisions from a regulatory standpoint.
John Elicker: Thanks Matt. Can we take the next question please, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Scala of Cowen.
Steve Scala: Thank you so much. What are the dynamics that led to essentially flat Opdivo sales quarter over quarter? And related to that the Bristol business has good momentum, but the 2019 EPS guidance suggest mid-single digit growth X Celgene and growth was further lowered by the Q4 beat. So maybe you could talk about that dynamic? And then secondly, would you like to call out any design differences between the Opdivo, chemo, arm of Checkmate 227 and Keynote-189 that might influence the results. For instance, Roche notes greater chemo dose intensity in power 132 relative to keynote-189 among other differences? Thank you.
John Elicker: Yes. Chris, why don’t you start with performance of Opdivo.
Christopher Boerner: Yes. Thanks Steve. Thanks for the question. So overall sales for Opdivo were quite strong ending the year, while we grew sales outside of the U.S. as you point out and that sales were relatively flat in the U.S., Q3 to Q4. There were couple of unique factors that affected the quarter. First, we had an inventory build in the government channel in Q3 that had to be worked down in Q4. And second we had slightly higher sales in PHS and Medicaid which had a modest impact on gross to net. Those two things notwithstanding, we did actually see demand growth of about 3% for the quarter that was just offset by these other factors. But if you step back from the quarter we actually ended 2018 very much in line with expectations. In the U.S. second-line lung share is holding around 30%. We continue to see the percentage of IO eligible patients decrease, but that's very much in line with what we expected and where we expected to be at the end of the year. We’re holding leading shares in first-line metastatic melanoma as well as in second-line renal cell. And as we look forward we still see growth opportunities albeit more modest in the U.S. coming from adjuvant melanoma as well as first-line renal cell. You’ll recall that we drove rapid uptake in the U.S. in these indications in 2018. We still however see opportunities to continue to grow in first-line renal particularly in intermediate and poorest patients. We've got a great story to tell there in terms of the strength of our OS and as Tom mentioned on the previous call the durability of the data that we’re seeing there. And we’re also benefit from full-year sales in adjuvant melanoma in the U.S. and of course outside of the U.S. we’re still very much in the early stages of the launch of both of those indications. So if you added up we see a good opportunity for growth in 2019 and good momentum globally coming out of 2018.
Charles Bancroft: Yes. Steve, just a couple things and maybe to remind you of one, I would call it maybe one-off item related to our 2019 guidance. So we announced in December the sale of our book of business that we expect to close in April of 2019 that has about 480 million of full-year sales in 2018 and we already indicated that’s $0.04 diluted to us on 2019 basis. We also announced our pension derisking back in November of last year and that shows up in other income, but that's also $0.05 diluted to us in 2019. And then we’ve talked about before that Sanofi alliance income ended in 2018.
Thomas Lynch: And Steve just to answer quickly your question about 227 versus 189, except for the obvious difference which you would note about histology is being different that 227 was [Indiscernible] and 189 was a non-squamous. And except for the fact that the 189 control arm performed particularly less well than some of the other control arms that we've been seeing from both our studies and competitors trials, I think it’s really difficult to make those comparisons. I think we have to really see – until we see what our data 227 look like both from Part 1 and Part 2 of those trials and to see how they emerge.
John Elicker: Thanks Steve. Grey, can we take the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vamil Divan of Credit Suisse.
Vamil Divan: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. So, maybe one on Celgene and then one other one. So just on the Celgene you obviously see stock was trading quite at discount before the deal was announced. I think the market has not been as bullish on the late stage assets as you are. So maybe just under three weeks you’ve been having a discussion with investors. What do you think that investors are most missing about these pipeline assets? And what should we be getting more excited about? Appreciate the detail on the call, but any further insight would be helpful. And then changing gears to Eliguis. So we saw from Johnson & Johnson relative sales relatively little late this quarter. And obviously there’s lot of volume growth in the class, but just wondering about the pricing side of that equation. So can you just comment on the discount you’re seeing and maybe the impact that the donut hole had enough products this quarter? And how you think about the donut hole will impact next year given your views about -- percentage of the sales covering more sales there? Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. This is Giovanni. Let me just start answering your questions. So first all let me say that we’ve just reviewed in some detail with you some of the key drivers of value of the acquisition of Celgene and specifically with respect to the value of the pipeline assets. If you think about that and as we said in the past we see non-risk-adjusted sales at least for the six assets we discussed today at least $15 billion in sales and we are having good discussions with investors about the strength of the combined company, the key value divers, the opportunity for growth that these assets provide and then obviously the strengthening of the rest of the pipeline.
Charles Bancroft: Vamil, just to add from an R&D standpoint, I just want to share, it’s obviously very hard for you or for anyone to model the particular value of a pipeline assets that’s very early, but I can tell you the enthusiasm that our group at BMS had, if we look at the depth and strength of what Celgene has in their pipeline particular around the concept of protein homeostasis. Chris mentioned earlier the incredible technology that’s been developed in cell therapies that we can – we’ll make a difference. And overall, when I look at this company, I see a company that’s done for myeloma. What we have done for renal cell and melanoma. They’ve absolutely transformed the disease by understanding the biology and by developing treatments, which exploit the fundamental biologic differences, and so there I think you see a lot of similarities between these two companies.
Christopher Boerner: Chris, let me let me touch on Eliquis. So a few points [indiscernible]. Thanks for the question. So first, we’re still very bullish on the business with Eliquis, both in the U.S. and ex-U.S. We grew sales in the fourth quarter 27%. We saw TRx volume was up 36%. In the U.S. we extended our leadership position as the number one OAC across all specialties of indications, and we still have room to grow in the U.S. Outside of the U.S. we’ve seen strength in a number of key markets, notably the U.K. and France. And in fact in France, we became the number one OAC in the fourth quarter. So the base business and the fundamentals look really good across the board. We did see an impact on higher rebates in the U.S. in the fourth quarter, and in Q3 rebates were around 185 million. They increased to 278 million in the fourth quarter. There were two things really driving that. There was a onetime true up of 36 million, but as you point out, we do have a higher volume of patients running through Part D channels and those are highly discounted channels. As we take those dynamics and look forward, I think there are a few dynamics that you need to take into account with Eliquis. First, the donut hole rebate is increasing from 50% to 70% that’s going to put price pressure on that price. Second, we have a differentiated profile and as a result of that, we’ve strengthened our access position in Part D, that is going to lead to higher gross to nets over time. And then importantly, we have significantly increased the volume going to Eliquis. We did that in 2018 based on the strength of the business. We have every expectation to believe that we’ll continue to grow this business in 2019. And that will drive more volume through highly discounted segments, and thus increasing gross to net. What I will say, is in spite of these drags on net price, our expectation is that we’ll continue to grow net sales. And that’s a result of having a differentiated product, good underlying strength in the business in the U.S. and ex-U.S. and frankly the quality of the commercial execution that we’ve seen on this brand.
John Elicker: Thanks, Arnold. Greg [ph] I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. We can now take our next question from Geoff Meacham of Barclays
Geoff Meacham: Good morning guys. Thanks for the question. Just have a few. On Revlimid, I think investors are struggling with the erosion curve beginning in 2022, and the pro forma model, and then the pricing environment longer term. So I guess the question is how much value is given for 2121 in earlier lines of therapies, say first or second line myeloma or Revlimid has pretty meaningful share. And then on the first line lung application, does it make sense to wait even longer say for part 2, of 227 or even 9 LA to ensure a broader label, I’m just, I guess I’m struggling with how you balance speed to market and sort of data differentiation in IO versus science behind TMB versus PD 1 better? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks. Let, let me. Sorry, Geoff, let me answer your first question. So as we’ve discussed bb2121 and other assets, our current forecast includes the lead indication, in that case obviously we see significant potential for further expansion into earlier lines of therapy.
Christopher Boerner: And Geoff, just to come in on the first line lung application obviously we want the speed-to-market is important. I think you’re right, or and bring up a very good point that we want to see what the data shows us, and that will really determine how we proceed from a regulatory standpoint. And you know, I just want to emphasize that part 1 A, part 2 and 9 LA are three distinct separate studies. And it may be that we get a very strong signal from one of them, that allows us to proceed with a regulatory filing. So I think we’ll have to take that and follow the data as you point out.
John Elicker: Thanks Geoff. We’ve got our last question please Greg [ph].
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from David Risinger of Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger: Yes. Thanks very much. My first question is just a follow up on Eliquis, and thank you for the color. I think the comment was that you expect growth going forward, but I believe the Street expects substantial growth going forward. So could you just provide some level of color on the outlook for growth relative to the growth that you reported in the fourth quarter for Eliquis. And then second, pivoting to novel I-O pipeline candidates, that was mentioned earlier in the call. Could you just discuss if there are any key readout to watch in 2019?
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks very much, David. Thank you. This is Giovanni. So let me just start. As Chris said earlier, we are very bullish on Eliquis. Performance is strong around the world and particularly in the U.S. there is strong momentum in the brand. It’s one of the key growth drivers for the company. So let me just reiterate we’re very bullish on the prospects for the asset, and Tom on data readouts.
Thomas Lynch: And Dave, a couple of things on data readouts. First, when you think about what we have in the established products looking up David, we’ve talked in detail about lung cancer. We do know that we’ve got data reading out this year in Hepatoma and possibly some data and mesothelioma and head neck later in the year. You specifically asked about novel compounds, so and I think that’s an area of great excitement from ours -- from our standpoint. First, we hope to have some data later this year with our lag 3 compound to get a better sense of how this unique molecule that approaches that concept of lymphocytes exhaustion might be able to play a role in cancer. The second is you’ll see more evolution of data with our combination between OPDIVO and Nektar as the year progresses. We’re very excited about the potential for this combination to be able to improve outcome and provide a unique therapeutic opportunity for patients. And then again, CTLA-4 is a really really important compound and its important target. And so the two compounds that we’re excited about are the pro body that we’re doing with CytomX as well as the both of which are moving through phase I this year. In fact this year, we hope to advance a product compound close which would be the pro body of the non-fee cost related formulation. So again, combining those two technologies looks particularly exciting. So a number of important early signals, I would say from some of our novel I-O agents, and then of course we talked earlier and you saw the slide, slide 15 in the deck which looks at the timing of some of the established readouts which we look forward to in the next 12 to 24 months.
John Elicker: Thanks Dave. Turn it over to Giovanni for some closing comments.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you John and thanks everyone. So as we close let me just reiterate this was a very good quarter in which capped a really great year. Our performance was driven by strong commercial execution with good momentum in the business going into 2019. We’ve made important progress in our pipeline and we have demonstrated disciplined management of our P&L. And these will create a strong foundation as we enter into 2019. This will be an exciting next chapter for our company as we plan on the integration of Celgene and I’m confident we are creating value for BMS as shareholders. I’m excited about the prospects we had, we have as a leading scientific company, and I want to thank everyone for participating in the call. Thank you.
John Elicker: Greg. I think that concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
Analysts: Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jason M. Gerberry - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Timothy Minton Anderson - Wolfe Research, LLC Chris Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC Umer Raffat - Evercore Group LLC Matthew Phipps - William Blair & Co. LLC Seamus Fernandez - Guggenheim Securities LLC Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Unknown Speaker: Good day and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2018 third quarter results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Vickie, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us for the Q3 call. Giovanni and Charlie will have prepared remarks as usual and joining us for Q&A are Tom Lynch our Chief Scientific Officer and Christopher Boerner, our Chief Commercial Officer. Before we get started I'll take care of the Safe Harbor language. During the call we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements, actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date we specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We're also going to focus our comments during the call on our non-GAAP financial measures which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items, reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, John, good morning everyone. Today we announced another very strong quarter with sales growth of 8% and non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 45%. With that said, I'm aware of some of the frustration that many of you have. I wanted you to know that I acknowledge your concerns and today, I'm going to give you my perspective on some of the things I've heard from you. Let me start with the news on our TMB filing then I'll provide my perspective on the quarter and finally I'll discuss how I am thinking about the company going into 2019 and beyond. Charlie will provide some color on the financials and Tom and Chris are here for your questions. So let me step back and discuss first where we are with TMB. We have always believed in pursuing areas of high unmet need and following the science to bring the best options to patients. TMB is an important example of that. As we described earlier this year, based on the emerging data for TMB we amended study 227 to evaluate PFS in high TMB patients and demonstrated a significant improvement in PFS. We did it in a way that had no impact on the statistical plan for OS in part 1a and part 2. With regard to the current regulatory filing for TMB, we have always said this was going to be a complex review, and we recognize that the additional OS data increases that complexity. We remain committed to working with health authorities on the application. We continue to believe that TMB's scientifically important and as you know, several other companies as well as academic institutions are working to advance the understanding of TMB. Based on everything we've seen, we believe TMB will play a role in the treatment of cancer and we look forward to advancing our research in this area. Turning now to our results. We delivered another great quarter with outstanding execution across the company. We saw strong demand growth and meaningful market share trends in our portfolio with Opdivo and Eliquis continuing to be positioned well. Specifically, our I-O franchise performed well in a highly competitive market. Our existing indications contributed strong results, including second-line lung where we maintain a leading share. Our new indications also performed well. We continue to see strong uptake for the adjuvant melanoma indication in the U.S. and have begun to launch in the early reimbursement markets in Europe such as Germany. Let me turn to the other newly-launched indication, first-line renal. I know there has been a lot of news and debate about how this market is going to evolve, so let me give you my perspective. I feel very good about our market position. We were the first I-O approved in renal and we've been calling on physicians who treat renal cancer for almost three years. We've established Opdivo as the leading agent in the second-line setting in a very competitive market. With the approval in first-line, Opdivo plus Yervoy is already the leading treatment for patients with intermediate and poor risk. We've achieved this by executing well in the market and leveraging a competitive profile for the combination which includes strong overall survival, compelling complete response rates, and good tolerability. We operate in competitive markets around the world and I have full confidence in the commercial organization to continue to be successful in RCC. Looking forward for Opdivo, based on the strong trends through three quarters, we continue to believe that Opdivo will grow in 2019 based on the current set of indications today. Let me now turn to Eliquis, the other key growth franchise in our business. We are seeing strong trends and Eliquis has now become the #1 oral anticoagulant in the U.S. This is an incredible milestone, reinforcing the clinical value that Eliquis offers in stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation. I'm confident that Eliquis continues to have an important opportunity for growth going forward. Now, looking ahead into 2019. The momentum in our business gives us a solid foundation for growth. Additionally, for 2020 and beyond, I see further potential growth drivers in the future, coming from a number of sources. First, in oncology. We have over 20 registrational trials reading out between now and 2023 in more than 10 tumor types. Importantly, this includes six ongoing trials across multiple indications in the adjuvant setting. This is an area with great progress with readouts beginning in 2020. With respect now to the early pipeline. One of the things we've learned is that for earlier I-O assets it is helpful, where possible, to see randomized data before moving to registrational studies and we've applied this to 4 to 5 programs where we expect data to enable go/no-go decisions in 2019. As you know, one of my key priorities is to further diversify our portfolio and I think we've made good progress in 2018. I want to highlight some key areas. First, we've moved TYK2 into Phase III based on the very promising data in psoriasis you saw in September and I look forward to the opportunity to broaden the TYK2 program based on Phase 2 readouts in the other potential indications, such as Crohn's, UC, and Lupus. In addition, earlier this year, we entered into a partnership with Janssen for Factor XIa, which is now beginning Phase 2. With respect to the FGF21 program, we've started the Phase 2 needed to enable a phase 3 program. And finally next year we expect data from our nitroxyl donor agent that will inform a potential registrational start. Business Development has always been a core part of our strategy as we look to source innovation externally, to diversify the portfolio, and then further support long-term growth. This remains a company priority. One that I am very focused on. Our strong balance sheet gives us flexibility in this regard. In closing, while acknowledging the intensively competitive markets where we operate, I feel good about our performance in the quarter, the momentum in our business as we head into next year, and the breadth of opportunities for longer-term growth. With that, I'll hand it over to Charlie for more specifics on the quarter.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Giovanni. Good morning, everyone. This was another strong quarter for the company highlighted by continued growth across our key brands including Opdivo and Eliquis. As Giovanni mentioned, Opdivo trends remain strong and we are executing at a high-level with our new launches in adjuvant melanoma and first-line renal cell in the U.S. Looking at our international business, we continue to see growth across core indications and we are in the early days of launching and securing reimbursement for adjuvant melanoma. The strength of Yervoy in the U.S. continues to be driven by the uptake of the Opdivo-Yervoy regimen in renal cell and continued leadership of the regimen in metastatic melanoma. With these trends in mind, we feel really good about our competitive position and expect that Opdivo will deliver growth in 2019. Also contributing to the strong commercial execution was Eliquis which during the quarter became the #1 OAC in the U.S. in total prescriptions. While Eliquis TRx volume was up 36% versus prior-year, it's important to remember that the impact of coverage gap is most pronounced in the third quarter, and when compared to our second quarter, net sales were reduced by roughly $100 million. Also impacting sales was an inventory reduction of approximately $50 million. We believe that Eliquis' profile and leading market position will be further strengthened by compelling real-world data such as the Ester Foney (10:17) study shared at ACC earlier this year; and with warfarin TRx share at roughly 35% in the U.S. we believe Eliquis has significant headroom for further growth as the leading agent in the expanding NOAC class. Now I'd like to highlight a number of items from our non-GAAP P&L. As I mentioned back in July, we are beginning to see a moderating of the impact of product mix on our gross margin. Regarding OpEx, we remain disciplined in order to facilitate differential investment behind R&D. As you know, we tend to see a natural phasing of investment towards the final quarter of the year. As I previously mentioned, other income and expense has increased mainly due to royalties from our diabetes alliance and PD-1 products. And finally, with regard to our tax rate, favorability in the quarter was largely due to the release of a reserve from prior periods and the impact of U.S. Tax Reform. With respect to capital allocation, and as Giovanni mentioned, we continued to view BD as a top priority. We maintain a very strong balance sheet that provides us significant financial flexibility and will evaluate opportunities on the basis of their strategic, scientific and financial fit. I'll now move on to guidance. Based on strong sales trends and favorable product mix, we expect to deliver revenue growth in the high-single-digit range and gross margin as a percentage of revenue of approximately 71%. We now expect our effective tax rate to be roughly 17%. With these revisions, we are increasing our non-GAAP EPS guidance range by $0.25; and as always, our guidance assumes current foreign exchange rates. Now I'll turn it back to John to start the Q&A.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Giovanni, and thanks, Charlie. Vickie, I think we're ready to go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our first question today from Alex Arfaei with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you very much, and I appreciate all the color. First on RCC, is it fair to assume that this is going to get an increasingly fragmented market? I fully appreciate your OS data in the high-risk patients. What is your, I guess, confidence about being able to protect that business given your survival data? That's the first question. And then, Tom, I'm just wondering if I could get your thoughts from Merck's anti-CTLA-4 data at ESMO. It looks to be active, seems to be better tolerated. I appreciate that the data is relatively small and early, but just wondering how you view that as a competitive risk for Yervoy. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Alex. Why don't we start with Chris on RCC, and then we'll move to Tom.
Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, Alex, thanks for the question. I think it's useful to step back and really level-set on the dynamics in renal cell even beyond Giovanni's opening comments. And so let me get at your question by sort of giving a little bit of perspective here. We've been in this market for a number of years. We know these physicians, they know us, they know our drugs, and we have a strong base book of business in renal cell. In second-line we're standard-of-care in most of our major markets and in many of those, including the United States, market share is at or north of 50%. So that's the second-line business. As we look at the first-line setting, share is currently in the 30% to 35% range which, you may know, we've achieved in roughly six weeks post-approval, and as was pointed out at ESMO, both from the podium as well as with the customers we spoke with, Opdivo plus low-dose Yervoy is and should continue to be standard-of-care in the U.S. So I think if you step back and ask yourself, why have we achieved that level of success, I think there are a couple of things at play. First, we have a very good profile with Opdivo plus Yervoy. We have OS demonstrated both with a compelling median as well as compelling two-year landmark data. We've got deep and durable responses and as I think we talked about previously, durability is really important not just in this market, but also in other tumors. We have a manageable safety profile, and Opdivo plus Yervoy has demonstrated an improvement in patient quality of life in this setting, so that's important as well. Now with respect to the competitor news that we've seen, I think you're right, in the long-term you will see a much more fragmented market, but a couple of things are true. First, we need to see the data coming from Merck, and we look forward to seeing that at an upcoming conference. But with comparison to the data that we saw at ESMO, we continue to believe that Opdivo plus Yervoy has a very competitive profile. We're compelling on overall survival, we're compelling on complete response rates and we're compelling with respect to the safety profile and quality of life. Now, how the competitive data evolves, we'll have to see but based on what we've seen so far, we feel very good about the competitive profile of Opdivo plus Yervoy in renal cell. The second thing we feel very good about is the ability of our team to compete in this market. I actually ran the U.S. business when we launched in the second-line setting. That was a market that was dominated by TKIs. We not only introduced I-O, but we made it standard-of-care. That same dynamic has played out in the first-line setting and I feel very good about our team's ability to continue to compete in this space. So net-net, this is a very dynamic environment. There are things that we don't yet know but if I step back and think about the things we do know, we've been promoting in this space for almost three years. We have a very competitive profile, and the teams are executing exceptionally well, and I have every expectation they will continue to do so.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Alex, thank you for comment, your question, on CTLA-4. So let me just say a couple of things. I'm not going to comment directly on Merck's drug, I think it's probably better for them to do that. What I will tell you is a couple things about CTLA-4. I think CTLA-4 is a very important target. It's been something that we've been extremely proud of at Bristol-Myers Squibb in terms of how we have pursued this target. Let's just think about what we've learned about CTLA-4. We have shown, as Chris just told you, we've shown that we are able to improve outcomes dramatically in renal and in melanoma and we've made major improvements in the outcome of taking care of patients in those settings. The durability of response that we see with Opdivo and Yervoy together is something that, again, we're very proud of and I think it's made a big difference for patients, and not only in renal cell and melanoma, but if you look at MSI colon cancer, if you look at bladder cancer, if you look at small-cell lung cancer, if you look at non-small-cell lung cancer, those are all areas where we have shown evidence that CTLA-4 plus Opdivo can make a difference. I think those are all very important to keep in mind. I think also something that Chris said that I think is extremely important to emphasize is when you look at patient-reported outcomes, and we've looked at patient-reported outcomes in our non-small-cell studies, we find that the patient-reported outcomes for patients treated with a combination of Opdivo-Yervoy can be superior to those for patients treated with a chemotherapy backbone. So I think that CTLA-4 remains a very important target. We also think that when you give CTLA-4 in the doses that we're giving it in renal cell and non-small-cell it is very well-tolerated. In addition, we're continuing to develop new ways of targeting CTLA-4. For example, we have a CTLA-4 Probody that we're developing with CytomX. This is an agent which we think will preferentially get into tumors and will be able to possibly modulate some of the peripheral immune-related events and accentuate some of the anti-tumor events. We also have a (18:10) formulation of CTLA-4. Both of these drugs are in Phase I. Both of these drugs we expect to have some readouts in 2019. So CTLA-4 is a very important target for Bristol-Myers Squibb and one we look forward to presenting additional data for in the next coming year.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Alex, for the question. Can we go to the next one please, Vickie?
Operator: Yes, we'll now go to Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Giovanni, I very much appreciate your opening comments, they were helpful, but I can't help to think that Bristol-Meyers feels like the company is in a similar situation it was in two years ago after the failure of CheckMate -026 and clearly the big bet the company made in exploring Ipi-Nivo in frontline lung hasn't materialized exactly the way it was expected and while we still await the outcome of chemo combo, it's looking less and less likely that Bristol will have a meaningful role in the frontline lung market. You might disagree, and I'd like to hear that. But how are you hedging your bets against what clearly was supposed to be one of the most important growth drivers of the company? Is there more of an urgency to explore M&A options or other strategic initiatives that change the company narrative, and can we read into the fact that you did not announce a share buyback program today like Merck did, even though your stock is at a 52-week low, that you're likely to do something in M&A relatively soon? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Jami. So let me answer your two questions. First of all on our oncology strategy. If you step back, I believe it is fair to say that from the beginning, a really important core pillar of our strategy has been to focus on I-O/I-O combinations as a way of replacing standard-of-care where appropriate. And, what I would say, is that in some areas, this strategy has been very successful, because when you look at melanoma, when you look at renal cell and potentially other tumors in the future, first of all we've established new standards of care and second, we've made Yervoy into a really important medicine for patients and an important product for the company. I think it's also important to recognize that as data has matured, that has shown the value of combining Immuno-Oncology agents and specifically Opdivo, with existing standards-of-care like chemotherapy and some targeted agents, we have broadened our scope to include combination strategies, including chemotherapy which is currently ongoing across multiple types of tumors, and where appropriate, with targeted agents like TKIs, which is for example, the case in the work we are doing in renal cell, so our strategy has broadened and the clinical trials that we've designed over the last few years has reflected a broader approach to Immuno-Oncology. With respect to your question about capital allocation, as I said in my prepared remarks, we continue to think about business development as a really important driver. As I said it's one I'm really focused on personally, and as part of that, I would say, we've demonstrated to also have a fairly balanced capital allocation strategy. We've been committed to the dividend for a long time and we've increased it year-over-year multiple times. In the past, we've executed meaningful share repurchases programs where we've felt it was the right thing to do, maybe more opportunistically. And again as I said, a core pillar of our strategy is business development which is really linked to my priority to continue to diversify the business.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Jami. Vickie, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. Next is Jason Gerberry with Bank of America.
Jason M. Gerberry - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to come back to the comment about the importance of TMB. As we think about next year, CheckMate 9LA, in lieu of some of the more recent updates, is that a patient population you plan on selecting for in the primary analysis? Just trying to get a sense of how you're prioritizing TMB. And, then my second question, just on TYK2. Can you comment the trials on CT.gov obviously don't list the dose strengths and the dosing regimens but can you at least confirm that these are the dose strengths that got PASI 75 scores that were roughly 2x the active compare that you're going to be studying against? Thanks.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jason, thank you. So a couple of ways of approaching it. The first one just to talk about TMB. I think as Giovanni said in the very beginning, TMB is a great example of how we are following the science, that helps us understand how drugs work well in immuno-oncology and I think that's a very important pillar to how R&D is done at Bristol-Myers Squibb. I think that as you've seen, we have introduced the measurement of TMB in a number of our different studies. In 9LA, we have required collection, or attempted collection, for TMB from patient samples but we don't stratify based on TMB in study 9LA. I think that's really important to keep that in mind. So, I think TMB will continue to play an important role. I think we look forward to seeing the interaction of TMB with a number of different biomarkers as we move forward, and I think that 9LA will be a dataset that will hopefully give us that opportunity for looking at that, but of course that's not 'til sometime next year. Think your second question on TYK2 is a very good question, and I think one that is an area that we think is extremely exciting to us. As you know, Jason, TYK2 is very unique as a molecule in that it hits both the IL-1223 axis as well as the Type 1 interferon axis; and it's an oral compound. And what's interesting is the way this was done, and again it's a real testament to the discovery chemists at Bristol-Myers Squibb under the leadership of Carla Chico, what they were able to do is actually target the pseudo kinase. So we don't end up with the JAK-type side effects that you see with some of the JAK inhibitors. So it's got a unique mechanism of action which we think is going to lead to a favorable side effect profile, and of course we only have one large Phase 2 study. So, it's going to take more time before we understand fully how the drug is going to be used. At this point we have not disclosed the dose that's being used, for competitive reasons, but we do think we have two very well-designed trials that will unlock the potential for this drug in psoriasis. Now in addition, Jason, I think it's important to remember, TYK2 is a drug we're not developing – we're developing not just for psoriasis, but we also have active studies in psoriatic arthritis, we're moving into inflammatory bowel disease, and we also think it's important to think that lupus is an area that could be important. Now I know lupus has been an area of very difficult in the area of drug development and drug design, but we do think because of the Type 1 interferon interaction of TYK2 that it's an area that we really should be looking at with this drug as well.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jason, let me just go back to your first question for a second, and I just want to make sure to clarify that as we think about TMB being an important element of many of our studies going forward, you shouldn't be thinking about that as being a primary endpoint in future studies. It's one of the areas we are exploring and that's clearly the case for 9LA.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Jason. Can we go to the next question please, Vickie?
Operator: Next is Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Timothy Minton Anderson - Wolfe Research, LLC: Thank you. A couple of Opdivo questions. Investors are starting to question what sort of OS hazard ratio you might show with part 2 of 227 relative to the big hazard ratio number out of KEYNOTE-189; and I'm really only talking about the non-squamous segment where you can make an appropriate side-by-side comparison to 189. To me it seems pretty improbable that most trials are going to show a hazard ratio as good as what was shown in 189, but to me that also doesn't render your program irrelevant in first-line depending on what that number is. So the question here is really, what sort of hazard ratio do you think you need to show in the non-squamous population such that institutions that are currently using Opdivo in second-line lung or other tumor types say, hey that's good enough, it continues to support that the PD-1s are probably in reality all the same. And then the second question is beyond 2019, of course everyone is asking whether Opdivo goes ex-growth in that period, so you're only confirming 2019. So any sort of comfort you can give us about the beyond 2019 outlook, and if not today, when might we get such guidance?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, Tim, thanks for the questions. Let me start with your second question about the outlook. As I said in my remarks, we're just coming out of three very strong quarters for Opdivo and for the company in general, with good momentum commercially across-the-board. And I feel pretty good about this year. I've made comments about the fact that we see Opdivo having, being a growth brand in 2019 based on the currently approved indications. With respect to more guidance on 2019, we'll do that in January as we always do, but as I said earlier, I feel pretty good about the momentum in the business. Now let me ask Tom to answer the first part of your first question, and then Chris will give you some comments as well.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Tim, thank you for your question. I'd say a couple things. One is we obviously look forward to seeing the results of our chemo combo studies, both part two of 227 and 9LA. As you know those are event-driven and we look forward to seeing those when they occur and we're predicting that's going to be some time in 2019. I'd say one thing about hazard ratios. I practiced oncology for 28 years. Never once, never once, did I ever mention the word hazard ratio to a patient. It was never anything I ever spoke to a patient. It's not a factor in patient selection. What patients care about is the regimen or is the given approach, something that's going to give them a chance at being cured or living longer with their disease. So I tend to think what really matters when you've got a profile such as what we see in immuno-oncology, it's really the duration, depth and durability of treatment that's so important. So I think things like landmark analysis, two year, three year, four years survival – one of the things we are most proud of when we were at ESMO this year was presenting our four-year data in melanoma. We're starting to see landmark analysis at four years with Opdivo-Yervoy which is really quite impressive in that setting. And, so for me, looking at the durability and duration of response is really something that I think that doctors are going to focus on and that we're going to be looking at from a research standpoint. Chris?
Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, the only thing I would add to that is when we talk to customers, interestingly both in academia as well as in the community setting we hear a very similar story about landmark and the importance of landmark. Very few physicians talk to patients about hazard ratios and I think that's absolutely going to be critical. The other thing I would say just from a commercial standpoint is that lung cancer is a space that we know exceptionally well. It's an area that we've obviously had success competing in and I think we'll be ready from a competitive standpoint to compete depending upon the opportunities that we have going forward.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Tim. Can we go to the next question, Vickie, please?
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Chris Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much for the questions. Just two here. Maybe first Opdivo in second-line lung. Can you just give us an update on the trends you're seeing and the overall size of second-line for the PD-1's now that we've had a bit more time to see KEYTRUDA ramp in frontline? So basically how do we see that market evolving? What percent of patients do you think are still going to be seeing a PD-1 second-line? And then probably more importantly, is there any change from your prior views here? My second question was coming back to TMB. How are you interpreting what seemed to be very different PFS versus OS trends that we saw for the TMB high versus low populations in 227? And I guess does that update change at all your confidence in TMB and its predictive power as a biomarker and if not, why not? Thank you.
Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Let me take the first part of that question, Chris. So market dynamics in second-line are pretty much as we have been discussing for the last couple of quarters. Our market share in second-line is stable at roughly 30%. In terms of patient eligibility, these dynamics are very much in line with what we have been forecasting. We have seen a continued gradual decline in second-line eligibility since the approval of PD-1 agents both as monotherapy and in combination in the frontline setting. That continues to be more gradual outside the U.S. just given the timing of approvals. In the U.S. we think that roughly 50% of patients are eligible for I-O in the second-line and we still believe that that's going to level out somewhere in the range of 40% to 45%, consistent with what we said previously.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks. And, Chris, let me just take a second to explain a little bit about TMB and what you saw happen over the past week or two since we – or week since we reported the interactions with the authorities. So let's think back to TMB. So how did we get to TMB? We got to TMB because we were looking for a scientific reason to understand or explain how our I-O drugs work in cancer, in cancer in general and in lung cancer specifically. And as you know, TMB can be a surrogate marker for increased number of new antigens or possibly even increase specific neoantigens that could be driving the immune response and I think both of those are potential reasons that TMB can identify patient groups that could do better. So we designed prospectively to look at 227 Part 1 for patients who had high TMB and our initial look showed that the high TMB group in reaction to Opdivo-Yervoy had an increased response rate, a clearly improved progression-free survival and then a descriptive statistic, remember because the survival was not in the hierarchy statistically evaluated, a descriptive statistic that showed a survival advantage for those patients treated with Opdivo-Yervoy in that setting. We were very happy to see that result, and we shared those with the authorities and you know those resulted in submissions both in the United States and in Europe. At the specific request of the European Agency, they specifically asked us to look at survival in the TMB-low patients. And of course, I've been asked by many people over the past three or four days at ESMO, why didn't you look at that initially. And the reason we didn't look at that initially is we want to be very careful to protect the integrity of the survival in all parts of the trial, and that's why we did not look at that the first time around. But when we did look at it in response to the European Agency, we found that there was this overall survival trend again favoring the group treated with Opdivo-Yervoy in that setting. So what can you conclude from this data? I think the first is that TMB clearly, high TMB clearly is predictive for a response rate and PFS in an important group of patients and those are important endpoints and that's what the trial was designed prospectively to show. However, we also probably can conclude that TMB at least is in part prognostic as well to a certain degree. And we know that not just from the data we generated, but from the data that some of our competitors have generated and when you look back at some of the academic studies like the LACE meta-analysis of resected lung cancers, you find higher TMB patients do better. But I think one thing that's important, Chris, to look at is that if you look at the overall survival and response rate and progression-free survival magnitude of benefit, it's definitely higher and better in the group that has high TMB, again attesting to this depth, durability and duration of benefit in that patient population. But I also think it's important, Chris, to remind everyone that we're still early in the process. We will continue to follow the science and we'll continue to work to try to understand how to use TMB and how to use TMB in relation to other biomarkers as we understand better how to treat lung cancer.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Chris. Vickie, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: The next question will come from Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question. Maybe first, if we can get a bit more granular on Opdivo sales breakdown today and if you fast forward three years, what indications lose, how much and what indications gain and how much. It would be really helpful given all the investor questions on this topic, first. And secondly, just wanted to get a bit more color on 9LA as it relates to the thought process behind changing the sample size as well as the criteria on when a patient should be discontinuing from therapy or not, depending on the progression. Will that be consistent with how 227 did it or are there any changes? Thank you very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Umer. So, Chris, why don't you start describing the distribution of our business today and some of the growth into next year and then Tom can answer on 9LA.
Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, Umer, thanks for the question. So let me start by just giving you the distribution of business as it sits today. So in the U.S., lung is about 35% of our business for Opdivo, renal is roughly around 20% and then 30% of that is going to be in melanoma and then the remainder will be spread across other tumors. Ex-U.S., you will see a difference based mainly on a different set of indications that you have ex-U.S. versus in the U.S. So, outside of the U.S., lung is a larger percentage, it's about 60% outside of the U.S., renal is around 20% and then we've got 20% in melanoma. A couple of things to keep in mind is this is going to be dynamic over time. So for example, in the U.S., you have a larger percentage of the business in renal cell, that's a result of obviously the frontline indication. Adjuvant melanoma plays an important role in the U.S., that's just launching outside of the U.S. So what you're going to likely see is a continued diversification of the business in the U.S. You'll likely see the percentage of the business in lung cancer outside of the U.S. continue to decrease as we get more business in other markets like adjuvant melanoma.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And I think, Umer, just to address your question on 9LA. I think, a couple things, let's think about 9LA, and why it was designed. It was really designed to bring the very best of immuno-oncology along with chemotherapy. And the benefit of chemotherapy is that if there are patients who are early progressors, chemotherapy can help address that plus there's theoretically – it's a possibility that could you be generating more neoantigens or uncovering neoantigens that could help to stimulate and drive an immune response. So what we thought when we designed 9LA was it also gave us an opportunity to look at maybe just using two cycles of chemotherapy as opposed to four cycles of chemotherapy, and we thought that might also give us an ability to reduce some of the chemotherapy related side effects in patients while still maintaining the benefits that we see. As you know this trial accrues very, very quickly and so when we saw the rate of accrual we realized that by adding an extra couple of hundred patients to 9LA, we were going to be able to increase our optionality with looking at specific biomarkers. And that really was what drove the desire, it was accruing very, very fast, and it was really following on 227 where we had engaged a number of great centers throughout the world. And so we thought that 9LA, increasing the accrual at that point made sense. And so that really is the reason that we increased the size of that trial. Thanks.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Umer. Can we go to the next question, please, Vickie?
Operator: We'll go to Matthew Phipps with William Blair.
Matthew Phipps - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just two quick ones, one you've recently presented data CheckMate-511 of different dosage of Nipi-Ivo (39:39) in melanoma, and saw a decrease in AEs there with similar overall survival. Do you plan on submitting that to regulators? And then also I don't know what you can really say on this, but CheckMate-459 has kind of had continued delays in readout there, and I realize it's an event-driven study. But can you also walk us through some of the other changes in the trial, and why that's taking so long?
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So let me just make a couple comments. We obviously know we don't comment on the interactions with regulators until we have firm communications from them. I will say that CheckMate-511 I think offers some flexibility and optionality to doctors, and gives them some guidance, and Chris may want to comment on his view of dosing particularly in melanoma globally in that setting. What I'll say about CheckMate-459 is you know, Matthew, you kind of answered the question yourself there. It is an event-driven process, and we will have to wait until the number of events occur to be able to help us understand the dynamic in Hepatoma. We do believe that Opdivo is an active agent in this setting and we look forward to seeing how it compares to a TKI in this setting. And again, we look forward to sharing that data with you as soon as we have that data. It's just event-driven and it takes some time.
Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Matt, I'll just make a couple of comments on 511. We're encouraged to see the alternative dosing of Opdivo plus Yervoy. Overall, we think the data from the safety study is going to be important in providing physicians with some additional information on the benefit/risk of the combination dosing. The implications commercially, we'll have to wait and see how physicians think about adopting this. It's obviously not something that's going to be promotional for us. We see a bit of low-dose Yervoy in metastatic melanoma now, and you certainly could see that increase over time, but we don't anticipate a wholesale shift in dosing based on what we're seeing so far.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, and let me just clarify that this is really a medical study to inform questions from physicians in practice. We do not have registrational intent with that trial.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Great. Thanks, Matt. Can we go to the next question, please, Vickie?
Operator: Next is Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim.
Seamus Fernandez - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Oh, great. Thanks for the questions. Just a couple here for Tom. Tom, can you just update us on how you guys have stratified Part B of the 227 study by different PD-L1 levels? And how confident you are that this will successfully include PD-L1-high patients just given the risk of selection bias? And then the second question is just, it's my understanding that the Opdivo plus cabozantinib study is likely to complete in the first half of 2019. Can you just confirm the timing and how you think this study may distinguish itself from your own Opdivo plus Yervoy combination? Thanks.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So let's just say a couple things. I think what you meant by Part B, was actually part 2 of 227. As you know, that's an event-driven study, and when we enroll patients into that study we enroll patients with a broad histology and enrolled regardless of histology and regardless of PD-L1 status, and we'll look forward to seeing what that data shows when we have a chance to see that data when it matures. In terms of the renal cell work as you know, we think that the approach of using Opdivo along with a TKI can be a very potentially interesting approach. With TKIs, and we saw data presented at ESMO this year with some of our competitors, and we've seen press releases from other competitors, TKIs have the advantage of having rapid early on response, and that's one of the reasons that we combined Opdivo with cabo and we think cabo is one of the best TKIs in renal cell carcinoma. And again, we look forward to seeing that study 9-ER watching that data mature as well. I think, Seamus, you had suggested it might be early next year, I'm tending to think that's probably going to be a little bit later than that, but again as you know, it's event-driven and it's very difficult to be able to pin that down.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Seamus. Can we go to the next question, please, Vickie?
Operator: Next is Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Thank you. Couple questions on Eliquis. First, do you see either an opportunity or a need to launch a second NDC code version for Eliquis under Medicare? And then second, in a world without rebates and without service fees, how much volume and market share risk do you see to Eliquis given quite how competitive that segment is? And then finally, just very quickly, can you share any details about planned interim analysis for the ongoing renal trial with cabozantinib?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Andrew, just a couple comments from me. So first of all, we currently don't have plans to launch additional Eliquis forms and second, I would say, we don't generally comment on interim analysis of ongoing clinical trials but let me just ask Chris to give you a perspective about Eliquis coverage and performance in a competitive access world.
Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, so thanks for the question. I mean, I think that what you see in the cardiovascular space is this is a class that has been and will continue to be targeted for increased utilization management. That said, we have a strong advantage which is that Eliquis is a differentiated product, that's important not only for physicians and patients but it's also been very important for payers. We have historically been able to demonstrate to payers superior performance for Eliquis both in terms of efficacy and with respect to reduction in bleed and the risk of stroke through real-world data in patient populations that are relevant to those payers. And, so as a result of that, we've actually seen a strengthening of our access position. We've seen in particular strengthening of our access positions in part B plans year-over-year. That carries with it some gross-to-net exposure but we've an able to leverage that improved access really across both commercial Medicare and Medicaid channels and what you've seen is a continued growth in both the brand's share as well as revenue.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Andrew, for the question. Vickie, can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: We'll go to Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you, I have two questions. The first-line renal CHMP rejection of CheckMate-214 was now three months ago. Bristol had been expecting a quick hearing which did occur but also a quick resolution which has not. And, I'm just wondering, if anything has changed in the CHMP's eyes? And then secondly, Nektar-214 in lung cancer, when could we see the data, will another trial be needed and how does the deadline to start Phase III trials impact your decision? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Steve. Let me just ask the CHMP question on renal. What I can say is we are going through the procedure. Every one of those, as you know, there are many, every one of those has its own timing. There is really no comment at this point and our team are working with the European regulatory authorities on the application.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And, Steve, thanks for your question about Nektar-214 in lung cancer. So let me just start by saying a couple things. Why did we do Nektar-214 and why are we working so closely with our partners at Nektar? And I think what it comes down to is that when you look at immuno-oncology there are three validated mechanisms. You've got the PD-1 access, you've got CTLA-4 and you've got IL-2. And we think the opportunity to partner with Nektar to develop this agent, it's a pegylated form of IL-2, was a unique opportunity. And we worked very hard with them this year to put together a number of clinical trials to determine how to best use these agents in cancer. So the PIVOT-02 study which is a study run by Nektar has shown some very interesting data, in terms of activity and certainly also in terms of safety profile. Because as you remember, the other premise with the pegylation process is that perhaps you may change the immuno-oncology-related, the I-O-related side effect profile by stimulating peripheral T-regs. And, of course, we need more time and more data to be certain of that but it's certainly an intriguing prospect to how one uses Nektar-214 in that setting. So from PIVOT-02 we saw some data that certainly justified trials in renal cell cancer, in melanoma, and in bladder and you've seen the design of the melanoma study. And we continue to follow the cohorts from PIVOT-02 to determine which tumor types are going to be included next. And we're certainly looking very closely at lung cancer. I think one of the important things from our perspective is to make sure that the trials are done, they are the best trials that are going to be able to help us most understand how to use this drug, because it's early in the process of drug development and we want to make sure that we optimize its therapeutic potential.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks a lot, Steve. Can we go to the next question, please, Vickie?
Operator: Yes, we'll go to John Boris with SunTrust.
John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks for taking the questions, and congrats on the results. First, on first-line renal. In the intermediate to high what percent of patients are in the intermediate to high area relative to where PD-1 plus Inlyta might be used? The second question has to do with Yervoy. There's an inflection obviously it may have increased use in Yervoy. Can you give a breakout of use by melanoma, renal, lung, MSI-high and other tumor types? And then last question on Eliquis. You indicated warfarin still 35% of volume. How low can that number go, especially since it's pretty extensively used in patients with heart valves, but how much lower can you go before you exhaust growth? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yes. Thank you, John. So, Chris, why don't you take the three parts of the question?
Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So let's start with the renal question. So the renal question around the percentage of patients who are in an intermediate and poor prognosis patients is roughly 75% of that population. And by the way, in terms of our performance in frontline renal, we continue to see very good momentum in frontline renal; share as I mentioned is roughly 30% to 35%. We've got opportunities to continue to grow. There is sub-populations within our improved indication where we can continue to drive utilization and that's been the focus in frontline renal. With respect to your question on warfarin. As you mention, we continue to see significant use of warfarin both in the U.S. and ex-U.S., U.S. warfarin still garners roughly 22% of new share in the U.S. and in terms of total share, it's roughly 35%. And if you look ex-U.S., you've got markets where warfarin is still upwards of 40% of utilization. So we believe we can continue to drive utilization of warfarin down. The key constraints on the use of warfarin in the U.S. are going to be things like familiarity with warfarin as well as price, but if you look at the efficacy profile as well as the safety profile of Eliquis, we have continued to believe that we can continue to take share, not only from other NOACs but also from warfarin.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And the other thing I would say, John, is I believe one of the reasons for our very, very strong performance with Eliquis has been the fact that we've been very disciplined in looking at different business opportunities over time and our first priority was to be the leading NOAC, then we moved on focusing on expanding against warfarin and that is ongoing and continues to have good potential. And then the third point is, I would say, is that there is clear opportunity for the total market to grow in terms of undiagnosed patients and poorly treated patients, and many of our countries where we are the most advanced with the warfarin erosion strategy are beginning to work – or market expansion opportunities which are important. As you said, Yervoy, melanoma and renal are really the two sources there. The rest of the use of Yervoy is very small.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, John. Vickie, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: All right. We will take the next question from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley. David, your line is open. We're unable to hear you. If you could please check your mute button. David? I'm sorry. Hearing no response, we'll just go ahead and move on to the next question, and that will come from Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse.
Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. So just two, both sort of higher-level; one following up on the earlier question around business development, and I know Giovanni said it's a priority and something you're personally focused on. I'm just trying to get a sense, I think the question was also related to the urgency and how you're feeling the urgency now relative to maybe a few quarters ago, how things have evolved for Opdivo and Yervoy is, has there been a change in the desire to pursue business development and especially in terms of size, maybe something bigger as opposed to something smaller to diversify the company? And then the second one, would just love to get some updated thoughts from you on all the debate around drug pricing. I know we're going to hear more from the President later this afternoon but just maybe from a Bristol perspective, what are your expectations on what is likely to happen, what may be likely not to happen, and where should we focus as investors? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Vamil. So, a couple of things. Stepping back and going back to my comments at the beginning, when I think about where we are today as a company, there is very strong momentum in the business. We obviously operate in very competitive markets, which I acknowledge, and there is good momentum going into next year with a significant number of potential growth opportunities looking at the medium and long term. In that context, business development has always been a priority for us and it is an important priority today and many of the lenses that we've put on the types of business development opportunities that we look at remain valid, scientific from the perspective of areas we know well where we can develop truly transformational science. They need to be strategically aligned with areas where we already have presence and expertise, and obviously it needs to make sense financially. So, there is a clear focus on BD, but I think the elements of that focus must be put in the context of a significant set of internal opportunities that have not really changed qualitatively in the past, as I said. From a pricing perspective, my point of view is that we're very early and it's difficult to predict how many of the policies being discussed by the administration will evolve, both in terms of the policies themselves and the way they're implemented. From our perspective, what's important, it's a couple of things. It's important that patients continue to have access to medicines they need for very serious diseases. I think it is important to focus on policies that address the issue of patient out-of-pocket cost and affordability, which is really important to us. And the third very important thing is that as a company and as an industry, we are very open to dialogue with the administration in order to progress new policies forward in a way that really benefits patients. But it's difficult for me to comment on specifics because it's very early.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Vickie, can we go to our last question?
Operator: Yes. Our last question today will come from Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good mornings, guys. Thanks for the question. Tom, on your strategy in I-O, you guys have optimized Nivo-Ipi combos and you've added many other doublets, including IL-2 to the mix, but it takes some time though to optimize these before Phase III. So, my question is, has your urgency or the hurdle rate to advancing these doublets changed over time? You look at targets like STING or OX40 and it may take a few years to figure out if they're even viable. And then the last question, Tom or Giovanni, I wanted to get more color on the – more context on TMB and the regulatory review. Is it your sense that regulators need more validation or experience in the clinic for TMB? It doesn't appear to be a worry from KOLs, but is the science in your view mature enough for widespread use in the community? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Geoff, thank you. Let me just answer the second question first. I think we made quite a few comments on TMB and Chris can give you some perspective of what we hear from the market. We and prescribers and thought leaders, we're not going to comment on the ongoing interaction with regulators. Chris and then Tom can answer your question on next-generation combos.
Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, let me just give you a sense of what's happening with respect to the use of TMB and the interest in TMB at least based on what we're hearing. So, right now, TMB testing is around 15% if you look in frontline lung cancer, and there's been a slight uptick on that in the U.S., but that's a rough percentage of the patients who have been tested and have an evaluable TMB status. As you think about the dynamics in the marketplace right now, what you were seeing is lung cancer is becoming a bit more of a segmented market. The interest in – and that's being driven in part by the interest in being able to have specific drugs targeted to specific patients. That's why, for example, you've seen such a rapid increase in PD-L1 testing in the frontline setting. It's also why you are seeing continued interest in TMB as a biomarker. We've seen that increase going back to AACR and certainly at ASCO. It's also, I think, going to continue to be an important consideration for physicians because TMB is clearly telling us something about the prognosis for patients in this setting. And when you do TMB testing, you not only get the TMB results, but you also get a number of other biomarker-related data that could be informative of physician choice. And so, I think there is an organic uptick that you will continue to see an interest in and testing of TMB. But, obviously, we'll have to wait and see how that plays out as more data becomes available and as potentially you have products like Opdivo plus Yervoy, which could be an option for patients with high TMB. Tom?
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Chris, thank you and, Jeff, thanks for your questions. It's obviously something that we think a lot about, and gosh, we talk a lot about in terms of, how do we identify doublets and triplets and quadruplets even that can even make a difference. I'd say a couple things. The first is our field needs to continue to remain grounded in the science and what we're doing in Cambridge, we just recruited Emilyse (59:24) to join Saurabh Saha up in Cambridge to help look at why patients become resistant. I think the concept of studying resistance is going to be extremely important in understanding which doublets make the most sense which combinations beyond CTLA-4 and PD-1 make the most sense. And I think that the other thing that we've learned is the importance of doing good randomized Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies where you've got a control arm so you can isolate the effect of the new drug. I think some good examples of that are what we're doing with CSF1R, in our relationship to be able to look at CSF1R in pancreatic cancer. And this is an area where we've got randomized Phase 2's that are going to be able to tell us and isolate the impact of the new agent that's being added, CCR-25 (01:00:09) being a great example of that as well. I think, Geoff, your concept of urgency is extremely important. I think patients need options. When you look at – if we were looking at CCR-25 (01:00:20) and CSF1R, it's in pancreas, it's in colorectal cancer that's not MSI-high. These are areas that are screaming for innovation and where the market and patients are demanding new options. So I think your question about urgency is very well taken but at the end it's going to be fundamentally grounded in the science.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you. So, in closing, we had a good quarter with strong commercial performance, there's good momentum in the business, we discussed some of the opportunities for growth in 2019 and longer-term opportunities for growth. I want to thank everybody for being on the call, and obviously John and his team are available to continue to answer your questions. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you very much. That does conclude our conference for today. I'd like to thank everyone for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Johanna Mercier - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
Analysts: Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC Olivia Brayer - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jason M. Gerberry - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets (United States) David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC Umer Raffat - Evercore ISI Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Matthew Phipps - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Meyers Squibb 2018 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Jake, and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us on the call today to discuss our second quarter results. With me this morning are Giovanni Caforio, our Chairman and CEO; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer; Tom Lynch, our Chief Scientific Officer. We have Johanna Mercier who runs our U.S. business and Chris Boerner, who runs our international business. Giovanni and Charlie will have prepared remarks, and then Tom, Johanna and Chris will be here for Q&A as well. Before we get started, I'm going to handle the safe harbor language. During the call we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in our SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments today on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations to these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, John, and good morning everyone. I'm proud to speak to you today about a very good second quarter with outstanding performance across the company. Before I talk further, I want to acknowledge the contributions and leadership of Murdo Gordon, whose departure we announced on Monday. As you know, Murdo helped build a high-performing commercial organization, developing some incredibly talented teams and leaders, including Chris and Johanna, who are here with us today. We are in a very strong position, and we will be finalizing a successor for the Chief Commercial Officer shortly. Now, let me discuss the quarter. The results we reported today were driven by strong commercial execution in our key franchises of Opdivo and Eliquis and across our portfolio. As I mentioned, our commercial teams continue to deliver at a superior level in a dynamic and highly competitive environment. At the beginning of the year, I spoke about a focused set of opportunities with Eliquis and Opdivo that we saw driving future growth for the company. Now, at the end of the first half, I'm very pleased with where we are. With Eliquis, I see considerable room for the market to expand, which we saw during the quarter. Eliquis delivered exceptional performance, with continued increased adoption based on the clinical benefits that have made it the leading NOAC. Looking forward, Eliquis is poised to overtake warfarin in the broader oral anti-coagulant class, and I'm confident Eliquis will continue to be an important driver of growth for the company. With Opdivo, earlier this year I described a number of really important opportunities to further establish Opdivo as foundational in multiple lines of therapy and in multiple tumors. We have made good progress in these areas, and I'll focus more on some of these in a moment. For example, the strong launch in first line renal cell cancer builds on our success in second line and reinforces the important role of Opdivo in earlier lines of therapy. Similarly, we saw continued strong uptake for Opdivo in adjuvant melanoma, which is now standard of care in this setting. The role of the Yervoy continues to be important. As you know, the combination of Opdivo plus Yervoy is now approved in three tumors, renal, colorectal and melanoma. In fact this quarter we saw a return to growth of Yervoy in the U.S. compared to Q1, driven by the strong uptake of the first line RCC launch. The rapid uptake we are seeing in the U.S. is a result of strong commercial execution and the compelling overall survival benefit demonstrated in this population by Opdivo plus low dose Yervoy. Knowing the importance of this regimen to patients with RCC, I'm very disappointed to share that we have just learned that we will be receiving a negative opinion from the CHMP in first line renal. We strongly disagree with this opinion and in the interest of patients, we will pursue a re-examination under the EU regulatory process. Tom can provide more color during the Q&A. Strong increased demand for our medicines and not pricing has driven our results. Now, we've all seen the developing discussion on pricing and affordability, which is an important topic for us and for the industry. As a company, we welcome the opportunity to improve the system with a focus on patient affordability and on addressing misaligned incentives in the supply chain. We're following this issue very closely and we are committed to working with the administration. We can answer any specific questions you have later in the call. During the quarter, there was significant scientific advances in immuno-oncology, in particular with the data presented at ASCO. I was pleased to see the evolution in the discussion of tumor mutation burden or TMB and believe that TMB will play a role in lung cancer and more broadly as we further define its value in treatment with I-O agents. In Europe and the U.S. our applications for Opdivo plus Yervoy in first line lung cancer were accepted and remain under regulatory review. Going forward, the role of biomarkers in I-O is an important part of our strategy that we continue to investigate across our pipeline. Looking ahead, we had some very important near term catalysts. For Opdivo, we're looking forward to important data readouts in the next six to 18 months for non-small cell lung cancer, HCC, small cell lung cancer, gastric and head and neck. I'm also excited by the progress with our diversified pipeline and the work we are doing in cardiovascular disease, immunoscience and fibrosis. As you know, we recently signed a collaboration with Janssen for our Factor XIa compound in thrombosis and that is moving forward. Additionally, I'm particularly encouraged by the profile of our TYK2 compound. We believe the mechanism for TYK2 is promising not only in psoriasis where we present data in Europe in September, but in a range of other immunologic disease targets. This is an exciting compound and we expect to start registrational studies in the next few weeks. In closing, we are executing very well and I believe we are focused on the right strategic opportunities for the future. We are investing commercially and in our pipeline to drive growth. And I feel very good about the progress we're making. With that, I'll turn it over to Charlie.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good morning, everyone. We delivered an outstanding quarter highlighted by strong revenue growth. The sales increase of 26% for our prioritized brands was driven by substantial gains in demand for our two key growth franchises, Eliquis and Opdivo. Let me start with Eliquis, which delivered 40% growth during the quarter. Eliquis is already the number one NOAC in the U.S. and in many other important top 10 markets around the world including Germany, France and the UK. As Giovanni said, we soon expect Eliquis to overtake warfarin and become the leading OAC in the U.S. We also continue to see prescription trends that signify further expansion of the NOAC class. For example, in the U.S., we expect significant further decline in warfarin usage as it currently has nearly 40% share of total prescriptions but has only about half of that share of new prescriptions. As NOAC usage expands, we expect Eliquis to maintain its leading position in the class with substantial growth momentum going forward. I'll now turn to our I-O franchise, where in a highly competitive environment we delivered 36% growth for Opdivo during the quarter. In the U.S., this growth is driven primarily by uptake in our new indications, first line renal cell and adjuvant melanoma. For first line renal cell, we've seen rapid adoption of Opdivo with low dose Yervoy. Having just launched in April, this regimen already has roughly 30% share of new patients, making it the leading treatment in the U.S. Uptake of Opdivo in adjuvant melanoma in the U.S. has also been very strong, and this indication is an important opportunity for us. We exited the quarter with Opdivo having close to 70% share. We're also seeing early signs that the compelling efficacy and safety profile, coupled with the four-week dosing option, are driving up treatment rates for early stage melanoma patients. With respect to lung cancer, we've seen our share of second line I-O eligible patients remain stable, despite some expected contraction in the size of the second line lung I-O market. Outside the U.S., where we expect a longer period of stability for the second line market, execution remains strong across our key markets. We have also secured reimbursement for most current indications earlier in the year, and we are preparing for the European launch in adjuvant melanoma, given the positive CHMP opinion. With these trends in mind, we continue to view Opdivo as a growth brand, both this year and in 2019. As Giovanni mentioned, Yervoy has returned to sequential quarterly growth. This is a function of three factors. Firstly, we continue to see leadership for Opdivo/Yervoy in first line melanoma. Secondly, we have now worked through the shift to Opdivo mono in adjuvant melanoma, and lastly and very importantly, the rapid uptake of the Opdivo/Yervoy regiment in renal cell. We've also been encouraged to see first line renal cell driving an expansion of the Yervoy prescriber base, with about 50% of use in renal coming from new prescribers. Now I'd like to highlight a number of items from our non-GAAP P&L. Our gross margin was negatively impacted by product mix, offset by favorable FX compared to Q2 last year. Once the FX favorability in the quarter is excluded, gross margin is roughly unchanged from Q1. As I've described in the past, other income and expense has increased this year, mainly due to diabetes royalties and the recognition of net pension benefits now recorded in other income. Looking forward to the second half of the year, this line will be affected by the loss of the Erbitux royalty in North America at the end of Q3. Regarding OpEx, we remain disciplined in our spending as we continue to drive efficiencies in our MS&A line to facilitate investment in R&D. And finally, with regard to our tax rate, the favorability in the quarter compared to last year is largely due to the impact of U.S. tax reform. Turning to capital allocation where we continue to take a balanced approach, business development remains a top priority for use of capital, as does our commitment to our dividend. I'll now provide some comments on guidance. Based on our strong sales trends in the business, we expect to deliver revenue growth in the mid to high-single digit range. With this in mind and based on strong business performance in the first half of the year, we are increasing our non-GAAP EPS guidance range by $0.20. As always, our guidance assumes current foreign exchange rates. To close, we had a very strong quarter with the Eliquis and Opdivo franchises continuing to drive quality growth. We remain disciplined in prioritizing our resources to the areas that we believe will deliver the highest value. And lastly, we believe our business continues to be well positioned to take advantage of future opportunities. Now I'll turn it back to John to start the Q&A.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Charlie. And, Jake, I think we're ready to go to the Q&A session, please.
Operator: We will begin with Gregg Gilbert with Deutsche Bank.
Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Thanks. A couple. I'll start with Tom, since it was offered that you could expound on the CHMP disappointing decision. Can you put some more meat on the bones there and talk to any read-through there as it relates to other settings and other situations? And secondly on the TYK2 program, obviously, a high bar in that disease state. You've made the decision to spend a lot of money and resource going forward in pivotals. Is route of delivery the key hook there? Or is there more to it than that, Tom? Thanks.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Gregg, thank you for your questions. Let me start off with talking about the renal finding. And we just learned about this yesterday actually from the CHMP. And they offered a negative opinion on study 214. And the basis for their finding or their discussion was really that they did not feel that we had demonstrated the contribution of components sufficiently well to grant this. And they were worried about establishing a precedent in that setting. We believe strongly that the combination of Opdivo/Yervoy is an extremely important regimen, something doctors are going to want to be able to treat their patients with. And when we designed the study, we seriously considered whether or not a single agent arm would make sense. And after discussing with key opinion leaders around the world, we felt it did not make sense given the low single agent activity we had seen. Now, our reaction to this is we're going to proceed with asking for a re-examination and we look forward to a discussion with the CHMP regarding this application. Gregg, I think it's important to note that we don't believe this has any real read-through to other parts of our I-O program. We believe that we have designed studies which are able to position our compounds within a broad market and I'm not worried that the CHMP opinion here really says anything else about any other tumor types down the road at that point. So your second question is regarding TYK2 and very excited about TYK2 and what TYK2 can mean for Bristol-Meyers Squibb. And I think, Gregg, one of the things about TYK2 that really excites me is that it's not just a potential compound for psoriasis. And I think that TYK2 reflects some of the best work that's been done at Bristol-Meyers Squibb. This is really a very clever discovery chemistry picture here, in that what makes TYK2 different from other members of the JAK family inhibitors is that we've gone ahead and we've actually targeted the pseudokinase. And I could not be more proud of what our discovery group has been able to do in targeting the pseudokinase of TYK2. As you know, we'll be presenting data at the European Society (sic) [Academy] (15:46) of Dermatology and Venereology in September of this year and we look forward to a publication in a journal at the same time. I'm not going to go into the details of the data except to say that we think that this will be very impressive data that will make a big impact in the market and it certainly has convinced us that moving forward with a Phase 3 program makes sense. I think, Gregg, it's the oral convenience of a biologic would be a terrific attribute of a drug like this and I think it would make it appealing to patients who are thinking about options in psoriasis. And finally, I think what makes TYK2 particularly exciting is, again, it just doesn't target one pathway. You get both the IL-12/23 pathways as well as interferon. The possibilities in lupus and inflammatory bowel disease, I think, are extremely exciting. So we have a lot of enthusiasm for TYK2 as we move forward and we look forward to sharing that data with you in Europe this fall.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Gregg, this is Giovanni. Maybe just to go back for a second to the discussion about renal in Europe. Obviously, as Tom said, it's disappointing news that we've received. I think it's important for patients that we go forward. I just want to step back and put this into the context of a significant number of growth opportunities we have. Charlie stated clearly we see Opdivo as a growing brand next year and this development, which is still happening, does not change our perspective there.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Gregg. Jake, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Of course. We'll now hear from Jami Rubin, Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Just to follow up on the European decision, maybe, Johanna, from a commercial perspective, how should we think about the commercial opportunity in Europe for renal? Would this or will this still, or I don't know how to think about that, but just in thinking about the sort of opportunity lost, was this about a quarter of the global opportunity for renal? Help us to think about what the revenue opportunity could be, may have been, et cetera. And also just if you could explain the incredible resilience that we're seeing in Opdivo in the second line lung market. You said, Johanna, at our conference that you expected a 30% decline over the next two years. That is much more moderate than I think what the Street is expecting. Can you explain why only a 30% decline and really just what kind of feedback are you getting from physicians? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jami, thank you. This is Giovanni. So let me just, obviously we're not going to be able to elaborate further on the regulatory front. But let me just ask Chris first to give you his perspective on the dynamics in Europe in renal between second and first line. And then Johanna can go back to your question about the evolution of the first line lung cancer market.
Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jami, thanks for the question. Let me just start by saying we're obviously very happy with the growth that we've seen with Opdivo outside of the U.S. It's really been across markets and across indications. As we think about the Opdivo business going forward, really the way I think about it is in two tranches. So first, our base business continues to be strong with Opdivo. We expect the second line lung cancer market to stay relatively stable outside of the U.S., with shares at roughly 40% to 50% range. While we do expect the dynamics of the frontline lung cancer market to impact second line, we won't likely see that until well into 2019 for a number of reasons, notably the timing of regulatory approvals and then access decisions in first line as well as the fact that we didn't see an earlier approval for PD-1 in chemotherapy in first line outside of the U.S. So the second line lung cancer business remains stable. And then beyond lung cancer, we think there are additional opportunities for growth with Opdivo in our base business, notably renal cell. Metastatic melanoma continues to be strong. We're starting to see some uptake of Opdivo plus Yervoy in the metastatic BRAF mutant population. And as we continue to see additional access decisions, we'll see growth in other tumors such as head and neck. Obviously, as we look forward for more significant growth outside of the U.S., that will be based on new indications. We're obviously disappointed with the decision on renal cell. We'll have to await additional regulatory interactions to know what opportunity there will be there. But in the near term, we have opportunities potentially with indications such as adjuvant in melanoma. And then in the longer term, front line lung cancer and have had our cellular opportunities as well. And then clearly, the gating factor for those growth opportunities will be the timing of approvals and access decisions. But we're still very optimistic for the opportunity to grow Opdivo outside the U.S. Johanna?
Johanna Mercier - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good. So, Jami, in regards to second line lung, I think second line lung is absolutely part of our strong base of business in the U.S., and one of the reasons for that is we've been able to maintain our leadership share of about 30%, 35% in a very dynamic market, as you pointed out. We've seen slow erosion of the patient eligibility, as predicted, as we had planned. And it's important to understand kind of like what we spoke to at the Goldman Conference, it's important to understand that the patients today that are on Opdivo actually were on chemo six, nine months ago and have actually progressed into second line. So there's a temporal effect to this. So if you assume that that erosion will accelerate in 2019 because your I-O penetration in first line accelerates in 2018, we are assuming about 70%, 75% of the market penetration in I-O towards the end of this year. That does mean that there's still about 25%, 30% of patients that are actually on chemotherapy in first line that will eventually progress to second line and feed into that second line marketplace. In addition to those chemo patients, you also have some second line plus EGFR out positive patients as well as some I-O retreatment because they have no other options. All of that together represents about 40% to 50% of that patient eligibility, which is the drop from about 80% today and towards end of 2019, which is still a substantial market in second line. And obviously, we get more than our fair share in light of the fact we are market leaders in second line.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Jami, for the questions. Jake, can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Yes. The next question will come from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much for the questions. Just two here. Maybe first on just a little bit more color on OpEx trends for Bristol over time. In the past, you've commented I think flat OpEx in 2020 relative to the 2017 baseline. Are we still on track for that type of spend? And I guess, when we think about PD-1, and more broadly, I-O investment in R&D, when do we think about that? Is that starting to peak or at least plateau over the next year or two? Or should we continue to see a ramp in spend on that piece of the business? My second quick question was just can you run through Opdivo sales by indication at this point, both U.S. and ex-U.S.? And just specifically, where does lung stand as a percent of your sales at this point? Thanks so much.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, so Chris, how are you doing? So regarding OpEx, we've been pretty consistent in how we have really driven resource allocation across the company, and really as you saw in last year and as you saw in our guidance this year, really managing MS&A and improving that year over year and also then increasing what we feel is the lifeblood of our industry and particularly our company in R&D. Since we gave the original guidance back in 2016 regarding flat OpEx, it assumed no additional BD opportunities and no enlargement of our oncology portfolio. In addition, where we were at with our earlier assets. So as you know, between Halozyme and Nektar and the expansion of our initiation of earlier and mid-stage trials, we have increased our OpEx. But we continue to manage it in those areas where we feel will drive the highest value for BMS.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Johanna?
Johanna Mercier - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yes. So, Chris, in regards to the business mix, let me start with the U.S. and then Chris will cover international. Across our I-O franchise, our lung business is about 35%, so that's kind of diminished a little bit and that's because our melanoma and renal business are increasing in light of some of the launches such as adjuvant in melanoma and also in renal. And what's interesting here is that if you look at Opdivo and Yervoy together you're looking at about 35% of our mix is melanoma, so in line with what our lung mix is. And then about 20% for renal, 5% for head and neck and a little bit of all others in the bottom five, ten parts. Chris.
Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah. Chris, let me just take the allocation of business outside of the U.S. It's a little bit different than in the U.S. Approximately 50% of our business ex-U.S. is in lung cancer. That reflects a couple of things. First, the timing off of our approval and access decisions as being later than what we had in the U.S., but also the strength of our business in lung cancer vis-a-vis competition, resulting from the timing of our approval in second line and the success that we've had on the access side. So it's about 50% of our business is lung cancer, 15% to 20% of our business is in renal cell and approximately 20% of our business in is melanoma. And that piece, as you will note, a bit lower than what we see in the U.S. and that's reflective of the fact that we don't yet have adjuvant melanoma in our label outside of the U.S.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So I think that's a good summary from U.S. and international, Chris, that confirms that we are effectively diversifying the revenue base within Opdivo and Yervoy across tumor types. And we have a very balanced set of opportunities now with some of the franchises for Opdivo and Yervoy growing very rapidly, driven by new indications, and it's become a very diversified franchise, which is important obviously.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Chris. Can we go to the next question, please, Jake?
Operator: Of course. We'll hear from Geoff Meacham with Barclays.
Olivia Brayer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. This is Olivia Brayer on for Geoff. Thanks for taking the questions. I just have a couple. With regards to Eliquis expansion, are expectations still that Eliquis should experience continued growth until warfarin's declining share hits around 10%? Do you continue to see a linear relationship on TRx trends? And where is NRx relative to that? Just curious how you're thinking about that market. And then turning back to lung, with the upcoming PDUFA date in first line early next year, can you provide us some sort of color on ongoing launch preparations and where your expectations lie after AACR and ASCO? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you. So both questions, I would say let me just give you my perspective. I'm very pleased with where we are with Eliquis as both Charlie and I mentioned. We are continuing to see Eliquis having significant potential incremental growth opportunity. There is more in terms of growth coming from the cannibalization of warfarin and that is now happening around the world. But most importantly, all of that, most of that growth really is enabling us as the leading brand in the NOAC segment to grow very rapidly. So Johanna, why don't you comment on Eliquis.
Johanna Mercier - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Sure. Thanks, Giovanni. So thanks, Olivia, for your question. I think Eliquis, as Giovanni mentioned, just incredible growth story. We're still growing at between, anywhere between 35%, 40% growth year on year after six years of launch, and we are now closing the gap to overtake warfarin as the number one NOAC. And that should happen within the coming weeks. So the opportunity as you think about the TRx and the NBRx, you still have about 36% of TRx for warfarin in the U.S. NBRx is about 22%. I think what's important here is actually look at cardiologists. Cardiologists are actually the leading indicator for us of what's going to happen. And where you see the TRx and NBRx with cardiology for warfarin, about 20 points. And so there's still a big opportunity today to really continue to erode the market share for warfarin and of course, Eliquis being number one gets more than its fair share. I think that's one piece of the puzzle from a market opportunity. I also think we're thinking about market expansion opportunities as well. As you think about, there's still 30% of those TRx patients on warfarin that are actually uncontrolled. There is about 1 million patients that are diagnosed and not treated and then there's about another 1 million that are actually just undiagnosed. And so I think important market opportunities for the future as well. So I do believe that we will continue to grow this brand, and we are currently on that linear trend that you referred to.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: I think what's good also there is that what you heard from Johanna is very consistent with what's happening internationally. You look at France, you look at Germany, the key markets for this brand, we are in a leading position across the board. The access environment in France has actually improved significantly now, and we have opportunity because Eliquis will be able to be used in the first line setting now with the evolution of the reimbursement situation there. So I think the future is very positive there consistently across the board. With respect to your question on launch readiness for lung, I would just probably say that we've demonstrated with every one of our launches the strong commercial execution of our organization. And every one of the launches we've executed has been very successful. So I'm very confident in the capabilities of our commercial organization. I'm actually really happy that we are seeing a strong penetration of renal because that is an Opdivo plus low dose Yervoy indication. And you've heard about the good uptake in renal in the U.S. What's important there is that about 50% of the prescribers are prescribers that did not have experience with Yervoy in melanoma. So that will broaden significantly the experience base and the adoption of the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy has been quite good.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Olivia. Jake, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. We will now hear from Jason Gerberry with Bank of America.
Jason M. Gerberry - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to come back to in the U.S., the first line, second line lung dynamics. We've done some survey work that suggested, I actually kind of confirmed what you guys were saying that it seems like community oncologists still plan on using chemotherapy only in the front line setting in about 20% to 30% of their patients within two years from now. And so I'm just wanting to get a better sense, why is that? Do you feel like that's just community oncologists being slow to change? Do you think that that's likely to reverse after two years? Just trying to get your general sense how sticky that is and how that's going to ultimately alter the first line, second line dynamics in lung. Thanks.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Jason, let me give that a stab as a oncologist, as someone who practiced oncology for a long time. I think that when you have new therapies, uptake is variable, depending upon different groups of oncologists. I do think there will still be patients who won't get I-O first line for a number of reasons. And if you look at the penetration of any new therapy, it rarely gets to above 70% to 80% right away. So I'm actually not surprised that there are doctors who still continue to go with first line treatment with chemotherapy. And the other key thing is a lot of physicians like to keep in reserve a great second line therapy as well. And that's been something that we've seen over the years with Taxol/Taxotere and even EGFR inhibitors where people have held back on using them altogether. So I'm actually not surprised by seeing that, by the behavior of physicians in this setting. And I think it's something that accounts for some of the dynamics that's you're seeing.
Johanna Mercier - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And maybe just to add to that, what we're seeing when you think about all of the other tumors that I-O has penetrated, you're looking at a penetration rate of I-O anywhere between 60% and 70%. So even if you take second line lung as a proxy, there's no more than 70% penetration after a couple of years on the marketplace. And so that's just within the I-O marketplace. And what we were just referring to just a little bit earlier, if you go outside of oncology, you look at warfarin and you look at the products that are available on the marketplace that their profiles are so much stronger, you still have 40% TRx of warfarin.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Johanna. Thanks, Tom.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Jason, for the question.
Jason M. Gerberry - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jake, can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: We will now hear from Andrew Baum with Citi. Go ahead, please.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Thank you. A couple of questions, please. Firstly, could you tell us the last time you had a look at the 568 dataset and when we should expect the presentation of that data? I understand competitive issues, but my initial sense was it's going to be before the end of this year. But that seems to have moved. The second question is to Giovanni. Given the President's, the proposal that's been sent to the President in relation to either negating or amending rebates, could you share with us your understanding of the extent of the proposal, as much as you have any additional information, whether it is just within federal plans, whether you think PBMs would extend any change to federal plans to commercial book of business? Any sense on potential timing of impact? And I appreciate the uncertainty here. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Andrew. Tom, why don't you start on 568.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Andrew, thank you for the question on 568. So let's just think about what is 568 and why do we do 568. So 568 was a study that was initially a practice-informing study, a study that looked at Opdivo/Yervoy in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. It enabled us to get some translational data that we were able to use to help support the development of TMB as a biomarker. We then amended that study to add an important safety lead-in on 568. And so we were able to amend it to look at the two cycles of chemotherapy along with Opdivo/Yervoy, which became the basis for study 9LA. And as you know, study 9LA is our study which will be done in front line non-small cell lung cancer and we hope to have data by the end of the next year on study 9LA, large randomized trial looking at the potential advantage of two cycles of chemotherapy given with Opdivo/Yervoy in that setting. The safety lead-in that was done suggested the safety profile was compatible with something which would be acceptable in this patient population. And then when one looks at the data so far, we have accrued approximately 500 patients in 9LA and we have not seen any untoward safety readouts yet that have changed our opinion about this. So we think 568 has been a very helpful study to us in the development of these other indications. Andrew, in terms of presentation of that data, we have not yet decided upon the appropriate venue for presenting that. We will continue to watch the data mature and we look forward to presenting it at a future medical meeting.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Tom. Andrew, so very important question here. I'd like to make maybe three points. So the first one that I'd like to make is that we agree with the need for change. If you look at dynamics in the market today at a time in which rebates continue to increase, net price of medicines in many cases are not growing versus prior years. There is increased out-of-pocket cost for patients and affordability for patients is an issue. So it's clearly important to look at that issue. It's important to look at the fact that incentives in the supply chain have become misaligned with the interest of patients and so we agree that there is a need to change there. The second point that I would like to make is that we are working with the administration. We are really looking to continue to work with the administration on these topics. I think it's very early to speculate what changes will be. There definitely is a need to look at rebates and the comments I made before. Looking at the past, in some cases changes in the Medicare space have over time translated into a change in dynamics in the commercial space, but again, I think at this point it's very early. It would be speculation. I think what we want to see is a system that evolves and looks at three priorities. The first one is we want innovation to be rewarded and the market to be driven by market forces. We want patient affordability to be the driver of any change, and we definitely support that incentives are realigned. And these are all elements where there is a potential to cooperate with the administration and work together and really think about what changes are needed in the system. The third point that I'd like to make is that as an innovation company with very innovative differentiated medicines in areas of high unmet medical need, we are very well positioned. And when you look at our growth in the first half of this year, significant growth across our prioritized brands, it's all volume because net prices were flat for the first six months of the year and the growth that we are experiencing net in the U.S. was really driven by volume. I would say we have made a decision. We are not going to take price increases in the second part of this year. I think this is an important time when we're working through some really important potential changes to the market. I believe there will be the need for transition periods and in the interest of patients, I'm pretty sure that all parties will be working through the right transition time. But I believe that we at BMS are very well positioned because of our medicines and you see that reflected in our performance.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Andrew, thanks for the question. Jake, can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: We'll hear now from Alex Arfaei with BMO Capital Markets.
Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you very much and good morning. A couple of questions on I-O, if I may. Tom, how do you think about the competitive horizon in first line RCC? We've seen some encouraging data from PD-1 plus TKIs. I think that there's sets of pivotal data out next year. And even Keytruda monotherapy had some interesting data with 38% response rates at ASCO. So wondering if you think the early impressive launch in RCC will be sustainable? And then I'm wondering if you could provide your latest comments on the NKTR-214 data, now that the dust has settled after ASCO. There was some confusion around that data that I think still persists. Thank you.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Alex. So starting off, let's talk about renal cell. I could not be happier with the way that the community physicians, academic physicians have reacted to the study 214. We think this is an extremely important trial that demonstrated really for the first time that there was a therapy that could beat Sutent. It's a very active TKI in renal cell carcinoma. So I'm delighted with the launch of Opdivo/Yervoy. It's low-dose Yervoy in this setting and it's being well accepted by doctors and patients and we're delighted to so that. However, I think, Alex, as you point out, this is not the end of the evolution of therapy in renal cell carcinoma. When I think of my own practice and I think back when to when I first treated renal cell carcinoma 30 years ago, we were using single agent, Velban. So we've come remarkably far in this time in how we approach this. I am impressed with some of the data with the PD-1s and the TKIs. Obviously, this is early data. We have a trial that we're doing with cabo and Opdivo that we look forward to pursuing, our study 9ER, which will be looking at a PD-1 plus a TKI. I think there may turn out to be a population of patients where a PD-1 plus a TKI will be important. But I think Opdivo/Yervoy will continue to play a very important role in renal cell carcinoma moving forward. And I think a lot like you're seeing in lung cancer, I think you will see the market continue to segment where different patients may be treated with different approaches depending upon the characteristics molecularly and the characteristics of the patient as we move forward. So again, look forward to more data in renal cell carcinoma as we move forward. Now, another place we might get some data in renal cell carcinoma is with NKTR-214, which is your second question, and where do we stand with NKTR-214. So, let me just start off by saying that I am extremely enthusiastic about NKTR-214 because of the fact that it's one of the proven mechanisms in I-O. There really are only three drugs that have been shown to improve outcome in I-O and that's the PD-1 class, that's the CTLA-4 class, and that's IL2. With the NKTR compound, the pegylation process, we have the ability to still deliver the T-cell stimulation which is crucial within the tumor, at the same time possibly increasing the Treg population in the periphery which has the ability to potentially ameliorate side effects. So mechanistically, I think there's a lot of reasons to pursue this agent and pursue the development of this agent. So what have we seen so far? We've seen some encouraging data in melanoma that's led to the design of a Phase 3 trial which you will see soon on clinicaltrials.gov. And we hope that that trial will start accruing very soon. You'll also see by the end of the year the design of a study in renal cell and the design of a study in bladder cancer based on our initial evaluation of the Phase 2 data in PIVOT-02, a study that's being run by Nektar but which we are working very closely with them in as we move forward. So I think that NKTR has terrific promise. I look forward to seeing the evolution of other tumor types. As you know, we have an agreement with Nektar to look at up to nine different tumor types in this setting. So I look forward to seeing how this evolves and seeing where this makes a difference. But just to put your two questions together, it may well be that NKTR-214 plus Opdivo eventually one day plays a role in renal cell carcinoma.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Alex for the questions. Jake, can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Yes, now we will hear from Dave Risinger with Morgan Stanley.
David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much. I have two questions, please. First, you provided an update on 9LA, mentioning that you continue to expect the timing for readout to be late 2019. Just wondering if you have any additional comments on the 227 readouts ahead for TMB overall survival and PDL-1 positive overall survival. And then my second question is could you please comment on the evolution of gross margin going forward? Obviously it depends upon mix but it's difficult to assess whether one should be forecasting gross margin improvement in any future years. Thanks so much.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Dave, thank you for your question. I'll answer the first part of it since I tend to probably contribute to the decay of gross margin in the company rather than the growth of gross margin in the company. So first, to your question on 9LA. So on 9LA, again, this is something we're very enthusiastic about as a approach. As you know, it's two cycles of chemotherapy along with Opdivo/Yervoy, so combining what we believe to be perhaps the most potentially effective regimen in this setting. We have decided to increase the accrual slightly of this study. It was accruing extremely well, and so the accrual has gone from about 500 patients to about 700 patients. Again as you know, Dave, these are event-driven occurrences, and so we think the readout's going to be in late 2019. But again, if the events happen quicker or slower, that could certainly impact when that readout would occur at this point. Regarding 227, there are a couple of places where 227's going to produce some data. So the first would be overall survival in 227 in the PD-L1 positive group from part 1A of this trial – from part 1 of this trial – part 1A of this trial. We expect that data, again, we haven't seen any survival data from that. That's been looked at by our data safety monitoring committee. It's event driven. As we've been saying, we think that's probably early 2019. But again, it could be sooner. It could be a little bit later than that. And then finally, the other part of your question would be the overall survival from part 2 of 227, which again is chemotherapy. It's our Opdivo chemotherapy regimen versus chemo. We expect that to be early 2019, again, Dave, with the caveat that this is an event-driven process, could be a little bit sooner, could be a little bit later.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Hey, Dave. This is Charlie. Regarding your question, gross margin, you're right. Mix will always play a big part of our gross margin evolution. As I mentioned in my comments, the sequential gross margin from first quarter to second quarter was benefited by FX. We don't expect that same impact to happen for the back half of this year and will remain within our guidance of roughly 70% for gross margin. Moving forward, as I mentioned in the last quarter, we're predicting now that our gross margin going forward, we're sort of at the trough now of gross margin. So as you've seen over the last several years, we've had, primarily because of mix, the strong growth of Eliquis, we've had margin degradation, but we feel that we're now bottoming out on that gross margin.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Dave, for the questions. Can we go to the next question please, Jake?
Operator: You'll now hear from Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. I'd like to follow up on Chris's question on operating expenses and apologies if I didn't catch the answer. But given the new needs on which to spend, what would be the new guidance versus the prior guidance of flat operating expenses in 2016 through 2020? So for instance, should we look for low-single-digit growth in operating expenses? And second, why do you think the first line lung Opdivo plus Yervoy filing using TMB based on CheckMate-227 did not get a priority review from the FDA? And did Bristol ask for one? It seems that TMB offers a differentiated approach, a very useful approach, and I'm just wondering why the FDA didn't see it that way. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Steve, so I'll ask Charlie to comment. But broadly speaking, we are not providing new guidance. We're not really changing guidance with respect to OpEx. We've always said we saw that roughly flat in the period. We also discussed the fact that we would fund incremental opportunities as needed, and we feel we are executing against that.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah. I think you may have heard most of my comments earlier where we are continuing to decrease in MS&A, and we've continued to invest in R&D. And when we gave guidance, we excluded BD, and we've had a number of different BD opportunities, the most notable ones of size were Halozyme and Nektar as we think about it going forward. But broadly Steve, I would look at it that we will leverage our business though going forward. So we will be growing our sales at a higher rate than we will be growing our OpEx.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Difficult to speculate on interactions with regulatory authorities. Steve, obviously the lung cancer market is a very dynamic market. We do agree with you on the potential value of TMB and the fact that it is important to really be thinking about different approaches in segmenting the lung cancer market. But ultimately, the decision on submissions stays with the FDA, and as Tom mentioned, we are working with regulatory authorities around the world.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Steve, thanks for the questions. Jake, can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: You'll now hear from Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat - Evercore ISI: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my questions. I had two on CheckMate-227 if I may. First, did you contemplate filing I-O chemo from the Part 1b of CheckMate-227s in the PD-L1 low? And I ask because I wonder if regulators could potentially be open to the idea despite the staff plan change. Just wanted to get your thoughts on that first. Secondly, now that 227 has been filed for the I-O, I-O and TMB high, and we've seen CHMP be extremely rigorous and stringent with the extent to which they've drilled down biomarkers by subgroups, my question is have you looked at data on 227 by more onerous TMB cutoffs? Like TMB above 20 versus TMB 10 to 19? Because what I'm trying to get as is do you foresee any risk to CHMP limiting the indication to a more narrow one in first line lung? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tom.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So let's take both of these. So, Umer, thanks for your questions on 227. So the first part is, and again, we're not going to comment on our discussions with the regulators, except to announce major decisions that they reach. What I will say about 227 Part 1b, we were very happy at ASCO to present that data and that gave us the opportunity to really share some important findings in the evolution of the treatment of lung cancer. And I've said, one of the things we've said, Umer, from the very beginning of this process, is that the treatment of lung cancer will continue to segment and that we think that there are multiple approaches that are going to be important for patients. And we learned in, as you point out in Part 1b of 227 some important things. We learned that Opdivo chemo has a benefit in PD-L1 negative patients, which is we think as good, if not better, than what other groups have produced in a similar patient population. We also learned if you're TMB high PD-L1 negative, you may actually do better with Opdivo/Yervoy in that setting. That was another part of the ASCO presentation. And then finally, a finding that I think is going to be important to see evolve in the marketplace is if you're PD-L1 negative TMB negative, it doesn't appear that you learn a heck of a lot, that you benefit a heck of a lot from being treated with I-O in that setting. So I share your enthusiasm for the data from 227 Part 1b and we look forward to seeing how that evolves. Regarding your second question on the cut-offs for TMB, as you know, we use a number of sources. We use patients from study 568 as well as patients from study 026 to be able to generate the curves that suggested that a TMB of 10 was the appropriate cutoff for patients being treated with I-O, I-O therapy in that setting. And again, we look forward to the discussions with regulatory authorities around that. As you know, we don't discuss the nature of how those discussions are evolving at this time.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Umer, for the questions. Can we go to the next one please, Jake?
Operator: Yes, you'll now hear from Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse.
Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks so much for taking the questions. So just two slightly different topics from what's been covered. One, you recently got approval for Opdivo in China. And I'm just wondering how you think about pricing there, especially as we see more PD-1s enter that market including some from potential Chinese companies. So curious how you think pricing might hold up there in that large market. And then the second one more on the Eliquis side. You recently announced a collaboration with J&J on the Phase 2 Factor XI inhibitor. And I'm just curious, the thinking there given how well the collaboration with Pfizer seems to be going now on Eliquis, the decision to shift gears and move to a different partner for the Factor XI. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Chris, do you want to discuss China?
Christopher S. Boerner - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Sure, I'd be happy to. So thanks for the question. We're obviously very happy with the approval of Opdivo in second line lung cancer in China earlier this quarter. Lung cancer, as you may know, is a significant public health issue in China and this is an exciting opportunity. Unfortunately, many of the patients who are diagnosed with lung cancer in China are diagnosed very late in the disease and so there's a real need for drugs like Opdivo that improve overall survival in that setting. We're obviously not going to comment on price at this point. We are in the process of submitting pricing materials to health authorities. We can't comment on the specifics. However, as is true in other markets, we would think about price here to reflect the value of Opdivo in this market and recognize the high unmet need in China. Price is one of the complexities of this market. It's obviously a potentially large opportunity. However, I think it is important to recognize some of the realities of the China health care system. This is a very large and highly fragmented market in China where basic availability to care is still somewhat of an issue. While the access environment has improved over time, this continues to be an evolving landscape. Opdivo will launch into a cash pay market before we secure, ultimately, provincial and national reimbursement. And as you point out, there's going to be competition in this space, both from multinationals as well as from local competitors. All of that notwithstanding, we're excited about the potential opportunity for Opdivo in this space and very much look forward to working with Chinese health authorities to make the product available later this year.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Chris. Vamil, just on the Factor XIa agreement, obviously we believe that has the potential to be a first-in-class and a best-in-class program. It's early days. It's going into Phase 2, and we're quite excited about partnership with Johnson. If you think about it, the two companies together today have great experience in thrombosis. And obviously, for any program, this was a partnership we discussed with many companies. We're just very happy that we were able to sign an agreement with Johnson because of the combined experience of the two companies in cardiovascular. So we look forward to advancing this. This is a great opportunity we have to expand our presence in cardiovascular disease over a longer period of time. And I think it's an important program for us.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks. Jake, I think we have time for two more questions, please.
Operator: Now we'll move to John Boris with SunTrust.
John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks for taking the questions. First couple for Tom just on the NKTR-214 program, clearly, nine indications. When you think through the indications that you go into first, Tom, in terms of probability of success, how are you thinking about the tumor types? And have they changed or evolved over time? On the Factor XIa, can you give some commentary about how you plan on differentiating the product relative to current standard of care within the class? And then last question, just on the commercial side of the U.S. Appreciate the color you gave on the U.S. market breakdown by tumor type. But can you discuss the academic centers and how they're using Opdivo/Yervoy, in particular, in the academic centers and how that might be over time influencing community centers? Thanks.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, John, thank you. Just with NKTR, I think we'd just emphasize what I said earlier about NKTR. I think we've decided to proceed in melanoma, renal and bladder. And we're going to follow the data where it emerges in these other areas as well. So I think it's difficult to know until we see where the data emerges which of the other tumor types are going to be most likely to benefit in that setting. But we keep a very open mind to that. Second question regarding Factor XIa, our initial work with Factor XIa will be in the area of secondary stroke prevention. And we look forward to working with our partners at Janssen to be able to develop this compound. As you know, the field of anti-coagulation is quite broad. There are many areas where there's unmet medical need. And we will continue to look for that. There are reasons to believe that Factor XIa may actually have a superior profile to the Factor X inhibitors. We don't know this yet. But we have to see how the data emerges with time. And secondary stroke prevention will be our first place of looking at that.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Johanna, on academic centers.
Johanna Mercier - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah. So to your question, John, I think it's important to look at is actually metastatic melanoma in our combination with O plus Yervoy, as well as in first line renal in the recent launch that we've just had. I think what's been interesting to see is metastatic melanoma, you're seeing definitely a little bit more from a academic standpoint than community. We were assuming the same thing in first line renal. We've been pleasantly surprised. And I think that supports the strong uptake that you've heard about in how we're already the number one treatment for first line renal. And that is that we've seen a real mix between both academia and community. So a lot of these folks are trying it. And I think for the first time, as mentioned by Giovanni earlier, about 50% are new users of the combination of Opdivo and low dose Yervoy. I think that's really interesting because the overlap of the treaters, the targets, the target treaters, is actually 80% when you think about renal to lung. And as you think about lung and potential future indication of Opdivo/low dose Yervoy, I think that's an interesting piece in just making sure that we build that experience across academia as well as community.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Johanna. Great. Jake, can we go to our last question, please?
Operator: Yes. And our final question will come from Matt Phipps with William Blair.
Matthew Phipps - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Two kind of earlier clinical questions for Tom. Obviously, we've seen a little bit of a return to growth of Yervoy from the new indications, but you do have two kind of slightly different CTLA-4 compounds in earlier stages, fairly large trials. When do you think we see some results from that? And are those large enough where, once you have a confidence signal, you can really advance that straightforward, almost supplanting Yervoy with combinations of Opdivo? Or is there room for multiple of those compounds to move forward? And then also, an interesting orphan drug designation for your fixed-dose combination of the LAG-3 antibody with lirilumab with nivolumab in gastric cancer. Can you comment at all on the strategy for a fixed-dose combination there?
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Matt, thank you. So a couple questions. So as you may have picked up from prior calls, I'm very enthusiastic about CTLA-4 as a target. I think it's a very important target in cancer, and I think we have the opportunity with both the CytomX Probody compound of CTLA-4 and the non-fucosylated CTLA-4 that we have to really expand upon the therapeutic index of our anti-CTLA-4 program. So I share your enthusiasm for them. Both of these drugs are in early phase trials. They're still in Phase 1 trials at this point. So we really don't know what the promise of these drugs will be until we sort of see what the profile is coming out of Phase 1. But I would imagine that you can look at this as potentially expanding the role of what CTLA-4 can do in cancer. The second question is about LAG-3. We think LAG-3 is a potentially very interesting compound. It addresses the concept of T-cell exhaustion, and we presented some data last year in melanoma with Opdivo and LAG-3 in patients with previously-treated melanoma. We look forward to seeing that data emerge. But we also think that gastric cancer might be a place where LAG-3 could have a role. And the ability to have a fixed-dose combination of Opdivo plus our LAG-3 lirilumab compound offers a very interesting therapeutic approach in that setting, and we look forward to getting that Phase 2 trial up and running.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Matt, and thanks everyone. Again, this was a quarter that pointed to very, very strong execution in the first half of the year. There is good momentum in the business going into the second half. We have a number of important catalysts that we're looking forward with, and I am feeling pretty good about where the company is today. Thanks everyone for participating in the call.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
Analysts: Jason M. Gerberry - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Umer Raffat - Evercore ISI Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Matthew Phipps - William Blair & Co. LLC Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2018 first quarter results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Lauren, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining the call to discuss our Q1 results. With me this morning are Giovanni Caforio, Chief Executive Officer; Charlie Bancroft, Chief Financial Officer; Murdo Gordon, Chief Commercial Officer; and Tom Lynch, our Chief Scientific Officer. Giovanni and Charlie will have prepared remarks and obviously Tom and Murdo will be here for the Q&A. Before I turn it over to Giovanni, let me read the Safe Harbor language. During this call we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. The forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also be focusing our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Today we reported a strong first quarter, and I'm proud of the performance across the company. We delivered superior commercial execution in a competitive environment, made progress against significant growth opportunities in oncology, and continued to strengthen our diversified pipeline. First, let me discuss AACR, which was an important meeting that highlighted the rapidly advancing science in I-O, which was very good news for patients. I am proud of our teams and the important role we played in advancing the science with a new biomarker. I believe that personalized medicine will become increasingly important. And TMB has a role to play in helping to identify patients who can benefit from I-O-based treatments. We see an important opportunity to deliver a chemo sparing option in a defined set of patients and are encouraged by the deep and durable responses seen in study CheckMate-227. At the same time, I acknowledge the competitive dynamics coming out of AACR, which I'm sure we will discuss later. I'm also proud of our commercial and scientific results this quarter. As I've said before, Eliquis and Opdivo are key franchises for the company and continue to deliver strong performance. Eliquis is well established as the leading NOAC and is now on track to overtake warfarin this year. Real world data is further characterizing the benefits of Eliquis. And we saw good results with ARISTOPHANES, a large real world study presented at ACC in March. Opdivo delivered strong performance, maintaining leading shares across approved indications in melanoma, RCC, lung, and head and neck. Additionally, we are pleased with the launch trajectory in adjuvant melanoma and see continued growth for this indication going forward. As I mentioned earlier this year, RCC is one of the significant billion-dollar-plus growth opportunities for Opdivo. And we are excited with the recent approval of Opdivo plus Yervoy in first-line RCC in the U.S. Anticipating this approval, the teams have been preparing and are ready to support a strong launch, building on our success in second line. In addition, we secured FDA and EU approval for the four-week dosing regimen to improve convenience for patients using Opdivo. And we've seen significant interest in both academic settings and community oncologists. We also received two Priority Reviews for Opdivo, as a third-line therapy for small cell lung cancer and in combination with Yervoy as a second-line treatment for adults with certain forms of metastatic colorectal cancer. These are important opportunities to potentially broaden the indications for Opdivo. We continue to source the best science in oncology, both internally and externally. And we were active in strategic business development in the quarter. In oncology, our collaboration with Nektar adds a third validated I-O pathway that has demonstrated a clinical benefit for patients. We look forward to new data at ASCO on this promising agent. There were many scientific updates in the quarter. And I know you have questions about the recent developments with IDO. Based on the Incyte announcement as well as data from our own IDO program, we are rationalizing our overall IDO program, ensuring we prioritize resources across the portfolio. We can answer specific questions during our Q&A. We also advanced our diversification strategy in the quarter, with good progress in our pipeline. First, our TYK2 inhibitor is advancing towards registrational studies, and we are planning to present data in psoriasis later this year. We also announced an important collaboration with Janssen in the area of thrombosis. We look forward to working with Janssen to develop and commercializing new treatments from thrombotic disease based on our growing understanding of Factor XIa. In closing, the company had a strong quarter, where we delivered excellent commercial performance, broadened our Opdivo business, and brought forward innovative science that positions us well for the future. I am confident in our strategy and the many significant growth opportunities we have with Eliquis and Opdivo, where we look forward to important data readouts from Phase III studies in lung, liver, gastric, and head and neck cancers in the next 12 to 18 months. I'm also excited with the progress we are seeing across the disease areas in our pipeline, with important medicines advancing in development to support our long-term sustainable growth. Thank you. Now I'll turn it over to Charlie.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good morning, everyone. As Giovanni just described, we delivered very strong financial results during the quarter, driven by robust performance across our key brands. Our prioritized brands were up 21%, driven by strong performance for Opdivo and Eliquis. In the quarter, we also had a 4% benefit on revenues due to foreign exchange. Starting with our I-O franchise. As Giovanni mentioned, our commercial organization continues to execute at a high level in intensely competitive markets. During the quarter, sales of Opdivo were $1.5 billion, with growth driven by strong demand. Sales also benefited by approximately $40 million from stocking due to the launch of the 240 mg vial in the U.S. While we continue to drive leading share across our key indication, we've also broadened our indication set, with second-line lung share remaining roughly stable, approximately 60% of U.S. sales now come from non-lung indications. We are seeing rapid uptake in new indications, such as adjuvant melanoma and strong enthusiasm for the launch of Opdivo and low dose Yervoy in first-line renal cell. Outside the U.S., execution remains strong in markets such as Germany, France, Italy, and Japan. At this point, we've reached reimbursement coverage for major indications in almost all key markets. We are well positioned to expand our indication set internationally with new potentials approval for adjuvant melanoma and first-line RCC. With respect to Yervoy, as we discussed on our Q4 earnings call, we have seen pressure from the rapid uptake of Opdivo in adjuvant melanoma. Exiting the quarter, trends have begun to stabilize. And the outlook for the back half of the year remains positive, with continued leadership of the combination in first-line metastatic melanoma and the first-line RCC launch with low dose Yervoy. Now turning to Eliquis, which delivered exceptional performance, as it further expanded its leadership position in the U.S. with over 52% share of total prescriptions in the NOAC market. Sequential sales in the U.S. were driven by a 10% increase in total scripts and from the positive effects of the lower Medicare coverage gap when compared to Q4 of last year. Internationally, Eliquis sales grew 54%, as it continues to be the number one NOAC among cardiologists across a growing number of markets around the world. Eliquis has become the foundational product for stroke reduction in AFib and its best-in-class clinical profile supported by real-world data positions it for sustained growth and leadership. Based on current script trends, we expect Eliquis to surpass warfarin later this year in TRx, an important milestone. With respect to other products, Sprycel script trends remain steady despite competition from generic imatinib. Sales, however, were negatively impacted during the quarter by lower inventory and lower average net selling prices. Now I'd like to highlight a few items from our non-GAAP P&L. In the quarter, gross margin was down approximately 460 basis points compared to the same time last year, primarily as a result of mix and to a lesser extent, foreign exchange. With regard to expenses, we continue to drive efficiencies in MS&A while prioritizing our resources behind high value opportunities. As we've discussed, we expected other income and expense to increase this year with a step-up in the AZ royalty rate, restructuring of non-Amylin royalties, and the recognition of net pension benefits now recorded in other income. In regard to our tax rate, there are a few items that are affecting our rate for the quarter and the expected range of 17% to 18% for the year. First, we have favorable jurisdictional earnings mix. And under the new tax code, we are seeing a lower than expected impact of U.S. taxes on foreign income as well as improved utilization of the Puerto Rico excise tax credit. Looking at the remainder of 2018 and into 2019, depending on mix and details on how the tax code evolves, it is possible that we could see slight additional rate improvement. We continue to take a balanced approach to capital allocation. Business development remains a top priority, as does our commitment to our dividend. We executed multiple strategic transactions that have the potential to advance our I-O and non-I-O portfolio of innovative agents. This includes a global clinical and commercial collaboration with Nektar as well as the collaboration with Illumina to develop and commercialize companion diagnostics for our oncology immunotherapies. Outside of I-O, we are excited to advance our Factor XIa program with J&J, which has the potential to bring this innovative agent to patients with thrombotic conditions. I'll now provide some comments on guidance. Based on our strong performance, the tailwind on sales from FX, and revised outlook on our tax rate, we are adjusting our non-GAAP EPS guidance range to $3.35 to $3.45. As always, this range assumes current foreign exchange rates. To close, we had a very strong quarter, marked by excellent commercial execution across our portfolio, and we continue to prioritize our resources in areas that deliver value. Our business is well positioned, and we continue to see a number of opportunities to drive growth going forward. Now, I'll turn it back to John to start the Q&A.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Charlie and Giovanni. Lauren, I think we're ready to go to the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Jason Gerberry with Bank of America.
Jason M. Gerberry - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning and thanks for taking my question, just two for me. First, just on Eliquis, obviously a strong quarter. And what we see in the market is about 2 percentage points of share conversion from warfarin every calendar quarter. So I'm just curious how you guys think about that trend. Do you think about it as relatively linear? Do you think there are any kind of gating factors that could slow that trend downward? And then just my second question, as we head into ASCO, what should we expect in terms of the data of Opdivo-plus-chemo combination that you'll be presenting there? My understanding is that it's going to be descriptive analysis, not data that could enable you to at least file for approval on your chemo combo. But any clarity would be helpful. Thanks.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Right. So, Jason, it's Murdo here. I'll answer your first question on Eliquis. We do see a fairly linear relationship on Eliquis prescription growth. We did see a bit of an uptick in the first quarter, related primarily to new access contracts and a strengthening of our U.S. access position. But if I look at our NOAC TRx shares, we're running at a 52% share. But our NBRx share is higher, running at around 59.7%. So that gives you a leading indicator that we'll continue to be able to grow our total prescription share in a relatively linear fashion.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And to comment on your question more specifically regarding warfarin, I would echo Murdo's comments as well. And when you look at the progression of the total NOAC market in terms of penetration of the opportunity, we continue to see growth there. And there as well, the NBRx's for NOACs in total are significantly higher than the TRx's for NOACs in total, which points to the opportunity for the market to continue to grow.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And, Jason, thanks for your question about ASCO. As you know, this is an extremely busy time in oncology. And just coming off of AACR, where we were very happy to present our data from CheckMate-227, which we think not only was statistically significant but very clinically meaningful with deep and durable responses across the PDL-1 spectrum in a chemo sparing regimen, something that we felt we presented well and established a potential important therapy in lung cancer. What are we going to see at ASCO as the next step? I think to say a couple things, first, you're going to see some data on the Ib portion of the trial, which is the PD-L1 negative patients. And that will be the first chance really to begin to look at the I-O/I-O combination of Opdivo/Yervoy versus our chemo combo of Opdivo and chemotherapy in that setting, although it will be in mostly PD-L1 negatives. But it will be the first chance for us to get a sense of how TMB might work in this patient population. We look forward to seeing what that data looks like at the ASCO meeting. I think also you'll see at ASCO some very interesting patient report outcomes data from the TMB population. Again, very eager to see what those show and if they can confirm many of the benefits that we believe are present in an I-O/I-O regimen. There will be an update of data from Nektar, from our Nektar collaboration. Look forward to that. Plus we have a very interesting neo-adjuvant paper in merkel cell and some more data in breast cancer. So we expect a very vigorous and interesting ASCO meeting.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: The only thing I would add is out of the AACR we saw a very nice increase in interest in TMB as a biomarker, having looked at recent market research from a number of community oncologists in the U.S. as well as academic oncologists. And the awareness of TMB has more than doubled to about half of physicians surveyed being aware. And then what's also exciting for us is they see real utility in the biomarker, with the vast majority of physicians interested in understanding TMB status of patients for treatment decision making. So as Tom said, having more descriptive data coming out at ASCO in other subpopulations of patients and including comparison to PD-1 plus chemo, I think it's going to continue to drive that interest in TMB.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jason, thanks for the question. Lauren, can we go to the next one?
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks very much. Can you just elaborate a little bit more about Opdivo in second-line lung and how you're thinking about dynamics going forward here in light of the KEYNOTE-189 results? I think a lot of the Street is just trying to get their hands around what type of impact you're expecting, how quickly that impact could play through. And then maybe the second piece of that question was on the new indications. It's obviously a bigger piece of the business right now. But where do we stand with regards to adjuvant melanoma in terms of share? And then when we think about the launch dynamics around first-line renal, just talk a little bit there about how quick of uptake we should think relative to some of the prior indications you're seeing, et cetera, just as we try to balance those two dynamics against each other. Thank you.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Great, Chris. Just on second-line lung, we've seen very stable shares there, around 40% of second-line I-O-eligible patient population. Obviously, there is a bit of a contraction of that pool of patients, given the presence of PD-1 monotherapy and PD-1 plus chemo as a result of the KEYNOTE-021G approval. I think most of the expansion of that I-O treatment in the first-line population will impact the eligible pool in 2019. So I would expect our shares in second line to remain stable for this year. As we go though beyond second-line lung, and we look at the indication performance across the rest of Opdivo, it's really very strong. I look at the Opdivo uptake in adjuvant. We're running between 40% and 50% share right now. It's been very good feedback. And I would say the addition of our Q 4-week dosing to that indication, I think is a very compelling treatment option for adjuvant setting in melanoma. And it's getting very, very good feedback in the early days of this launch. Moving beyond adjuvant in metastatic melanoma, we continue to have strong shares with the combination. And we're actually seeing some uptick in our BRAF mutant population, which has been a difficult part of the segment of the market to penetrate, but that's looking better. In the renal launch, it's really early days. We just got our approval. And of course, there was no update to the NCCN Guidelines, so we really are starting from a low NPS, a low off label baseline. So I would expect fairly rapid evolution there. I would also say that we continue to do well in second-line renal at between a 50% and 60% share in that tumor type. So renal will become a very important tumor for us, given that we have strong overall survival data with Opdivo plus a low dose of Yervoy. And just a little bit of a read-through on that for our first-line lung program is that we will generate a much broader experience base in the community oncology realm with about 80% of renal cell carcinoma treaters being first-line lung cancer treaters. So this is a pretty important and pretty strategic approval for us, but nonetheless, very good. And our shares are stable and strong across the other indications that we have.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Chris. Can we go to the question, Lauren?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Giovanni, I have sort of a bigger picture question. Obviously post-AACR, the market reacted in such a way that I think was different from I think what you expected as you described the data from CheckMate-227. And I think investors are questioning sort of the overall growth profile of the company. Can you sort of level set expectations on whether or not Bristol is still a growth story? And then maybe even more broadly, since it's I think still a bit unclear as to where Opdivo is going to be positioned in front-line lung, if it is – I think you believe there will be a place in the market for front-line lung, and we believe that as well. But if not, can Opdivo still be a franchise that grows, even if you're not a major participant in the front-line lung market? And I understand there are going to be some near term disruptions due to the second-line share declining next year. But overall, when you think about new indications, new tumor types, is this a franchise that can grow? Because I know the market is sort of debating that right now. Many assuming no growth. And then just my last question relates to operating expenses. I think about a year ago, you had guided to flat operating expenses. You gave guidance for 2018, but beyond 2018. And I'm wondering if that's changed at all. Does it make sense to increase R&D expenses? How are you thinking about that? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Sure. Jami, thank you. So let me cover the areas you asked about at a high level. First of all, as I've said in my remark, I acknowledge competitive dynamics in first-line lung cancer coming out of AACR. But I want to be very clear, I continue to see BMS as a growth company. And I do see Opdivo as a growth franchise. And let me tell you why. With respect to the company, I would point to three areas. The first one is very strong commercial execution and performance of our leading franchises today. The second point is the opportunity for growth coming from the opportunity for Eliquis to continue to advance its leading position in the marketplace and a number of short term important catalysts with Opdivo. We mentioned before the number of clinical trials that we have, Phase III clinical trials running, and with potential readouts in the next 12 to 18 months, including hepatocellular carcinoma, gastric cancer, including small cell lung cancer, and head and neck cancer. These are all important events. And then as we look at the medium and the long term, I'm quite excited that we have three agents now in our innovative medicines business, our TYK2 agent, for which we'll show psoriasis data later this year moving into Phase III; the FGF21 continuing to progress; and then the decision to move the Factor XIa together with Janssen into Phase II. So when I look at the short term, the medium term, the long term, there are a number of really important catalysts in the company. Nothing really has changed as far as the way we think about OpEx and the continued commitment to the management on OpEx. And at the same time, the investment in R&D. Let me ask Charlie to give you some more perspective about that.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Jami. I mean, as Giovanni said, strategically we continue to be committed to refocusing our resources on our highest priority opportunities. And if you look at last year and even this year's guidance, there's been really good management of our operating expenses with MS&A down, R&D up. And at the same time, we continue to pursue opportunities to drive longer-term growth opportunities in recent deals like Nektar and last year, the Halozyme deal and many other BD opportunities that we have pursued. So strategically, we're very aligned of how we think about our commitment to really focus on those things that drive value.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah. And, Jami, just to your question about the I-O franchise overall. I see really good expansion this year into the new indications that we've received. I really do feel that there will be a role to play, given the data that we're showing in first-line lung cancer. We're hearing back from customers that the perception of Yervoy plus Opdivo having deep and durable responses, being a chemo sparing regimen, and just the ability to potentially improve the impact of these medicines on patients' lives in terms of side effects associated with therapy, those things are coming through from the early read, post the AACR. Clearly it's going to be a challenge given the strength and position that our competitors will have, because they're a little earlier than we are. But I think the commercial and medical organizations of Bristol-Myers Squibb around the world have shown their ability to compete effectively, remain patient focused, and drive strong performance. And I'm very proud of what they've done so far, and I remain very optimistic of what they can do in the future.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Jami, for the question. Lauren, can we go to next one, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat - Evercore ISI: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question. I wanted to focus really on CheckMate-227 today. And my first one is, do you think the duration of therapy – why do you think the duration of therapy has been so much less in your first-line lung studies versus Merck's? And do you think the use of RECIST for second scan confirmation has – instead of irRECIST has led to some of the duration differences we've seen? And finally, when I look at CheckMate-227 broadly, it seems like Yervoy drove most of the benefit in TMB positive patients. And I wonder, have you or can you look at the Yervoy chemo Phase III trials you guys previously conducted in squams [squamous] to see if TMB was an important predictor in those trials as well? Thank you.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Umer, thank you for your question. I want to start of by addressing that and also alluding a little bit to some of – the point that Jami talked about earlier. I just want to emphasize that from an R&D standpoint how excited we are about the CheckMate-227 data. As Murdo mentioned, we are seeing deep and durable responses that are across the entire PD-L1 spectrum, regardless of PL-D1 expression, not dependent upon histology, and is chemotherapy sparing. I also want to comment on something else that Murdo said, which is the importance of chemotherapy sparing from a patient perspective. And I've been asked a lot of questions about this actually over the past two weeks. And when you think about how long, how hard we've tried to find ways of reducing chemotherapy side effects – fatigue, neuropathy, anemia, nephropathy, cognitive impairment, nausea, vomiting – all of these side effects are gone when you don't have a chemotherapy based regimen. So I think it's important to remember that there are things about a chemo-free regimen I think are really important. So the second question – the second part of this is really thinking about some of your points on CheckMate-227. And one is the duration of therapy. And I did have the chance, Umer, to take a look at your note that you posted a couple days ago. And I think what – in looking at this, I believe that the duration of therapy is actually very, very similar between the two trials. The reason being is that in the KEYNOTE-189 trial, duration of therapy was expressed as a mean exposure, a mean time of therapy. Whereas in our study, it was looked at a median. As you know, there's a difference. Mean is impacted by the long term folks, as oppposed to median, which is the 50% mark when looking at duration of therapy. And when we look at our data for mean duration of therapy, it's nearly identical, 7.3 versus 7.6 months, something like that, very nearly identical to the Merck data. So I don't believe that there's a difference in duration of therapy. In fact, when you look at the outcomes in the non-squamous patients, our median PFS compares very nicely at 8.5 months versus 7.7 months. And our one year overall survival in non-squamous also compares very nicely with what was seen in EMPOWER and what was seen in KEYNOTE-189. You do mention the question of the RECIST criteria and that Merck used the immune-related RECIST criteria. We used the RECIST criteria. I would look at that as something which I think is highly unlikely to explain big differences in outcome, although it could explain very small and subtle changes I think. There's really no way to know that. We are looking carefully at whether that could be one explanation for how data turns out. But it's not something that I think is likely to turn out to be a major explanatory factor. And then finally on the question of Yervoy driving benefit, I think one of the things we feel really good about on the CheckMate-227 data is we think we have shown clear contribution of components. That both Opdivo and Yervoy are making a big difference in this setting. And I think the two drugs together are what's doing this. You alluded to the fact that Yervoy was driving in the TMB positive. And I think that we certainly showed that in our data, and we also showed that this is true is across the PD-L1 spectrum of patients, both PD-L1 negative patients as well as patients who are PD-1 positive. So, thanks.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Umer, for the question. Lauren, can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Baum with Citi.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: We can't hear you, Andrew.
Operator: Mr. Baum, your line is open. Please check your mute function.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Hello?
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: There you go. Andrew? Lauren, maybe we can go to the next question and if Andrew could log back in, we'll go right to...
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Hello? Got it?
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: There you go, Andrew.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: You got me?
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: So sorry about that. This is to Tom. How excited do you remain about CheckMate-9LA, given the backdrop of KEYNOTE-189? And some explicit questions on CheckMate-9LA. Should we assume that you're going to be looking similar to CheckMate-227, PFS and TMB high and OS in PD-L1 expressors? Would you be losing blood or liquid TMB? Would you be looking – allowing archival samples? And then separately, you mentioned that you're going to be prioritizing other assets aside from IDO. I think you used the word rationalization. Will there be a write-down associated with that, given the acquisition or licensing?
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Andrew, thanks for your question. And let's start talking a little bit about CheckMate-9LA. And one of the things I've said for the past year that I've been talking with you guys is that I really believe you're going to see the lung cancer market continued to segment, and we've seen that over the past year. We saw the establishment of PD-L1 as being an important biomarker in people who were very high, PD-L1 high groups. We certainly know the EGFR, ALK/ROS story very nicely. And I think now you're seeing TMB also playing an important role in this setting in terms of being able to guide a precision approach to personalized medicine that makes a difference. So as part of that, I do believe the chemo combo will play a role. I think the data we saw from KEYNOTE-189 makes me even more encouraged for what we're going to see in CheckMate-9LA. And there are reasons to believe that the chemo combo could have benefits. The idea that patients who are early progressors, patients who have visceral crisis, that might be a circumstance where giving some chemotherapy first could help stabilize the patient to allow a vigorous immune response that we see. So from my perspective, I think the idea in CheckMate-9LA of two cycles of chemotherapy, which could minimize chemotherapy side effects, help with early progression, and still allow a vigorous immune response with what we believe is the best combination, the I-O/I-O combination of Opdivo/Yervoy, I think is a very attractive option in that setting. Now we're not going to comment on the physical plan of CheckMate-9LA at this point. As you know, we have committed to collecting TMB in this patient population, and we look forward to seeing how TMB plays out in this patient population. We have announced that overall survival will be an important endpoint in CheckMate-9LA. But as you know, we do have optionality regarding and around that statistical plan as we move forward. I think in light of your question about blood or liquid biopsies for TMB – or compared to biopsies with TMB, I think it's very timely. I was extremely excited this morning to see the approval of the foundation liquid biopsy – not the approval – the fact that it was given a Priority Review designation – Breakthrough designation of the liquid biopsy. I think that's a really great finding, particularly if you're committed to personalized medicine. It means that we're going to have eventually even more ways of assessing the genomics of a patient's cancer. So I look at that as being very positive. We have a number of efforts to begin to correlate what we see in blood and liquid TMB versus what we see in biopsy specimens. I think I would be less than frank if I told you that that process was complete. I think that's an ongoing process as we begin to correlate this. But I have every reason to believe, Andrew, that it's going to move in the same direction in this setting. Regarding archival samples, which was your last question for me, I think you're going to see the same – the patients will have samples within three months of diagnosis, which is similar to our other studies and most other studies now that are being done across the board. Regarding the capital question, I'll turn it to Charlie.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: I think, Andrew, your question regarding was the Flexus IDO. We treated that as an asset purchase at the time. So there is no – anything on our balance sheet regarding Flexus.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Andrew. Can we go to the next question please, Lauren?
Operator: Our next question comes from John Boris with SunTrust.
John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks for taking the questions, first one just for you, Tom, just very general high level on regulatory processes. One thing that we see happening quite frequently is a trial stops materially earlier, or you end up getting a Priority Review on an indication that the Street isn't anticipating or expecting. So what's actually going on between DSMBs and regulatory authorities and companies that are leading to trials stopping early, approved early? Just some general comments on that. Second question just has to do with the market segmentation for Opdivo/Yervoy, U.S., ex-U.S., for Murdo. And then third question just has to do with Sprycel. We saw some Tasigna weakness from Novartis. We saw Sprycel weakness. Is this because of potentially Gleevec being very inexpensive, leading to higher discounts and rebates on Sprycel? Thanks.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, John, thanks for your question. I'll start off with the regulatory questions at this point. Again, just to point out that we presented data at AACR. And most importantly, published this data in The New England Journal of Medicine, which we think is very strong, deep and durable responses, chemo sparing across the PD-L1 spectrum, and identifying really a new biomarker that helps advance the role of precision medicine. As you know, John, we don't comment on our interactions with the FDA. We will certainly announce any acceptance of filings that occur for any assets that are in our portfolio. I think the other point you raised about DSMBs and regulatory interactions and stopping early, as you know, John, these are all event-driven processes. And I know you folks are often surprised when data comes out. I can tell you the companies and the investigators are also surprised when the data comes out because we don't always know when the events are going to necessarily trigger data that justifies early stopping. So we obviously have in all of our trials, across our spectrum of studies, have DSMBs that are involved and early stopping rules. When they're triggered, we will certainly announce those to the market because we think that that's important. Murdo?
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, John. Just to address market segmentation, first off, in the U.S. by tumor type, what we're seeing is about 40% of our business coming from lung, the rest coming across our different tumors. For Yervoy, it's much smaller. Obviously it's off-label usage, so the vast majority of Yervoy is on-label in melanoma at roughly 85% to 90%. Our European business segments a little bit differently. It's higher in lung at around 47% – 48% in lung for Opdivo. RCC is about 16% – 17%, and then the other indications play out. And that's mostly a function of timing for competition in addition to the fact that there was no European approval for chemotherapy plus PD-1, so really a very good balance in business and really nice growth across European markets. And the one market that's a little bit different is Japan, because of our Ono partnership. But we also have a gastric approval there, which is going very well. And we're seeing nice uptake in that indication. From a Sprycel perspective, it's really just a market volume story. There are a lot of – there's a reduction in overall prescription going in the market. Our shares, though, are stable at roughly 24% of the market. And we continue to see good demand growth. There's really no significant dynamic between Gleevec or generic imatinib versus the second line. And of course we continue to lead in the branded component of the CML [chronic myeloid leukemia] market.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, John. Lauren, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Barclays.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks a lot for the question. Just have a couple. Post-AACR, what differences have you guys seen or would you expect to see in the receptivity to TMB testing? And I'm talking between KOLs versus the community setting. And does this differ, you think, versus European positions? And then on the CheckMate-227 filing, is there a follow-up period when you look at OS or say duration of response that would change your confidence in approvability? I know with -021G, data did in fact improve over time on OS. But CheckMate-227, obviously bigger and more mature relatively. Thank you.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, thank you, Geoff. Just to your first question, post-AACR, I have to say I'm pleased with what we're hearing back from both academic and community oncologists. I referenced earlier in the call some market research that we got back in house. We've seen unaided awareness of TMB go from roughly 20% pre-AACR to roughly 50% post-AACR. And that's on TMB as an emerging biomarker for non-small cell lung cancer. So that's a really good signal. So there was a lot of noise out of AACR that helped raise awareness of the importance of TMB. We drilled into understanding whether or not physicians believe that TMB is equally or as important as PD-L1. And over 50% of physicians agreed that that was the case. So we're in good shape I think on the data attracting the interest of both academic oncologists and community oncologists as a useful biomarker for front-line lung. I think when you go internationally, we're seeing similar interest, more so there with the thought leader community. But that is where the majority of patients are treated when you go internationally. They tend to be treated in a hospital setting with the exception perhaps of Japan and Germany. And what we're also doing internationally is we're working very actively in partnerships with the biomarker companies to make TMB testing widely available. And each market is a little bit different. We work with the academic centers, who are already developing tests for TMB. And we obviously work with different commercial partners to do that as well. So I'm optimistic that TMB is starting to become much more interesting to the treating community.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Geoff, regarding your second question on the CheckMate-227 filing. Again, as we just mentioned to John, I'm not going to comment on the actual regulatory status. However, the second part of that – second part of your question I think is really important. And I would say that that really is the magic question that you just asked. Because really that's what we're waiting for is, we shared with you at AACR our overall survival data. Okay? Which again, looks very promising. It's early, but it looks very promising. Now, when you couple that with the duration of response data that we showed, we haven't even hit our median duration of response. And I like the way that curve looks in terms of duration of response. Now the real question is, does that increased duration of response correlate into improvements in overall survival? I hope it does. We don't know. That's why we do trials. If you knew the answer of a trial, you wouldn't do it. And you wouldn't do the trial. So I eagerly await to see that data. But seeing that fact that we haven't hit the median duration of response, and seeing that particularly if you look in the nonsquamous patients, the one year survival mark for CheckMate-227, KEYNOTE-189, EMPOWER, all is about 70%. If an I-O/I-O combination truly has better duration of response, as we have seen in other tumor types, then that could be encouraging. But again until we actually see the overall survival data, it's really just conjecture at this point. But thanks for the question.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Geoff. Lauren, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Anderson with Bernstein.
Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. The focus of a lot of folks is usually the battle between chemo combo and CTLA-4 combo. But Roche is trying to introduce bevacizumab or Avastin into the mix. And obviously they have data from their front-line trial. So my question to you is, what's Bristol's view on the role of bevacizumab as a potential combination agent in something like front-line lung? Is that something that you guys are considering exploring? Do you think there's a valid mechanistic role to consider there? And the second question is – and I think you may have kind of answered this already, but just to clarify. The trajectory of Opdivo, can you say with confidence that really there will be no periods in which there's any year-on-year or quarter-on-quarter declines when you think about all the pushes and pulls? Whether that's on a quarterly basis or an annual basis in 2018 and beyond?
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Tim, I'll start with the question about bevacizumab and then turn it over to Murdo. I'd say a couple things. First, bevacizumab plays a role in a small, increasingly small number of patients with lung cancer. I was intrigued by the data, the post-TKI data. Maybe that would have a role, the post-TKI setting. And eager to see how that pans out. But I think that for the majority of patients, I haven't yet – I don't think we have a data set that's enough to be conclusive about what the role of bevacizumab would be in contributing to outcome for a more broad patient population. Murdo?
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, I would just say that the usage there is very low today. And without being able to describe a very specific patient population, it seems to be benefiting disproportionately. I'm not hearing a lot of enthusiasm from treating physicians on that regimen.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tim, obviously, we're not going to – and we don't provide guidance on individual brands quarterly or on a yearly basis. This is a large franchise, which is continuing to diversify with strong performance across many of its segments. And what I've discussed before is a couple of things. First of all, we do see Opdivo as a growing franchise. And second, I acknowledge the competitive dynamics in first-line lung cancer. At the same time, we are very focused on a significant number of growth catalysts we have, including a large program in first-line lung cancer and a number of other tumors with a lot of data reading out in the next 12 to 18 months.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Tim. Lauren, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Phipps with William Blair.
Matthew Phipps - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great, thanks for taking my questions. First, in the CheckMate-227 trial, there was about 60% – just under 60% of patients you had enough sample for TMB. Obviously, that was kind of looking back and happen to find the samples. But what do you think is a realistic number for the patients who you can successfully get enough sample for TMB analysis?
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Matt, thanks for your question. I would say – and again, as you point out, the 60% that were valuable reflected patients where we weren't collecting it for TMB in that setting. So I think that we were actually very happy that we were able to get 60% rate in that setting. I think when you start collecting prospectively, I think what you're seeing is, I think that numbers close to 85% to 90% are not unreasonable to expect that. And just think about how biomarkers have evolved. I mean just think about estrogen receptor or progesterone receptor. I know – I don't want to sound old school on you, but if you go back to the days when we started looking at ER and PR, there were times when we wouldn't have sufficient breast cancer tissue to be able to determine ER/PR status. And so as we understood how crucial that became in treating women's breast cancer, we made darn sure that we had enough tissue to be able to look at ER/PR. So I think that you're going to see docs, when they know that TMB is going to be evaluated, obtain slightly largely core biopsies. And I think that the success rate of the test, between 85% and 90%, is not – I think that's achievable. Take a little time to get there, but I think it's achievable.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Matt, for the question. Can we go to the next one, please, Lauren?
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Gilbert with Deutsche Bank.
Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. A couple for Murdo and one for Tom. Murdo, could you size the front-line RCC opportunity? And are there any barriers to rapid uptake you should let us know about? More broadly on I-O pricing, or PD-1 and I-O pricing, Murdo, can you confirm that there are no pricing pressures or cost-containment themes playing out in the U.S. market in this space yet? And also comment on pricing dynamics in Europe and in Japan, since it's quite different there? And lastly, Tom, more broadly, since taking over the CSO role, you've had a lot of I-O questions to answer and I'm sure there will be more. But can you talk more broadly about strategic – or strategies or priorities that you've changed in order to diversify the pipeline, while maximizing oncology at the same time? Thanks.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Gregg. In the U.S., the front-line RCC treated patient population estimate is about 15,000 patients. In Europe, top five, also about 15,000. And in Japan, about 5,000. Those numbers are roughly double the size of the second-line population, given the volume of patients that will progress into second line. And just one thing to remember on RCC is progression is a little bit slower. It's a slower moving malignancy, so it will take more time for patients to progress out of front-line treatment into second line. So the impact on our second-line Opdivo business because of our own indication in front line, will take a while to evolve. Then on pricing, I think it's fair to say there's always pricing pressure in all markets. But I think we've been very successful in securing good access, as was mentioned earlier by Charlie, across all major international markets. There have been price effects in Japan that are unique to Japan. But I would say overall, we have done a very strong job, and the teams in each of these markets, to establish the value of Opdivo and the value of Opdivo plus Yervoy. We received one of the fastest NICE approvals ever for our O plus Y [Opdivo plus Yervoy] indication in metastatic melanoma from the UK. The other thing I would say is we've incorporated patient reported outcomes into our clinical trials. And you see that in our first-line RCC data set. I think that will help us significantly across Europe. And of course we would plan to do that in other trials going forward. And last but not least, as you look at the evolution of our pipeline, clearly we're going to be working with payers around the world to find good solutions, good value based contracts that allow us to treat patients at an affordable level going forward.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And so, Gregg, just to get to your question about my perspective on the first year as CSO and how we work to diversify. When I came in last year, exactly a year ago on this call, I told you guys that we were going to focus on three areas. I said we're going to focus on following the biology of cancer, we're going to focus on investing in translational medicine, and I told you we're going to deepen our data and analytics approach. And I think we've done all three of those things this year. And let's just focus on two of the areas. The first is on what we've done in translational medicine. We brought in Saurabh Saha to lead our TM Group. And look what we've accomplished just in this first year. The fact that we identified TMB as an important biomarker, and we're able to have the optionality and flexibility to be able to look at that in a large randomized trial and establish yet another biomarker in lung cancer, a very important accomplishment. Second, the TM Group is working hard at looking at potential markers in immunoscience and inflammatory disease, in systemic lupus, and in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. So the impact that TM has had on the company has been extraordinary in the first year. Second point, there's diversifying within I-O that I think is important. I think there are lots of ways of diversification. One is diversifying within I-O. So what do I mean by that? Well, two important BD opportunities. The first was the acquisition of IFM and obtaining the NLRP3 molecule and the STING molecule, very exciting to see those move into clinical development. And that resulted from the fact that our discovery team, led by Carl Decicco, looked at the innate immune system and figured that's an area we need to be in. And we again follow the biology to be able to deepen our portfolio as we move forward. Next is Nektar. There are three validated I-O mechanisms that have been shown to improve survival in cancer, PD-1, CTLA-4, IL-2. Bristol-Myers now has all three of these in clinical development. And we could not be more proud of our relationship with Nektar and very eager to see what that data continues to evolve. But then there's also diversification outside of I-O. And I think there are some great examples that Giovanni mentioned in his talk. And we've advanced this area in the past year, first, TYK2. TYK2 is a compound that has a very broad range of targets, multiple targets within the immune system. And we've seen some very exciting data in rheumatology, in psoriasis that we look forward to seeing presented at an upcoming derm meeting. RORgamma t has been advanced as well as FGF21. And then you saw our relationship that was disclosed with Janssen. I'm very excited about Factor XIa, a compound which could be even more effective than the Eliquis compound and other drugs that we have right now. Again, these drugs take a little bit longer time to develop. But again, I think it shows that we're positioned for continued drug development success in the years to come.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Gregg. Can we go to the next question, please, Lauren?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse.
Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple things I want to get clarification on, non-CheckMate-227 related. So one, on the four-week dosing approvals in the U.S. and EU, it looks like it was a difference there, where the European Commission only approved F4, melanoma and renal, whereas the U.S. approval is much broader. Maybe if you can, just talk about the differences between those two approvals. And then on the small-cell lung cancer side, it gets overlooked sometimes with all the focus on non-small-cell, but you mentioned the filing for Opdivo monotherapy was recently accepted. But the press release didn't comment on the combination Opdivo/Yervoy, even though that was also in the CheckMate-032 study. So can you maybe just comment on where things stand on getting the combination potentially approved? Do we have to wait for the CheckMate-451 data, or is there something else that we're waiting for there? Thanks.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So thanks for your question. I'll approach the two questions. The first regarding the 4-week dosing, we're very happy about this because we think it gives doctors tremendous flexibility and patients flexibility as we move forward. And I think what you're seeing is we're very happy that in the U.S. that it's very broad. And the fact that renal and melanoma were accomplished in Europe, we think is a real good start in that process. And we look forward to developing additional data as time moves forward. Regarding small-cell, you did notice that our filing was accepted for monotherapy. We also have data coming out this year in earlier stages of small-cell, late this year, early next year, that we look forward to seeing, one in the maintenance setting and one in extensive stage disease up front. So we look forward to seeing that data evolve and our own small-cell also evolve. And again, we continue to develop combination data in small-cell. It's just a little bit behind the non-small-cell in terms of the evolution of that data. But again, no lack of confidence that this could be an important pathway in small-cell as well.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And, Vamil, I would only add that there's very good interest in Europe as we've seen in the U.S. in having a 4-week dosing available. The two steps you have to take is you have to establish your flat dosing regimen, and then you establish the 4-week dosing. So that's why it's a little more staggered in Europe on some of those other indications. But we anticipate being able to secure 4-week across the portfolio. So we're looking forward to that as a competitive advantage in the market.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks. Lauren, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.
David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much. So I have a few questions. First, could you comment on whether CheckMate-227 can potentially yield statistically significant OS data in TMB high, or is that not possible to show any statistical significance, since in the hierarchal analysis, the first cut on PFS failed to show Opdivo monotherapy superiority? Second, with respect to chemo combo for Opdivo, so looking ahead. Could you just provide some color on when we will see all comers' data for the chemo combo? Will that not be until the CheckMate-9LA disclosure next year? And then third, just a financial question, please. With respect to the $371 million alliance partner revenue in the first quarter, what was the Keytruda component of that? And how should we think about the sequential step up from $371 million into the second quarter of this year? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tom?
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, David, thank you for your questions. The first question regarding CheckMate-227 and survival, I think you're absolutely correct in what you just mentioned, which is that this will be a descriptive endpoint. And that's because of where it sat in the hierarchy of fiscal analysis. So you are completely right. This will yield a descriptive analysis of overall survival, even the TMB high population. And again, we look forward to seeing that data mature with time as we move forward. Second question is regarding when you can expect to see data on the chemo combo. As I mentioned earlier, this is an area that we think will still play a role, an important role, as lung cancer continues to segment. As you remember, Part 2 of our study of CheckMate-227 has a chemo combo arm across a broad spectrum of patients. We expect that data to be out – you know it's very difficult to know – probably in early 2019 at the best way to look at that. But again, it depends upon how that data matures. And then CheckMate-9LA will be probably a little bit after that. Now, you will see some data on the chemo combo at ASCO this year, but that will be in the PD-L1 negatives. I think your question really focused more on the broader patient population. And unfortunately, that really is 2019 before we're going to have that information. Charlie?
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, David, on our Keytruda royalties, we book those actually in other income and expense. And for the quarter, we booked approximately $70 million related to Keytruda royalties, which compares about $30 million in Q1 of last year.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: David, thanks for the question. Can we go to our last question, please, Lauren.
Operator: Our final question comes from Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. I have two questions. First, for Giovanni, I understand you're not giving future guidance. But in prior periods of uncertainty, specifically 2013, the company gave thoughts on minimum earnings in a future year. In that regard, can you speak to earnings in 2019? Do you see earnings growing in 2019? Or is it simply too early to say? And then a question for Charlie. Something important regarding U.S. tax reform seems to have either been clarified or learned in the last three months, leading to the downtick in the tax rate, in part. I realize there was other factors as well. But can you elaborate on the tax reform aspect of the downtick in earnings – in tax rate? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Steve, just very briefly on guidance. At this point, we are not providing guidance on 2019. It's clearly too early. And we are very focused on execution this year, as you've seen very good results and very good trends in the business. But premature to discuss guidance for 2019.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah. So, Steve, on the U.S. tax reform. As you know, tax reform, which was approved at the very end of 2017 with no real simplification, it was actually on top of the current tax legislation. So there was a lot to work through to understand all of the implications. As we mentioned on the fourth quarter earnings call that we did see a benefit in our rate going forward. As we dug into the legislation, we found some of those opportunities as we have applied it to our particular business and were able to accelerate some of that. So as far as the benefit related to what we originally guided, I would say about three-quarters is related to tax reform implementation versus just jurisdictional earnings mix.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, everyone. So in closing, let me just reaffirm, this was an important quarter with strong performance across the company. We continue to make progress against our strategy with a focus on transformational medicine. And as I've had an opportunity to discuss with all of you during the call, I am confident in the significant growth opportunities we have as a company for the future. Thanks very much for your questions.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Okay. That wraps up the call, Lauren. And everyone, thank you. If you have any follow-ups, we'll be available.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-05 08:00:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker - Chief Commercial Officer Giovanni Caforio - Chairman & CEO Thomas Lynch - Chief Scientific Officer Charlie Bancroft - CFO
Analysts: Alex Arfaei - Bank of Montreal Capital Markets Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Andrew Baum - from Citi Chris Schott - JPMorgan Tim Anderson - Bernstein Jeffrey Holford - Jefferies Umer Raffat - Evercore ISI Geoff Meacham - from Barclays Vamil Divan - Credit Suisse Marc Goodman - UBS Jason Gerberry - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2017 Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Elicker: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining really on a Monday morning. We have a lot of information to discuss today, both from our Q4 earnings, our 2018 outlook, as well as results from 227. We are going to read the slide deck today, which we normally don’t do. So, if you on our distribution list, we have added about 15 minutes ago, the slides are also available on our website.  With me this morning, are Giovanni Caforio, our CEO; Tom Lynch, our Chief Scientific Officer; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer, and Murdo Gordon, our Chief Commercial Officer. Giovanni, Tom and Charlie will have prepared remarks. And then, as will be available for Q&A. On slide two, is our Safe Harbor language, I’ll review it quickly. The presentation contains about company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements and purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions, under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these results of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and reports on 10-Q and Form 8-K, the documents are available on the SEC, our website or the Investor Relations Group.  Any forward-looking estimates represent our estimates on as of the day and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we never like to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future. We specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. The presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to include certain costs, expenses, gains or losses and other specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, John, good morning, everyone. We have a lot to discuss today, so let me share an overview of the call. As you have seen, we have made an exciting announcement this morning, on our Lung Cancer Program. We consider today’s results as a break-through in cancer research, and we are excited for what this means for patients and for the treatment of lung cancer. These results is a through example of the innovation that its core to our strategy. Based on our understanding of this disease, we made bold and innovative changes to our program as the science of all. Today’s results validate our approach. I am really proud, of what our R&D organization has accomplished, to advance the understanding of biomarkers, in the treatment of lung cancer. And Tom will walk you through the details in a few minutes.  We also announced, a very good quarter there and strong performance overall in 2017, which Charlie will share in more detail. From my perspective, we are starting 2018 with good momentum in our business and we see number opportunities in oncology and outside of oncology that we will be focusing on this year. And as I started to discuss in San Francisco last month, looking beyond 2018, there are multiple growth drivers, that position us well for the longer term. I’ll talk more about this, a little later in the call. And with that I’ll handed it over to Tom, to discuss today’s announcement. Tom?
Thomas Lynch: Thank you, Giovanni. If I could ask everyone to turn to slide six. Today we are excited, to announce the Study 227, met the co-primary endpoint, of improved progression free survival for the Opdivo Yervoy combination versus chemotherapy, for patients with high tumor mutational burden, or TMB, regardless of PD-L1 expression. And remember, that we're looking at both pathologies in CheckMate-227. And as we also announced, the DMC has recommended that the trial continue to completion for overall survival in a PD-L1 selected population in Part 1A. While we planned to present the results in upcoming medical meeting, what I can tell you now is that this PFS data is highly statistically significant and clinically meaningful. I strong believe that this will make a difference for patients with advanced lung cancer.  Let's just put this into context. When I first began seeing one cancer patient 30 years ago, the only options were chemotherapy and radiation, both marginally effective and significantly toxic. Since then, lung cancer has become a group of related diseases defined by distinct biomarkers that brought biology and treatment. EFGR, ALK, ROS1, RET and PD-L1 just to name a few. Today we add TMB to this list to define a subtype of patients who clearly drive benefit from combination immunotherapy treatment regardless of their PD-L1 status. As I've consistently said, Bristol-Myers Squibb is a science driven company. These results demonstrate the strength and importance of our translational capabilities and validate the innovative changes we made to the trial design in light of how quickly the science was evolving.  Perhaps most importantly, the results today further validate the role of the CTLA-4 mechanism. Lung cancer is now the third tumor where we've showed benefit with the Opdivo-Yervoy combination in a randomized trial. And we look forward to the overall survival analysis from 227 as the data matures in the TMB population.  Now if I could ask you to turn to slide 7. What I'd like to do is tell you or answer the question, why do we choose to include TMB in our analysis plan. First from a machinist perspective, TMB measures the number of somatic mutations that are present in the DNA of a tumor compared to the DNA of normal tissue. We believe some of these mutations can drive expressions of neoantigens. And then these new neoantigens could be more visible to immune system and thereby driven an immune response.  Second as you know for Bristol-Myers others have generated data showing improved outcomes for patients with high TMB. We've shown this across multiple endpoints, and those includes response rate PFS and overall survival across multiple tumor types including non-small cell lung cancer, bladder cancer and small cell. And we've shown this for both Opdivo monotherapy and the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy. This support our hypothesis around TMB being an important potential biomarker.  Now if I could ask you to turn to slide 8. Now let me take a step back and explain how we adapted 227? On this slide, you see the overall study design. As you know 227 was originally designed as two companion studies. Part 1A looking at PD-L1 expressers, and part 1B looking at PD-L1 non-expressers.  As more data emerge we made three important changes to 227 to reflect the evolving science all of these were key. First, we increased the size of Part 1A, this gave us more statistical optionality and lowered the potential for imbalances in the PDL-1 positive patients. Second, we added the second part, part 2 to 227. This is a study of about 750 patients who are enrolled regardless of histology and across the PDL-1 spectrum comparing Opdivo plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone. And the third change we made was to our analysis planned for part-1 which allowed us to include TMB. I will disclose in details of that today.  Now if could ask you turn to slide 9. As I mentioned, part-1A and part-1B are technically two companion trials running at the same time. However, in discussions with the FDA we executed and integrated analysis planned but brought together the Opdivo, Yervoy arms and the chemo arms across all of part 1 in a predefined population of TMB patients. Turn to slide 10 please. Within that integrated analysis planned, we defined two co-primary endpoints across part-1 and that is what we’re reporting today. The first is comparing the combination of Opdivo Yervoy versus chemotherapy for PFS in a PMB selected population. And the second is comparing the combination versus chemotherapy for overall survival is a PDL-1 selective population.  If I could as you know to turn to slide 11. Through the PFS endpoint, we were able to access the TMB status of the majority of patients across Part-1 which I’ll remind you is more than 1,200 patients, actually its more than 1,700 patients. And here you can see that of all those assessed roughly 45% or above a cut-off upgraded in 10 mutations per mega base which is what we defined as high TMB. In our study, TMB was evaluated using foundation medicine analytically validated assays foundation one. Now I ask if you could turn to slide 12.  We’re very encouraged by today’s results which establish TMB as an important new independent biomarker for selecting patients that respond to immunotherapy. Clearly, we’ll be sharing these data with health authorities and we look forward to presenting the complete results at the future Congress.  We believe TMB could be important more broadly. We started to incorporate it across our IO trials not just for Opdivo and Yervoy but also far for our next generation oncology assets. In fact, we’re studying TMB in over 100 studies in multiple tumor types and programs. If we could now turn to slide 13. As a reminder, what we’re reporting today is just the first of many significant data opportunities from our broad long program. For CM-227, the analysis for patients from Part-1 B is now finally complete. Part-1A continues for overall survival, in PDL-1 patients remember that the overall survival is event driven. In know that the interim occurred later than we expected and we anticipate that the final results will be later this year or early next year. And part-2 of the trial is ongoing which we don’t expect in 2019.  I also remind you that the 9LA trial, looking at Opdivo plus Yervoy concurrent with two cycles of chemotherapy is also ongoing, with results expected in the second half, of 2019. And of course, we have the initiation of our IDO, Opdivo combination trials, with both insights IDO and our own compound which we are eagerly are waiting to see.  I could now ask you to turn to slide 14. Beyond lung cancer, we have significant data milestones, with Opdivo in the combination over the next 24 months, with trials reading out in hepatoma, gastric cancer, small-cell lung cancer, and head and neck cancer.  As I had said, we are a science driven biopharma company. I am particularly excited about our opportunities across the areas of neuro science, fibrosis and cardiovascular disease, and we continue to accelerate the development of our most promising assets in those areas, as well as immuno-oncology.  With that, I’ll turn it back to Giovanni. 
Giovanni Caforio : Thank you, Tom. I want to reiterate that I am really proud, of what our organization has accomplished. This is an important result for lung cancer patients and we are very excited by the opportunity ahead of us.  Turning to slide 16 please. 2017 was a very strong year, thanks to strong superior commercial execution and good progress in our clinical programs. We are now entering 2018, with good trends and momentum in our business.  Moving to slide 17. We are starting the year, in a very strong position, with good top and bottom line growth, in our business. There are a number of pillars in our business, that can grow in 2018 and beyond and I am really excited about the prospects. First, Eliquis is a very important and growing franchise for us. As we exit 2017, Eliquis is the leading NOAC and its approved indications, and has tremendous opportunity to continue to grow.  With Opdivo, the existing business going into 2018 has a strong momentum. We see continued strength across the current indications for Opdivo and beyond our excitement about the First-Line Lung, results announced today. We have a number of opportunities this year, that we are focused on, including adjuvant melanoma and the upcoming PDUFA for First-Line renal, with study 214.  With today’s results, I even more confident, that we will play a meaningful role in first-line lung cancer, and I am looking forward to continue data readouts later this year and into next year, that will build on today’s announcements. And thinking beyond the 2018, we see a sustained - of growth, driven by important opportunities for Eliquis and Opdivo. So, let me remind you, of what those are. I previously mentioned Reno, as part of our growth in 2018, and it also plays a role beyond this year, in what we see as a significant opportunity for Opdivo. It's an area where we started to make a difference in second-line and see significant growth potential in first-line now, based on study 214. With the first-line indication, Opdivo will have a presence across the continuum of care in renal cancer.  Two other areas, with a billion dollar plus potential, where we are focused, our gastric cancer and HCC. Diseases with high unmet need and poor outcomes. Based on what we have seen from Phase 1 and 2 data on opdivo on these tumors, and anticipating data readouts from our Phase 3 program this year and next year, we believe these are important areas driving growth in the near and in the medium term. In addition to this, we have important opportunities in small-cell lung cancer later this year and head and neck in 2019.  Finally, our emerging pipeline across all therapeutic areas is one of the most promising in our history with several opportunities contributing to sustained growth. We are excited with several programs moving forward, such as IDO and LAG-3 in oncology and from our non-oncology pipeline, where we'll see FGF21 and TYK-2 moving to the next stage of development this year. All of what I just described gives me confidence in our future, and in our ability to continue to deliver on our strategy. The significant opportunities are ahead of us requires to ensure the right level of investment behind R&D and certain commercial capabilities, and we are doing just that.  And turning to slide 18 please. A year ago, I spoke about the work we were doing to evolve our operating model. And today, I'm pleased to say we are delivering across the company, with a disciplined approach to resource allocation. We are creating a better company, which moves fast and is more competitive. We are strengthening our capabilities, particularly in translational medicine, and we are investing in our pipeline and commercial capabilities to support future growth. These will continue to be a critical focus going forward.  With that, I'll hand it over to Charlie Bancroft, who will discuss some specifics on the quarter and how we are thinking about our financials. 
Charlie Bancroft: Thank you, Giovanni and Tom, for your very exciting comments, all tapped off from my Philadelphia Eagles winning the Superball.  Let me start by saying, we delivered a very good 2017 with robust revenue and earnings growth, driven by strong execution across the company.  Moving to slide 20. While total revenues grew 7% for the year, and our prioritized brands were up 27% as Giovanni just highlighted. The exceptional product performance on key brands drove the EPS growth.  With that, I'll provide some color on the strong trends we are seeing Opdivo. It was another solid quarter for our Opdivo franchise. We delivered $1.4 billion of worldwide revenue and almost $5 billion in sales on a full year basis. Similar to previous quarters, we were successful in maintaining our leading share in second line lung and saw strong performance in other tumors such as renal cell. While the trends are early, Opdivo has rapidly penetrated the second line HCC market and we are seeing good uptake of Opdivo in the adjuvant melanoma setting.  Outside the U.S., Opdivo continues to lead in key markets such as Germany, France and Japan. Excluding the sales deferral impacting Q4 of 2016 international sales of Opdivo were up over 64% in the quarter. With these strong Opdivo trends in today's announcement, we see meaningful opportunities for growth in both the near and medium term.  Turning to Yervoy. We are seeing pressure on U.S. sales due to the adoption of Opdivo in the adjuvant melanoma setting. Going forward, we expect these trends to stabilize and our outlook remains positive with the potential launches in the first line renal cell and first line lung. From the franchise perspective, we expect the growth of Opdivo in adjuvant melanoma were more than offset the erosion of Yervoy. Our strong commercial execution across the portfolio also resulted in substantial growth for -- in the quarter. In the U.S., Eliquis extended its leadership position with almost 50% TRx share of the NOAC market. Internationally, we are seeing similar trends and strong brand momentum in leading new-to-brand share in top European markets. With this performance in mind, we believe Eliquis is well positioned for period of sustained growth going forward.  Now turning to slide 21 and our non-GAAP P&L. I’ll start with our gross margin which continues to be strongly influenced by product mix. The strong growth of Eliquis and declining of virology franchise erode most of pressure on our margin in the quarter.  Moving to OpEx and building on Giovanni’s comments about resource allocation, the increased investment in R&D during 2017 while prioritizing spend in MS&A. This was enabled by our ongoing operating model evolution that we will continue to execute going forward.  With respect to our tax rate, the favorability in the quarter was primarily driven by earnings mix. And thinking longer term and taking into account tax reform we expect our tax rate to be in high teens within the coming years. With tax reform in mind, turning to slide 22 we see no change to our balanced approach to capital allocation.  Business development remains a top priority for us and 2017 was a very active in which we executed over 50 transactions. We expanded our translational capabilities, we licensed new assets and technologies and we entered several late stage clinical collaborations. The ISM acquisition are partnership with Foundation Medicine and our new relationship with Halazyme were few important examples of transactions we executed last year.  We also remain committed to our dividend, 2018 marks a ninth consecutive annual increase. With respect to repurchase, we bought back 250 million in the quarter and nearly 2.5 billion for the year. Taking together we returned over 5 billion to shareholders in 2017.  Turning to slide 23 for additional color around 2018 guidance. Our full year and non-GAAP EPS guidance represent strong growth over 2017 in spite of the roughly $200 million impact from the change in accounting rules effecting how certain royalties are recorded. On gross margin, we expect additional pressure to be driven by the continued growth of Eliquis and erosion of virology to be somewhat offset by the growth of Opdivo. Our approach on OpEx reflects the continued prioritization in R&D while we drive efficiencies in MS&A. In conjunction with today’s announcement, our guidance includes investments supporting the educational efforts to commercialize TMB.  A quick note on OI&E. We have restructured a portion of our future AV royalty rights and therefore will receive higher royalties in 2018 and 2019. Our tax rate of 20 to 21% takes into account tax reform and as I mentioned the potential for further favorability over the next few years.  In conclusion, we have a very solid 2017 with strong execution across the board. We are well positioned to grow in 2018 and today’s announcement increases our conviction in the growth outlook for the company. I’ll now turn it back to John for Q&A.
John Elicker: Thanks Charles and I think we’re ready to go to the Q&A session. So as a reminder we have Giovanni as well as Murdo here for any of your questions. Go ahead please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from the queue, Seamus Fernandez from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
John Elicker: Seamus, we can’t hear you. 
Operator: Sorry, Alex Arfaei from Bank of Montreal Capital Markets. Please go ahead, your line is now open. 
Alex Arfaei: Good morning, thank you very much for taking the questions and congratulations on the results. I am just curious, why is overall survival is not being evaluated, based on TMB as well. And we know from CheckMate-26 that Opdivo monotherapy showed very encouraging results in this setting. How come opdivo monotherapy is also not being included in the TMB analysis? Thank you very much. 
Thomas Lynch: Alex, thank you. I’ll take both of these questions, and I think let me just take the second one, I can do the second one probably quicker, than we will talk a little bit about the end points in the first one. So, just to remind everybody, what we were reporting today are the two co-primary endpoints, so we are reporting the PFS in the combination a therapy, which is a co-primary endpoint in TMB high group and there we’re reporting the fact that the second co-primary endpoint which is the test for overall survival in the PL-1 group is continuing for maturity.  We have not seen any overall survival data, I think that’s very important to mention. So, we have not seen any overall survival data. The second thing to say, is we are not going to be reporting any secondary endpoints on the call. The data is very fresh to us, we look forward to reporting those in important medical meeting and we also look forward to publishing that as soon as we possibly can.  Let me just say a few things about endpoints and trials. So, a couple of things. I think as a physician we think that, that I think that PFS and overall survival are both important endpoint, doctors use both endpoints, PFS and OS, be able to make decisions. I’ll also say, when you have PFS particularly in a very large well powered trial, you are able to, to get a very good sense of potential benefit and that does predict for good benefits with patients, whom are very encouraged by the PFS spend its today, that we see in the TMB population.  I really want to stress something else about this result. This is highly statically significant and its clinically significant as well. I think that’s an important point to drive home with the PFS, we look forward to seeing the OS data, when it matures, in the TMB group, just like I am sure you are excited about seeing it and we think that that’ll be something that will also be important for doctors in terms of making decisions.  I also want to stress one another point Alex, is this was across all PD-L1 expressing groups, and I think, one of the other things, we think is important, is that you know right now, PD-L1 is important decision-making factor for doctors, when deciding, how to treat people with lung cancer, and there are some people who are not getting, immunotherapy because their PD-L1 negative.  I think what TMB gives us, is the opportunity to identify patients, who clearly benefit from low dose - added to opdivo in that setting, we could not be more excited to tell you about that today. 
Operator: Thank you, and now we take our next question from Seamus Fernandez from Leerink. Please go ahead, your line is now open. 
Seamus Fernandez: Okay great. Some problem with my phone system here. Well, first of on the eco the sentiment on the eagles from so what of you said, in Boston, it was a unique event. So, thanks for that comment there, Charlie.  Second, in terms of the difference in the study design. Congratulations on the creative change to incorporate TMB. Just hoping that you could just give us a little bit of color on whether or not do you guys have a relatively complete understanding of the benefits of the combination over Opdivo monotherapy? I know that you did comment a little bit on that on the margin, but the clinical significance, is the clinical significance applied more to TMB and the analysis therein or the combination of Opdivo plus Yervoy?  And then secondarily, as we think about the longer-term opportunities Giovanni. Just hopping that you guys could give us a little bit color on how you're feeling about the Opdivo plus Yervoy combination as a continuous treatment given some of the safety concerns or at least the safety information that we're seeing out there? Again, the significance I think is clear, but we're just trying to get a better sense of directionally how confidence you are that the Opdivo plus Yervoy regimen particularly as a continuous combination therapy after 6-week treatment dynamic is something that you think is going to really work its way into the lung cancer regimen overtime? Thanks. 
Charlie Bancroft: I've got to say as a Patriots fan, die hard Patriots in the sea of Eagles fans here, it's been a rough morning. If we didn't have 227 reports, I don't think I get through it. So, let me just address a couple of your points here that I think are well crafted and are important. The first thing I'll say is that I feel very confident that this is both a TMB story and an Opdivo-Yervoy story. And I think both are important. Because first, understanding the biology, selecting the patients are going to benefit most. TMB looks like a very powerful biomarker. And as I mentioned, we're looking at across our spectrum of IL agents including our next-gen agents.  The second point comes down to the contribution of components and how important Yervoy is? And for me, I have felt for some time that Yervoy is performing extremely well in a number of different settings. Remember, benefit in melanoma, benefit in renal cell cancer and now benefit in this case, in non-small cell lung cancer it can be high. And what I can tell you is that our analysis of the data thus far makes us very confident that Yervoy is a big part of what we're seeing today. And it's not just Opdivo, but the Yervoy is part of this as well. And I want to mention as you said, its low dose Yervoy that's given every 6 weeks and has that advantage in terms of being well tolerated by patients as we move forward. So, I think that it's not just TMB or the combo it really is a story about both and I'll turn it over to Giovanni for his thoughts. 
Giovanni Caforio: So, I just had a couple of comments. So first of all, I want to strength again, reinforce what Tom was saying about the importance of the combination about Opdivo and Yervoy. This is the third tumor type, in which we have seen data that makes us really excited about the potential of this combination, melanoma, renal now, non-small cell lung cancer.  The second thing that I want to say is that I'm quite proud actually of the work that we've done in optimizing the regimen and I think that's really important, the dose and schedule of the Yervoy as part of the combination are really important. Based on the totality of the data that we have seen so far you know our confidence and our broadline cancer program has only increased. And I think that’s important because in parallel it also strengthens overall the growth outlook for the company. So obviously it starts with patients but I think this is a really important time for the company overall as well. 
Operator: Thank you. And now we’ll take our next question Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, your line is now open. 
Jami Rubin: Thank you. Just a couple of questions, maybe please first if you can address the commercial implications of TMB, just curious what payers KOL doctors are saying about TMB. I know this is new and exciting but how typical is this in their practice. And if you could talk about the size of frontline loan market effected by patients with high TMB, your press release said that 45% of patients expect high TMB but is that 45% of the total market, or is that 45% of a share of the market and I ask because we go back and look at CheckMate-26, I think you evaluated 60 of the population. So, if you could put that into perspective.  And then just lastly, maybe for you Tom, how confident are you now in hitting overall survival and for part 1A of the study and did I hear you right? I think earlier you did say that in the earlier question that you would also look at OS and TMB although I wasn’t clear and then just lastly is this highly registrational trial? Thanks very much and congratulations.
Giovanni Caforio : Thanks Jennie. First of all, I’m also excited that we were able to announce what we’ve been able to do today, clearly following the science and looking at tumor mutational burden as a biomarker has been the right scientific approach in first line lung cancer and congratulations to Tom and his team for being to deliver on that.  We are also commercially and medically are very excited about TMB. It appears to be a highly predictive biomarker, as you know it's the foundation 1 test recently was recently FDA approved. And in parallel to that FDA approval, they are pursuing a national coverage determination for CMS Medicare coverage and reimbursement of that test upon indication as companion diagnostics.  So, we’re very, very excited about that and in terms of size of the front-line lung cancer population, clearly you know the design of 227, we designed this trial to exclude ALK- and EGFR positive patients. So, the 45% number applies to the TMB patients that were tested in the trial.  And I think you alluded to the ascertainment rate while it was 60% in the trial, we have a lot of confidence that that will rise with improvements to methodologies, pathology techniques as well as surgical techniques. So, we’re hopeful that, that will improve overtime and I would say that we’re very ready for this, the team at Bristol-Myers Squibb has been focused on the translational side but also on helping educate physicians. I would say in the academic centers, there is a high degree of awareness of TMB and there is already quite substantial testing today. I would say it gets much lower than that when you go out into community oncology and that’s where we’re focusing a lot of our educational and continuing research efforts. We have an ongoing safety clinical trial in first line lung cancer looking at patients with Opdivo and low dose Yervoy being treated after having their TMB accessed. And that’s being conducted through our I-O icon network, we have a great partnership with a large network in community oncology, so it will help to be able to generate data and describe the safety profile of the drug, on a must larger community base population. And then of course as we pursue regulatory approval, the commercial organization will be ready to focus on a number of different important audiences inclusive of the ones you mentioned.  Lastly, I would say from a payer perspective, this is very positive event. I think both clinicians and payers have been looking for a better way, to segment the first-line lung cancer market and I think with the advent and exciting information that we have, that we hope will be presented as Tom said, at an upcoming Scientific Congress and publish thereafter. We hope that we will be able to go to payers in the U.S and around the world and say, this is a patient population that discretely benefits from Yervoy, low dose Yervoy plus Opdivo. So, we are very excited about that in commercial ramp. Thanks 
Thomas Lynch: So, - I mean just eco something which Giovanni said, I think when you have a data set like this, which is highly statically significant and most importantly, probably more importantly, clinically meaningful, I think that does increase our confidence in a number of different elements of our entire lung cancer program, not just study 227, remember f we have got study 9LA, which is coming after this via part 2, which will only chemo combo and then we have our IDO studies. So, I think that’s an important finding today.  I think the second thing you asked is about whether we were looking at OS and TMB and as I mentioned earlier, we will be looking at overall survival and TMB as you know, that’s event driven and, when the data matures, we look forward to sharing them broadly at that point.  I think the second question you asked is about our confidence in hitting overall survival in part 1, as you know, we have not seen any overall survival data. The hurdle for stopping the study early is usually extremely high and again its event driven and we look forward to seeing that data when the required number events occur at that point.  And your final question came down of a - do we look at this data as registrational. I think as we said earlier, we are eager to share this information with regulators in the United States and in the EU, because I think Murdo put it very nicely. We think this is going to make a big difference for doctors and for patients, and as someone who's treated lung cancer for 30 years, to me this kind of data is the kind of data the doctors are asking for, they want to be able to know which patients are going to benefit and I think it's going to have the opportunity to really change the way we think about non-small cell lung cancer. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Baum, from Citi, please go ahead, your line is now open. 
Andrew Baum: Thank you and congratulations. Three questions please. Obviously, we are operating in the dark so, we haven’t seen the 189 or 227 or the mono data from GT-7 but with that in mind, three questions.  Number one, is it going to be the enemy of the great care? And what I mean by that is the low friction associated with Keytruda chemo problematic in persuading clinicians to adopt the more expensive and arguably more toxic therapy which requires educational support.  And then along the same lines of that, in terms of friction, you mentioned the need for continued education but also there is a 12-day turnaround for TMB, to what extent can that be addressed and how quickly can we migrate to quickly can we migrate to the liquid TMB assets here.  And then the last question is in terms of cut off, which picked up on one of Tom's points about the relevance of TMB to identify patient populations and other indications. Do you have a firm sense that this cutoff is transferred across indications exactly which is much apparent decision and as anything driven by science in terms of identifiable number? There is that consistency here or is it going to be around the indication-by-indication basis. Many thanks and congratulations again. 
Giovanni Caforio : Why don't you start with commercial and Tom can go?
Charlie Bancroft: Yeah, thanks Andrew. I think the way I would approach my view of the first line lung cancer market is, we've known for a while that PD-L1 expression has been a perfect biomarker in being able to stratify and select patients. Now with this very large dataset, we've been able to establish the value of a high predictive biomarker in TMB. And we have a compelling profile of Opdivo plus low dose Yervoy as a result. And I think that that really is an opportunity for us to redefine the way in which clinicians, payers and patients think about first line lung cancer. So, we're excited about that.  I think there will still be a role for PD-L1 expression to play to understand where other options and other treatment modalities should be used. But I think the compelling nature of these data and the predictive nature of TMB will allow us to establish a very good presence in the market. I would also say that the partnership with Foundation Medicine has been a good one for us. We're working very closely with them to understand the logistics of how TMB testing and patterns of testing are currently occurring. I would say that academic centers are doing very well in turnaround time and tissue ascertainment.  And I think that that will propagate into the community. It will take some time and obviously when physicians see a very compelling clinical profile, I think that that is likely to lead to an acceleration and testing and an improvement in turnaround times. Although, our hope is that we would establish testing for TMB as a panel type of test as a test that occurs early in the diagnosis of a patient so that it is available to the primary treating physician early in that treatment decision making process. And that's our goal really going forward. So, the turnaround time today will hopefully not be an impediment as we go forward. For the liquid biopsy question, I'll turn it back to Tom. 
Thomas Lynch: I think one of the things that I would start off by saying is that, I'm incredibly proud of our translational capability as Giovanni mentioned in his remarks and how we approach this. Let me give you a little sense of how we got to a cutoff of 10 for TMB. What we gave as we looked at number of studies that we have done in lung cancer. We look to study 12, study 568, we look to study 26. And then we've looked at different cut points of the tumor mutational burden that were able to best segregate outcomes and best to get for who is what have better response and better benefit than others. And we are why at a cutpoint of 10. Now I have to say, let's stress something else. This is very early in the understanding of this biomarker, this is the first important report of it applied to a randomized trial. As I remember, this is a prospective analysis that we did using our archival tissue, but it was the analysis itself was a perspective and I think that's important to keep in mind.  I think you have to think about other biomarkers. Look at how we understand how to use receptant in patients with breast cancer. You know is it two plus or was it three plus and it became understanding that amplification was the key issue and so it really is early in the process and while I think data, I’ve seen that 10 is going to be the number, I hope 10 is going to be the number forever, can I promise you that someday we’re not going to file up the numbers really 8 or 12 and as other companies and other investigators look at this in their data sets might we learn more, absolutely and I remain open to collaborating across investigators in that respect.  I think the second thing about the test that’s important, is this is the highly validated test while the number might be something with time that might get adjusted for indication by indication. The test itself is highly validated and on November 30 at 2017 it was actually approved by the FDA.  So, while we need to work with foundation on the companion diagnostic indications, we’ll obviously work with them in the FDA at that point. The test itself is solid and we feel very good about that. And that brings us to the last question we ask which is when do we think blood-based assays will come in and I think there was great promise for blood base assays and I think that will make this process much easier for patients. On the other hand, we don’t quite haven’t yet, we’re closed. And again, we look forward to working with the number of diagnostic companies that have insight into how we can create better ways of looking at TMB.  What I can tell you today is I think that our findings in study 227 may increase the imperative and the urgency of coming up with better ways and assessing TMB and I think blood base biomarkers will be one of them. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Schott from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, your line is now open. 
Chris Schott: Great, thanks very much for the questions and congrats on the data. Just the question on this TMB data set and the competitive landscape in front line. When you consider the other data sets from these all all-comer chemo combos data sets out there, what sort of hurdle that you consider as you think about the commercial kind of opportunity here. Basically, do we need to see improved hazard ratios in this TMB population relative to some of those overall competitor data sets for chemo combo data sets that you talked about here to see physicians adopt or do you think it's really a debate here of some physicians preferring, kind of IO-IO versus IO-chemo. So just trying to get a little bit of sense, how you’re thinking about that. My second quarter we’re just clarifying earlier comments on filing. I guess do you think there is a potential pathway to file this data earlier than lead 2018 2019 read-out from the OS arm of the 18 study. I’m sure you understand a little bit on the filing dynamics there. Thanks so much. 
Giovanni Caforio : Let me start and then I’ll ask Murdo and Tom to jump in. So first of all, the progression free survival was the core primary end point of this study and so given the strength of the data as Tom mentioned we will discuss that with regulatory authorities but that was the core primary endpoint of the trial and in the TMB part of the study is the data is, that data is mature and ready.  With respect to your question about competitiveness, I think what’s important here obviously Tom has said many times and we believe that lung cancer is a very heterogeneous disease, is a very broad set of disease. In fact, you know 30% of it is treated by physicians in the academic and hospital setting, up to 70% is there in the community.  So, it's obvious that depending on competitive data set and our data that we’ll always be physician preferences in patient profiles that are more indicate different treatment options. But I think what’s important here, is the ability to identify a patient population that is, that has potential to respond to treatment strategy with the regiment of Opdivo plus Yervoy, what’s also important here, is the ability to identify patients that are not likely respond and both are really critical, so I think the biomarker here is very important, it identifies the population of patients that should be treated in our mind, based on the data, with Opdivo plus Yervoy, and it also helps to define which patient actually made that, which patients may benefit from a different treatment their strategy. Because it is clear that for patients with low TMB going for a combination of immuno-oncology agents may not be the right strategy. So, I think there is clearly room in this market for most evolve treatment strategies, but the data is very compelling. 
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, thanks Giovanni, I would also eco the way the market is right now. There is lot a lot of questions on the mind of treating physicians on what to do in lower PD-L1 expressing patients, in terms of treatment options available. We know what the - 21 G-set dataset, we haven’t as you mentioned seen the 189 datasets, but there is still a lot of patients in the market who have low PD-L1 expressions, who are not receiving an immunotherapy options. With the TMB in biomarker, we are able to look across all PD1 expression and in rich for a population with TMB and we have been able to in this clinical trial demonstrate a benefit in PFS with Opdivo plus low-dose Yervoy and I think that’s a very compelling treatment option for clinicians going forward.  The combination of PD-L1 and TMB makers to also be as Giovanni said, a very useful way to select patients out of immune checkpoint inhibition, but given the very broad program that we have with 227 and other clinical trials that Thomas described, we will be able to answer many more of those questions going forward and I am excited about that, I think that over the next year and a half, two years, we will be able to help physicians out there understand exactly when and where to use, what treatment option and I am also pleased that we are developing all of those treatments options within our own portfolio.
Thomas Lynch: Now I just think I eco those two, one of those two comments and again I think that I look at this as being data that we eagerly look forward to sharing with the regulatory agencies, and I think that’s answers your question, about how we are going to proceed. 
Operator: Thank you, the next question comes from Tim Anderson, from Bernstein. Please go ahead, your line is now open. 
Tim Anderson: Thank you. I just want to stay on those, is your filability of this data. So, you know Bristol, sort of commonly said that PFS is an imperfect predictor of OS. And I think we have seen that in certain datasets overtime by different companies, including Bristol.  And if I think about TMB in O26 at least, what was published as a later analysis on OS, there wasn’t -- there is a big PFS benefit looking at TMB fabrication but there wasn’t much of an OS benefit. And if I -- Tom, you kind of said, we’re early in our understanding of TMB as a biomarker. So, without having OS data, I am still struggling to see how this is data that FDA were accept for approval essentially.  And if you could maybe just clarify your comments earlier on the biomarker saying, we're very early in our understanding, but at the same time you're saying it's very validated. So maybe that's just the technical point about validation. And the last question is have you seen in the Opdivo monotherapy data out of 227 such that you can put Opdivo plus Yervoy in the context?
Thomas Lynch: So, Tim, thank you. Let me just I can answer the second question really quickly. And that, as I mentioned today, we're commenting on the two coprimary endpoints. And there are number of secondary endpoints in the study and we look forward to sharing those at in upcoming medical meeting and publishing those and going over those in detail.  So, to your first question which again, thank you for the chance to clarify my answer to Andrew's question earlier. What I'm saying we're early in the understanding of TMB. I'm not saying that we're early in understanding how to measure it in the validity of measuring it. So, the foundation one test has been highly validated and it's been FDA approved as a test, meaning, when you test somebody's tumor for TMB, that answer you're going to get is reproducible and is meaningful in terms of being a validated test. This is not a test that's does not have their vigor of other areas. When I was responding to Andrew's question on the question of the cutoff. Could the cutoff be different in a different cancer type of different tumor type sure could. We don't have another data yet, as I mentioned you were looking at TMB in more than 100 different studies that we're doing. And is it possible that we'll possible the TMB for colorectal cancer might be different of pancreas cancer might be different or gastric cancer might be different, it might be. And that's what it ends up by saying we're early into the, not that we're early in this scenario of 227. So, I think that's important.  The second question comes down to PFS versus OS. Now as you know, many many drugs have been approved based on PFS, in fact our own 067 experience. And Melanoma was approved first based on PFS before we have the OS data. And as you also know Tim, frequently almost always, PFS data comes before OS data comes, not always but often it comes before that in the setting.  And we look forward to seeing the OS data on this trial, we have not as I mentioned to you, we have not seen any overall survival data from 227 yet. And we have as much curiosity as you about this. What I will say is that one of the things doctors do as when I look at a study with the size and robustness of this trial, this was a total number of patients on study 227 is nearly 2400-2500 patients.  And so, it's a large trial with the result which is highly statistically significant and clinically meaningful. And in that setting, I believe particularly what's meeting an unmet medical need. When there are patients out there who are not getting IL therapy that we have excellent data for now that shows can benefit from IL therapy I think that's a very compelling case for why this matters. 
Operator: Next question comes from Jeffrey Holford from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. 
Jeffrey Holford: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. So just three quick here. I don't know if you going to be observe anything now about PD-L1 spaces. I assume that's going to be subgroup analysis to this, within this I remember that when we look to CheckMate-2060 high TMB PD-L1 greater than 50%. It was a stunning result there and maybe perhaps what we’re going to be looking at here is something like breast cancer where I think physicians are more than 2 points on a matrix like node status and hormone receptor status. Perhaps it could be tumor patient burden and PD-L1 status that really drives these as a combo. So maybe some comments on that. Second do you think the rationale for tumor mutation burden also works in chemo combo and triple combo with Opdivo- Yervoy chemo, there is no reason why that rationale shouldn’t work just as well. And then last, few questions about the file-ability of this data here. Do you not think that the Keynote-21 G approval acts as a strong president for file-ability here? Thank you. 
Thomas Lynch: So, let’s take this a little bit by in order. So first I think Jeff your comment about PL-1 status in TMB the interactions between the two I think is a very interesting one, we just got this data, so we look forward to looking at that and looking at many of the other potential understanding and relationships we can have once we have some time with the data to take a look at that but I do think there is a possibility that, that might help to find a population that might benefit.  I think one thing Murdo said earlier and Giovanni echoed as well what I think is really important which is you could imagine a scenario where a combination of biomarkers be the PDL-1 and TMB, good to find patients who do not benefit from IO agents at all. And might say these are patients we should treat with another type of experimental therapy or chemotherapy in that setting. So, I share your enthusiasm for looking at that interaction between the two biomarkers as well will look at the interaction among all the biomarkers that we look at in lung cancer.  Second point you rate Jeff is a question of rationalizing -- whether TMB will hold with chemo. Again, as I mentioned we’re looking at this in more than 100 different scenarios and again we just haven’t seen data yet in that setting and we look forward to seeing that because I think that will add more color to the patients and how the patients benefit in that setting.  And then the final question of file-ability, as you know we don’t comment on our relationships or actual discussions with the FDA and we certainly don’t comment on the strategy the other companies might have used in getting their trials approved.  What I will say is that we do look forward to sitting down with the FDA and the EMA and sharing with them this data set because we think it is the potential to be a highly significant for patients. 
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming Umer Raffat from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead your line is now open.
Umer Raffat: Hi, thanks so much for taking my questions. John, I figured everyone else is asking multiple, so I’ll ask multiple today as well. First, I guess the first and the main question I have is I just wanted to understand how you guys went about changing the stat plan, like what informed that decision and specifically what informed these specific sets of changes that lets pool the part-1A, part-1B let’s put only PFS but not OS and TMB positives. Just curious about that, one.  Secondly, I know the slides say the CTLA force rolled is 'validated', I was just curious if you could explain how and presumably you’ve seen the PFS curves on combo versus mono and TMB high as well.  And then finally I noticed foundation medicine defines high TMB as 20 mutations per megabit. I mean granted all that is still in flux, and I know you guys are using 10 mutations per megabit. So, I guess my question is how does your data look for combo versus chemo in 10 to 19 mutations per megabit versus 20 plus mutations per megabit and I only ask because EMA has been doing some of this in prior regulatory reviews. For [indiscernible]. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio : So Umer, thank you for your questions. So, I’ll start off with the first one, which is how did we change the stat plan, and why do we change the step plan. And so just to give you a sense, the data in lung cancer has been developing an emerging incredibly quickly. And this -- the way -- our understanding of the biology of lung cancer has improved. So, we look the study 26 and I don’t know if you guys noticed, but 26 didn’t exactly hit what we were hoping for in that setting. So, we looked at in great detail about why, didn’t it work and what were the differences and let’s do a whole excellent sequencing of our patients on study 26 to be able to look in great detail, to understand what about our patient population might have been different.  And it was -- while we were doing that, that we began to understand based on some data with Yervoy and tumor mutational burden in the past and other emerging data that was being generated by a translational medicine group that TMB might turn out to be an important marker, okay.  And that’s how we came upon TMB and then we look at it, 568, which is a practice informing study of about 300 patients of lung cancer, and that gave us more depth of data to look at TMB and lung cancer and the same thing with study 12 and so those three things said - that it is looks like this might be an important biomarker. So, we change the stat plan to enable us to give us, to give us the size, remember we nearly double the size of study of part 1A of the trial. That was really important to be able to do, which gives us the statistical optionality to be able to look at a marker like TMB, while still preserving the ability to look at that - to look at OS in a PL1 defined patient group.  So that’s really, I think the background for how we got there. I think what I can say about CTLA 4 being validated in this setting, is from our look at the data we have seen so far, we believe that Yervoy is a very important part of this story, and we think that Yervoy is clearly critical to the benefit in this TMB high patient population as well, I say at this point.  And your last question is really interesting, regarding TA foundation might say, 20 is high, what happens between 10 and 19, what happens between 6 and 10, those are all excellent questions, we just haven't yet gotten to the point, where we have been able to look at all the variation across.  What I can tell you is, when we look at the three datasets, I told you about 26, 12 and 568, we found 10, was an endpoint that the distinguished in lung cancer, using the foundation 1 assay outcome. And then when we prospectively analyze that in a patient sample, using our cart tissue, we were able to show this result. I can’t tell you the patients who have got 25 don’t do even better, they might. Where the patients who have 7 might also do well. And again, those are all things I think we are going to learn with more time. 
Operator: Thank you. So, next person is Geoff Meacham, from Barclays. Please go ahead, your line is now open. 
Geoffrey Meacham: Hey guys, good morning and thanks for the question. I just had a couple. On TMB, what work have you guys done in other tumor types beyond lung, and I guess at this point, what do you think is the next step in tumor types that you already have your formal approval are you think, we are doing that, or do you think the more logical path our indications, or you haven’t seen more IL activity. And then on 227, Tom as the data for Part A and Part 1A and B mature. How important do you think overall PFS and OFR on an ITT basis not the TMB segment. Thank you. 
Charlie Bancroft: Jeff. Just the first comment on your first question. As Tom mentioned, we are measuring TMB in over 100 trials. You will remember that one of the first trials in which we started stratifying for TMB status was [indiscernible] that's included in the study design. We're looking at TMB across multiple types of tumors lines of therapy. And obviously as our clinical development program evolves, we will learn much more about the role of TMB in selecting patient populations outside of lung cancer. 
Thomas Lynch: And Jeff for the question on 227. I think the couple of things I want to emphasize on what we have now that what we haven't looked at yet. So, in a group of patients with high TMB regardless of PD-L1 expression. And remember these are also across histology. So, including both squamous and non-squamous. The addition of low dose Yervoy two Opdivo improve PFS in that setting. What we haven't reported the overall survival from a PD-L1 selected group. And you'll seeing that data down the road. And there is really not much more we can say about the survival data. I'd love to have the answer now as well, and I'm sure you would as well. We just don't have that data yet. And we look forward to having that dataset. Again, I keep coming back to the fact that there is, that was still early in our understanding and there is a lot of data that's going to emerge not just from our studies in lung cancer, but from other investigators working with other agents in this disease and we're going to keep learning and we're keep following that biology as we did in this circumstance to improve outcome. 
Operator: Next question comes from Vamil Divan from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. 
Vamil Divan: Great. Thanks very much for taking my questions. Just two more on 227. So just following up I think on prior comments. So, one, solid very positive comments and data on TMB and PFS. I'm still wondering why you've decided to stick with PD-L1 and as the driver for the OS analysis for Part 1. When you're making the changes, why you do not change that also be TMB. I know you can't talk about that end points now but, maybe you can clarify why the decision was made the way it was. And then the second part you mentioned Part 1B is now finished. And as I'm curious as to why is that not continuing to CT OS data, why are we stopping that one. Why are you stopping that one now, was there something that you in the interim analysis or was that always the plan as you just did your stats plan to not look for OS benefit in that population. Thanks. 
Giovanni Caforio : So, Vamil thank you for your questions. I'd say couple of things to answer them. The first question is, Part 1B is finished because we used patients from Part 1B that were PD-L1 negative, but high TMB there in the TMB analysis. And the second thing is as we then design part 2 which is acting the Opdivo chemo question across a broad group of patients regardless of their PD-L1 status. And that's the way we design in this fiscal analysis.  I think your question on, the first part of your question on overall survival for TMB versus overall survival in the PD-L1 reflected patient population. Because this study is so large, that's one of the things again one of the thing people asked earlier and how do we change it and why do we change it? We wanted to have optionality to look at a couple of the important questions and value reported PFS on this we just haven’t seen the OS data for TMB and so it's entirely that we will see OS data from TMB and we look forward to seeing that data but we just have not seen that data at this point. We’re waiting for that data set to mature. At the same time, we have this preserved ability to look at overall survival in a PDL-1 population. So, I think that those are really important points to get across. And part 1-B was the smallest of all the three parts of study-227 and part-2 has almost 750 patients. So, if you’re wondering about the chemo question with Opdivo that will be answered in part-2 of our study. 
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Marc Goodman from UBS. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Marc Goodman: Yes, couple. So first of all, I just want to try and understand remind us about O26 and when you describe that you hit on PFS but not on OS. Why in this case you feel confident that -- what are the key differences so that we can have more confidence that you’ll hit on OS financial year.  And then second each quarter you guys are pretty good about giving us Opdivo sales and the breakdown of where it comes from. So, if you could do that for the quarter, that will be helpful.  And then third you mentioned FGF I know we’ve been waiting, did you actually talk to the FDA, have you signed off on Phase 3, when will you begin and what you should be looking for as endpoints there? Thanks. 
Giovanni Caforio : So, Mark let me start with the FGS-21 maybe. As you know we had discussed that we were in conversation with the FDA to start to the next phase of development for FGS-21 one of the veins we discussed with the FDA was the fact that we had in our original set is we have not included a post treatment biopsy of different doses, so we’ve decided to go ahead with the study that we’ll be looking at post treatment biopsies before we move into a large phase-3 study and that study is starting right now. 
Thomas Lynch: So just to quickly address the question on the O26 I assume you’re talking about the O26 retrospective look that we did, that we presented at ACR last year that showed a PFS, but I think you separate amount by PFS based on TMB in that setting. There is a lot of cross over remember in O26 and it was again used to generate hypotheses generating data. It was not a predefined pre-specified prospective analysis like 227 was. 
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, thanks for the question Mark. For Opdivo sales by major tumor type and I’ll give you US numbers and I can give you a worldwide after that. But we currently enjoy roughly 44 to 50% of our business from lung, that’s all lungs because we continue to get a bit of off label first line lung cancer usage particularly in squamous. In renal, about 18 to 22% head in neck around 5 to 10% melanoma, 14 to 20% and then there is a kind of all others then you should think of this as probably early update in leading indications because of the approvals now in HCC and adjuvant melanoma. We’ve got about 9 to 15% there and the reason I give ranges is its very hard obviously to get specific point estimates by tumor types.  I’ll just give you the lung number, when you go worldwide, that claims to between 50 and 60% and that’s because of the strength we have in ex-US markets in lung cancer, because of the leading physician we have been able to establish through earlier access approval, particularly strength in markets like Japan and France, so, very strong performance in lung outside the U.S.
Operator: Certainly, last question is Jason Gerberry from Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Jason Gerberry: So just one quick regulatory question on 227. So is the thought that, you would need in TMB high favorable OS as a secondary endpoint for to gain full approval and European approval, or that the co-primary endpoints in different sub-population would be registration enabled. I just wanted to get clarification of that, in light of Merck’s comment earlier in their 3Q about needing OS to drive approval in the target population they are going after.  And then just one other question, just can you provide the proportion of -- how prevalent TMB high is in PD-L1 negative patients? Thanks. 
Giovanni Caforio : Jason let me just, maybe answer that question. We are not going to comment more on our regulatory interactions, but I just want to stress the TMB part of the study met its primary end point and the primary end point is progression free survival in that study and we look forward to discussing that with the regulatory authorities around the world. I think that, Thomas said earlier that we have just received the topline data, there are a significant number of secondary analysis that we will be conducting and we look forward to presenting that data together with other analysis at a future meeting, obviously as we have mentioned the study looked at TMB regardless of PD-L1 expression and so it included patients across the full spectrum of PD-L1.  So, let me just close and thank everybody for participating in the call. And in closing I like to reaffirm my enthusiasm for the results we have shared with you today and during my carrier, I have many, many years in oncology, I can’t remember a time in which cancer research was advancing at the speed, that we are experiencing today and I am very proud that we at the MSR at the forefront of incredible scientific advances. We had a great year in 2017 and I am very confident in the multiple opportunities that we are pursuing to be build a strong future for the company in 2018 and beyond. Thank you.  Thanks everybody. Appreciate your time. 
Operator: Thank you. So, ladies and gentlemen that conclude today’s Bristol Myers fiscal 2017 fourth quarter results conference call. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
Analysts: Umer Raffat - Evercore ISI Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Chris Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2017 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Tracy, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining the call today to review our third quarter earnings. With me are Giovanni Caforio, our CE; Charlie Bancroft, our CFO. Both Giovanni and Charlie will have prepared remarks. And then, as well, Murdo Gordon, our Chief Commercial Officer, and Tom Lynch, our Chief Scientific Officer are here for Q&A. Take care of the Safe Harbor language first. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I want to say a few words about the situation in Puerto Rico. As you know, this is a significant humanitarian issue, and we are very focused on ensuring our people are safe and that we support ongoing efforts to provide disaster relief. We have two manufacturing plants as well as commercial operations on the island. Our first priority following the hurricanes was to make sure our people were safe. And I'm pleased to report we've accounted for 100% of our colleagues on the island. With respect to our operations, we do not expect to have any supply disruption. There's been a tremendous effort by our teams to make this happen, and that effort is ongoing. They've done a great job executing against our contingency plans, despite very difficult operating conditions. Going forward, it remains essential the infrastructure is restored as rapidly as possible. Now, getting back to the quarter. I'm pleased that we had another good quarter, with continued strong performance across the company. We grew our revenue by 7%, with double-digit growth for Opdivo, Eliquis and Orencia. In oncology, Opdivo had another very good quarter. Despite increasing competition, Opdivo's performance across all indications continued to be very strong. Globally, we delivered a 38% increase. In the U.S., we maintained a strong share of the second line lung market in the high-30s. We are also seeing really good performance in other tumors, with strong shares in renal and melanoma. Outside of the U.S., we are seeing strong performance, as we move along the launch curve in those markets. Our regulatory and clinical achievements positioned us well for continued growth of our I-O portfolio. We secured FDA approvals for Opdivo in both liver and colorectal cancers, as well as an approval in Japan for gastric cancer. And the FDA also expanded the Yervoy indication to include pediatric melanoma patients. Our sBLA for Opdivo in adjuvant melanoma was granted priority review and given breakthrough designation. We announced the results from CheckMate-214 in renal cell cancer, which was stopped early for overall survival in intermediate to poor risk patients. We believe this is an important result that validates the rationale for combining Opdivo and Yervoy. We presented important data at World Lung (04:40) on TMB in small cell lung cancer, and we're looking forward to presenting new data on our IDO at SITC. Looking ahead, there are a number of milestones with the potential to significantly expand our efforts, to bring the benefits of immuno-oncology to a broader set of patients. We expect to see the final results for the combination in first-line non-small cell lung cancer from CheckMate-227 in the first half of 2018. We are also looking forward to seeing data for Opdivo in first-line HCC and for the combination in head and neck and small cell lung cancer next year. And our next wave I-O agents have tremendous opportunity to build further approaches, to expanding the number of patients who benefit from combining I-O agents within our portfolio. I'm really looking forward to the initiation of registrational studies for IDO and LAG-3. Outside of oncology, our portfolio performance was strong, with Eliquis delivering 39% growth. We see continued growth opportunity for Eliquis where real-world data is reinforcing its important role in reducing stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation. We're looking forward to additional real-world data for Eliquis later this year at AHA. I'm very encouraged to see our diversified pipeline advance, with good progress on our FGF21 agent in NASH. We are in discussions with the FDA and plan on beginning the next phase of our program in 2018. We're also progressing our pipeline in immunoscience, where we expect two early-stage assets, our BTK inhibitor and our TYK-2 inhibitor to deliver proof-of-concept data in the coming months. These are promising medicines in areas where there is an important need for new treatment options. During the quarter, we pursued several strategic business development deals, to further build our portfolio and pipeline, specifically in immuno-oncology. We acquired IFM, which expands our assets in innate immunity, an area of promising early science. We also signed an agreement with Clovis to start a joint development program for its PARP inhibitor. And our agreement with Halozyme positions us to enhance the delivery of our cancer treatments. I believe we have the most promising early pipeline we have had in a long time, and our capabilities to deliver that pipeline are evolving significantly. We have strengthened our investment in translational research, tumor biology and real-world data, as a part of our integrated R&D approach. As Tom can describe in more detail, we believe that these capabilities position us well, to continue to demonstrate the value of our medicines and regimens for patients. And so, with that, I'll turn the floor over to Charlie. Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Giovanni. Good morning, everyone. This was another important quarter for the company, with strong sales growth across our key brands. Let me begin with a brief discussion of product performance starting with I-O. As Giovanni mentioned, we delivered strong commercial performance, as we maintained leading share in the U.S. for Opdivo in second-line lung and renal. We also drove continued adoption in melanoma and other indications. International growth was robust, and we achieved additional reimbursement approvals, including non-small cell lung cancer in the UK and lung and renal in Australia. Looking forward in building on our strong foundation, we believe we have meaningful opportunities ahead with potential approvals in adjuvant melanoma and first-line renal cell. For Yervoy, we see near-term market dynamics as somewhat mixed. We expect some pressure due to adoption of Opdivo in adjuvant melanoma, but potential for extended use of the regimen in intermediate poor risk first-line renal cell. Our strong commercial execution across the portfolio was also driven by exceptional performance for Eliquis, which saw a 39% worldwide growth in the quarter, bringing the product to almost $5 billion in annualized revenue. As we described in the past, the impact of the U.S. coverage gap increases considerably in Q3 and Q4 compared with the first half of the year. Though this put a headwind on U.S. sales during the quarter, the 8% sequential increase in TRx reflects strong underlying demand growth. Globally, Eliquis is the number one NOAC in the U.S., Japan and Canada and is the leading brand in terms of new-to-brand scripts in important markets such as Germany, the UK and Spain. With Eliquis continuing to extend its lead within the NOAC class and the category poised for continued expansion, we believe that Eliquis is well-positioned for growth going forward. Orencia and Sprycel delivered strong performance during the quarter, delivering year-on-year growth of 10% and 8%, respectively. This is meaningful growth for products at this stage of their life cycle and illustrates the very good commercial execution we've seen across the portfolio. Turning to our non-GAAP P&L. I'd like to start by discussing our gross margin. While we are pleased by the demand trends and our performance during the quarter, gross margin was pressured due to product mix, particularly the strong growth of Eliquis, coupled with the declines in virology. We also took a one-time, $70 million inventory charge related to HCV, given the competitive dynamics we are seeing globally. Going forward, we expect mix will continue to be the main driver of gross margin. With respect to OpEx. We are delivering on the approach we outlined about a year ago. We've been investing in R&D while finding efficiencies across the rest of our business. Because of the importance of our pipeline for realizing our long-term potential, we continue to view investment in R&D as a key priority. Regarding our tax rate, during Q3, the tax rate was unfavorably impacted by both a reduction in expected credit for the Puerto Rico excise tax from hurricane-related operational disruptions on the island, and from adjustments to our prior year tax liability. Briefly with respect to capital allocation, business development remains a top priority, and Giovanni outlined several key transactions that we executed during the quarter. Additionally, we bought back $225 million of stock during the quarter, and we plan to buy an additional $250 million for the end of the year. Turning to guidance for the remainder of 2017. We are revising our tax rate to 22%, mainly due to Puerto Rico, and I expect our gross margin to be towards the lower end of the range. Having said that, we are encouraged by the business outlook going into the fourth quarter, and we are increasing our non-GAAP EPS range to $2.95 to $3.05. To close, our year-to-date performance has been very strong. Across the company, we've continued to execute and deliver outstanding commercial performance and made important progress in advancing our pipeline. We believe there are tremendous opportunities across our portfolio of marketed products and pipeline assets, and are well-positioned for future success. I'll now turn it back to John for Q&A.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Charlie. Tracy, I think we're ready to go to questions. And just as a reminder, in addition to Giovanni and Charlie, both Tom and Murdo are here. Go ahead, Tracy.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now take our first question from Umer Raffat from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Umer Raffat - Evercore ISI: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. I had a two-part question on tumor mutation burden. First, on the CheckMate 9LA trial, is the type of TMB test that you're using similar to what was done in CheckMate-026? I'm just trying to understand, what's the base test that you intend to use in that trial and perhaps other trials. And then, second, not on statistical plan, but can you confirm that there's been no change to the primary analysis of CheckMate-227? Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Umer, thank you. This is Tom. Thank you very much for your question. And I think the part about TMB is a very interesting one and I think that what this indicates is how we're learning so much more about lung cancer. When you think about lung cancer, it used to be a disease where it was just squamous cell and adenocarcinoma. Now, you have a disease where it's EGFR and ALK and ROS1 and RET fusion proteins and PD-L1 and increasingly, we're starting to understand that TMB is also an important potential biomarker in lung cancer. And you saw three important data sets that we're very happy to present. The first was our CheckMate-026 data that you alluded to at AACR this year, which showed that you could select a group of patients that seem to benefit from Opdivo monotherapy. We showed similar data in bladder cancer, and then, of course, at the World Lung Cancer Meetings last week in Yokohama, we showed data that in small cell lung cancer, we could select patients for both Opdivo monotherapy and Opdivo and Yervoy combination therapy, using TMB as an important biomarker. So we think this is something that's important for us to look at in many of our studies, in a wide variety of tumors. Now, your specific question about how do we measure it, I think, is a very good one. And I think this is a field that is evolving. When you think about how we did it with CheckMate-026, we did whole exome sequencing as a mechanism for doing it, and our plans for CheckMate 9LA will be to use the FoundationOne panel that's a sequencing set of a defined set of genes. And both – the good news is that, as we showed at ACR, whether you do whole exome sequencing or whether you do the Foundation panel, there appears to be excellent concordance between the two types of assay. You don't get the exact same result, but the results are very concordant with each other. I do think this is an area that's going to evolve over the next several years, as TMB becomes a more important marker. I also think it's important to think about, how does one measure TMB? Will it be all tumor based, will it be serum-based, I think that's another area of great interest, and where our translational medicine teams will be putting a lot of their attention. Your second question is regarding the stat plan. And I think I just want to say one thing about CheckMate-227. We really aren't going to be talking about the statistical plan of CheckMate-227. As you know, we have co-primary endpoints of PFS and OS, and we have the optionality of looking at that, but we're not today going to talk about the stat plan of CheckMate-227. But I think your question on TMB is quite important, and one that we continue to look at with great enthusiasm, across a broad variety of tumors.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks for the question, Umer. Tracy, can we go to the next one please?
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Just if I can follow-up on Opdivo. I think Giovanni, you said that the CheckMate-227, we would see the final analysis during the first half of 2018. Can you confirm whether or not there will be an interim – has an interim, in fact, happened and already passed? Is that still a possibility? And then, secondly...
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jami, we lost you.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Can you hear me?
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: There you go. You're back.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Sorry about that. I don't know what happened there. Anyway. As we think about trends next year, you will have hopefully frontline renal, adjuvant melanoma, which are two very important, big opportunities. At the same time, the dynamics will start to change in second-line lung as KEYTRUDA has been used in the frontline for over a year. So can you just sort of high-level help us to think about the pushes and pulls to the Opdivo franchise next year? Bottom line, will sales be up, flat, down, just sort help us to think about that. Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jami, this is Giovanni. Thanks for your questions. So with respect to my comment, let me just say, we've consistently said the final analysis for CheckMate-227 and the timing in the first half of next year, that's really not changed. I'll ask Tom to give you a perspective on interim analysis, and then, maybe Murdo to give you his perspective on current trends for Opdivo. We are, obviously, not going to give any perspective at this point on 2018 more specifically. It's premature to do that, but it's important to discuss existing trends.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And Giovanni, thanks, and Jami, thanks for your question about the interim. So what we said about the interim is that, and as you know, it's event-driven. And you really can't – you don't know when events are going to happen. You have to wait for the events to actually happen and that could be extremely frustrating, because you'd love to be able to say on date X, we're going to have all the events, but they happen when they happen. We predict based on looking at things. We think that the interim will happen either at the end of 2017 or early in 2018, and that's when we expect the interim analysis to happen at that point. But as we've said all along, we expect to have data on CheckMate-227 in the first half of 2018 and we're looking forward to being able to share that data with you when we have that.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And Jami, thanks for the question related to trends on Opdivo. We're, obviously, really pleased about the performance year-to-date on Opdivo and the source of that growth that we're experiencing having stable trends in second-line lung cancer in the U.S. and good growth and penetration of the same opportunity ex-U.S. as we've secured reimbursement, and most recently, seeing reimbursement for Australia and the UK come online ex-U.S. Now, in the U.S., beyond lung, we also continue to hold really high shares in RCC, despite having some strong competition in cabo in second-line. And we also are doing well across our I-O portfolio in first-line metastatic melanoma. And if we look at catalyst for growth going forward, clearly, we're excited about the great data from Opdivo in the adjuvant setting and the NCCN guidelines were updated to reflect those data, so that could lead to some NPS in the near term. We're also hopeful that the strong data from the CheckMate-214 first-line renal cell carcinoma trial, the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy, will be submitted quickly and reviewed quickly, hopefully, for the benefit of patients looking to experience an OS benefit in first-line renal. That's another strong catalyst for growth. And we're just recently launching in hepatocellular carcinoma and the anecdotal early feedback on that is also very strong. So I know there were questions on whether or not we would grow this year in the U.S. I think we've been very good in terms of the commercial and medical and customer facing execution and I feel that we would do everything we can to have a strong performance next year. But obviously, there are a lot of variables and a lot of data sets still to read out and we'll be talking to you over the quarters as we go.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tracy, can we go to next question, please?
Operator: We will now take our next question from Andrew Baum from Citi. Please go ahead.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Thank you. Three questions, please. From memory, I think about 65% of patients in CheckMate-026, you had access to TMB baseline levels, I'm obviously thinking about missing data. What percentage should we be thinking about for CheckMate-227? Second, just to confirm that if, as we believe, the TMB baseline part of your final (22:15) analysis, I'm assuming I would say (22:18) by definition has to be part of the interim and you can mark that in a theoretical way of ex U.S. (22:22)? And then, finally, would you like to share with us any of the differential activity (22:30) combination strong (22:33) CheckMate-012 and CheckMate-568 also with the combination compared to NIVO plus chemo? Thank you.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Andrew, Tom Lynch. Thank you. I did not hear your second question. I'm sorry, I got the first and the third. Just repeat the second?
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Sorry, I'll repeat that. Sure, of course. So I was saying that assuming that TMB – patient selection base from TMB baseline today is (23:02) part of your final analysis. One, should we assume that, by definition, it also has the full part (23:08) of the interim OS analysis?
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you. Okay. So let's talk – Andrew, thank you for your question and let's talk a little bit about where we are with CheckMate-227 and the study. I think a couple of things to say. And as we pointed out for quite some time, CheckMate-227 is not just one study, it's a family of studies. It's a study in expressers, it's a study in PD-L1 non-expressers, and it's a third study in all-comers. And this family of studies, we think, is going to be more than – we think we know is more than 2,400 patients with advanced lung cancer. It's going to give us a lot of information about how to treat patients in first-line non-small cell. When you think about the amount of data that will be coming out in 2018, both from us and from other companies and corporate groups around the world, I think a year from now, we're going to have a much better idea about how to treat patients, how to identify subsets of patients who are going to benefit, and have to really learn how to give patients the best options for treating patients in that setting. Now, your first question comes down to the point about TMB. And you mentioned that we're able to look back in study CheckMate-026 and get about 60% of patients that were able to have a viable (24:30) TMB. And I think one of the things we've said for quite some time is we will continue to do as much work as we can with our studies, retrospectively, looking at TMB when possible. And as we've said, we believe TMB is an (24:44) important enough that we're going to be looking at it in study CheckMate 9LA, and we'll be looking at it in CheckMate 9LA at that point. So we think TMB has potential as a potential biomarker. Your second question is about the concept of looking at TMB in an interim analysis. What we've said about the interim analysis at our last earnings call is that overall survival would be looked at in the interim analysis and that's the extent that we can comment on the stat plan and the interim analysis at this point was just to disclose what the endpoint is for the interim analysis that will be done when the events occur. And then, finally, your question on IPI and NIVO in CheckMate-012 and CheckMate-568, I think a couple of things about the IPI and NIVO. One is, this has been a really important year for IPI and NIVO. It's been a year where just in the past five months, we've seen great confirmation of the value of this combination. It works in melanoma, it works in patients with renal cell, we could not have been happier with the results of study CheckMate-214, and those are studies where we've shown survival advantages in that setting. And we've got five additional tumors where we see clear response rate benefits to the use of IPI and NIVO compared to monotherapy. We await, obviously, PFS and survival benefits in those trials where we've only seen response rate data thus far. So we believe this combination has great potential benefit for patients with cancer. So one of the reasons we did study CheckMate-568 is to get more experience with IPI and NIVO in that setting. So we believe we have a family of studies in lung cancer, which are going to help define the best way to treat patients with non-small cell lung cancer, and we really look forward to sharing that data in 2018 as it becomes available.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tracy, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We will now take our next question from Seamus Fernandez from Leerink. Please go ahead.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thanks for the question. So first off, just wanted to ask on next year, as we think about 2018, Charlie, can you just give us a general sense of the pushes and pulls as it relates to the gross margin? The commentary on $70 million of inventory write-down was certainly helpful. But just trying to get a general sense of what you see as the key pushes and pulls around the gross margin and overall mix for 2018. And then – and maybe Murdo can comment on just sort of the dynamics that he thinks would be the big contributors there as well. And then, on TMB, just wanted to get a better sense of whether or not the blood-based FoundationOne test already has a validation set. So I know that you've got the ability – typically, what I think the FDA requires is there is an exploratory data set followed by a validation data set. And I'm just trying to understand if you can comment on whether or not Bristol considers the blood-based FoundationOne test to be a validated test to apply, whether it be as part of CheckMate-227 or how are you using it in the CheckMate 9LA study? Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Okay. Charlie?
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Okay. Thanks, Seamus. For 2018, by and large, our gross margin has been impacted by mix, notwithstanding this particular quarter where we had the HCV inventory write-off of $70 million. And going forward, it will be guided by mix. And as you know, Eliquis, which has been a nice growth driver for us, has a margin below 50% given the structure of our P&L and our relationship with Pfizer. So you can think of it in the sense of Eliquis growth, although really good on the top line does have a headwind on the margin side. And we're also, although, towards the end of HCV, by and large, we do lose Reyataz and Sustiva in the U.S. at the end of this year and also very high-margin products. So I would think about it in the context of Eliquis being a drag. We are losing some higher-margin products. So you can think about the mix being the most important factor in our gross margin going forward.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And Seamus, just on trends, obviously, we're really pleased with Eliquis demand trends that we're seeing. We're up 8% sequentially quarter-over-quarter in TRx demand and up 37% over same quarter prior year in demand. So the top line demand curve for Eliquis looks very good. As Charlie said, obviously, it has had a lower gross margin than some of our other products. Just another couple of dynamics within Eliquis to keep in mind and I can make a comment on this year, and that is for the third quarter, we did see an increase in the number of patients entering the coverage gap, so that showed some decline in net sales for the quarter in terms of percentage quarter-over-quarter. But overall, we are stable to some slight increase in our gross-to-net, partly due to DoD channels and some strengthening of our access position in the marketplace with some strategic contracting that was done. So overall, Eliquis looks really good. I-O is just really difficult to pin down, because of the number of new data sets and events, both for us and our competition, so we are holding a wide range of potential scenarios for 2018. We, obviously, are, as I said to Jami, we're very pleased with our trends and the quality of execution around the world, and we have some very new Q4 catalyst for growth that should help us pin down what 2018 looks like. But clearly, we feel good about what we've been able to do despite competition in the marketplace with I-O. And as Giovanni mentioned in his opening comments, rest of the portfolio with both Sprycel and Orencia have good trends for (31:01).
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And Seamus, just to answer your question on the blood-based Foundation test, as you know, the three data sets that we reported on tumor mutational burden have been tumor-based evaluations, and that's been in study CheckMate-026 in our bladder cancer experience, and then, also in study with small cell. So those are blood- and (31:24) tumor-based. My recommendation would be to ask the folks at Roche and Foundation. As you know, at ESMO, Roche presented data looking at serum-based and blood-based mutational assays. And I think you'd have to ask them any specific details about where they stand in terms of the validation of the serum-based assays. What I had mentioned earlier was that I personally think that there is a real interest in looking at these. I think these might be very promising and the early looks at them have shown that we seem to be getting very interesting signals from the blood-based assays, and whether these complement serum-based assays – tumor-based assays, or whether they are used instead of, I think, will be an interesting question to find in the next coming years.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tracy, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We will now take our next question from Tim Anderson from Bernstein.
Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. A few questions, please. Can you just [Technical Difficulty] (32:26) maybe by mid 2018 [Technical Difficulty] (32:31) on I-O drugs.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tim, you're really breaking up.
Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Can you hear me?
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: A little better.
Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Is this any better?
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, that's a little better.
Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Can you just [Technical Difficulty] (32:49) perhaps which non I-O drugs [Technical Difficulty] (32:54) is, as more time has elapsed, you still kind of 100% confident [Technical Difficulty] (33:05) biomarker assay, [Technical Difficulty] (33:09)? And last question, again, tumor mutation burden. Do you have any prospective data at this point with TMB, whether it's been released publicly or not? Looks like all the analyses are really done on retrospective data sets. [Technical Difficulty] (33:29), out of Roche analyses and out of even your analyses of CheckMate-026 [Technical Difficulty] (33:37) consistent OS benefit, there's a clear PFS benefit [Technical Difficulty] (33:41) in either your data from CheckMate-026 or Roche's data, if you can kind of explain that?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tim, this is Giovanni. So unfortunately, you were breaking a little. First question, I believe, was about non-oncology assets and opportunities for potential registrational study starts going into 2018. As we've mentioned before, we are working actively on advancing three important programs, LAG-3, IDO, and our FGF21 program in NASH. Over the next few months, we will also see proof-of-concept data on the BTK program and the TYK-2 program. And we look forward to seeing that data as well. So the pipeline in oncology and outside of oncology is progressing. You had two questions. One was whether there is any updated perspective on our PD-1 test, I believe, and the answer there is, I don't think we have really any news to report there, but I'll ask Tom to answer that question, and also give you a perspective on the potential availability data with respect to TMB.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yes. Again, Tim, our apologies, it was very, very hard to hear that question. I'd say, regarding the PD-L1 test, we presented data at recent meetings. It shows that we do believe the PD-L1 test we have is reproducible and is similar to that which is being used by other companies evaluating their drugs. I think your second question about TMB and its ability to predict response rate PFS and overall survival, that's what sounded the question was about. I would say that, as with any biomarker, all those endpoints become incredibly important. And we will look at response rate PFS and overall survival in any group of patients we would look at, in any given data set that we would look at, to be able to determine which is important. I think the relative balance between PFS and OS immuno-oncology is one that is incredibly important. And we love studies that show OS benefits. I think, as many of our agents are beginning to show excellent second- and third-line activity in other areas, PFS may become something that we will look at more often. And I don't think there's any reason to believe we wouldn't look at that in a group of TMB patients in the future, as we would a group of PD-L1 selected patients in the future. And I'm sorry if that's not exactly what you asked, but that's the best of our ability to hear.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tracy, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We will now take our next question from Tony Butler from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, this is Daniel (36:41) for Tony Butler. Could you tell us a little bit about what data we can expect at SITC from your IDO1 inhibitor program? So, would we see some initial efficacy data and, maybe in general, do you see TDO1 or IDO2 as a problem when it comes to IDO1 inhibition? And then, second question concerning TMB, given the fact that mutation frequency in non-small cell lung cancer is highly variable across individual patients, what do you think is the proportion of patients in non-small cell lung cancer that are TMB high? Thank you.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So Tony (sic) [Daniel] (37:30), this is Tom. Thank you. I'll answer the first two questions on IDO. I think I'd say a couple of things about IDO in general. We think IDO is an important target, and we felt this way at Bristol-Myers for the past two to three years. As you know, we purchased the compound from Flexus that is now the BMS IDO inhibitor, and we have a strong partnership with our colleagues at Incyte, which we're working with as well. And, as you know, we presented data with our IDO inhibitor at AACR this year. This suggested that there may be some pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic advantages to our IDO inhibitor. We see excellent inhibition of kynurenine levels and we're able to see good receptor occupancy at doses that appear well tolerated in patients. Now, whether those PK/PD dynamics will be differentiating to the agent, I think we don't know. I think only clinical trials will tell us if it matters for patients. But we think IDO is an important endpoint. We think so much about it that we are proceeding with two separate lines of registrational studies, and we've talked about our plans with Incyte, and we also have plans to begin our studies in melanoma and in non-small cell lung cancer, with the Bristol IDO. Now, as you mentioned, we will be presenting our first clinical efficacy data on IDO at SITC this year, and we look forward to seeing that data at the SITC meeting. I want to say a couple of things about what to expect. You have to remember, this has been a remarkably quick development of this agent from Phase I, all the way into the point where we're now beginning registrational studies. And so, the data does take time to emerge. You will be seeing some efficacy data on one or two tumors at SITC, but most importantly, you'll be seeing some safety data, which we think is very important to get out there at the SITC meeting as well. So some efficacy data and some safety data will be presented at SITC coming up this year. So again, that will be our first important IDO data on our drug. And as we mentioned, we expect to have our studies with our drug registrational studies beginning at the end of this year. Second set of questions comes down to TMB, again, and thinking about what the mutational frequency will be in non-small cell lung cancer. I think it's safe to say that we believe that this is something which is still not what 100% known at this point. I think until you do prospective studies like we're doing in CheckMate 9LA, where you really have a sense of what the overall prevalence of different stratifications of TMB will be, where I think it's safe to say at this point is we think it's a substantial portion of patients with non-small cell lung cancer and that this is an important group of patients to treat. I really do think that you need to see what the TMB percentage is in a group of prospectively treated patients. To really know what the final number is, whether it's 40% to 50%, I think those bands are fairly generous at this point and I think one really wants to see what that looks like. I think what you can say is it's definitely an important percentage of patients with non-small cell lung cancer that may qualify as having elevated or higher TMB.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks. Tracy, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We will now take our next question from Chris Schott from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much. Just two questions here. First on the Opdivo-Yervoy combo in renal, can you just, A, talk about the commercial opportunity here as we think about both products? And B, I know it's a different indication, different dose, but any learnings from that study that influence either your thinking or confidence, whether it's around CheckMate-227 or some of the additional combo studies that you're running in different tumor types. My second question was coming back to TMB. I guess how do you see this balancing relative to PD-1 status, which also seems to predict response in some tumor types, as we think about using these as predictive markers going forward? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Chris, thank you. So I'll ask Murdo to give you some perspective on renal, and then, there are a couple of questions for Tom.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yes, thanks for the question, Chris. When we think about the total renal opportunity for our I-O franchise, we're really excited about the Opdivo plus Yervoy regimen in frontline. Just scale-wise in terms of patient population, the frontline opportunity is roughly twice the size of the second-line opportunity in terms of treated patients. So if you think about the second-line size of patient population being about 8,000 per year, you're about to double that in the U.S. in the first-line RCC treated setting. So I think what we've been able to demonstrate in that trial is compelling overall survival data and obviously, there'll be an update for that presentation at SITC in a little while. And I think depending on labeling, et cetera, that could be a very, very interesting opportunity for us. We have done a nice job in second-line share versus TKI's over 50% right now and holding. And because this is a slower-moving malignancy in terms of progression, the effect on second-line will take longer to materialize than you might see in other malignancies. So at least for next year, you're going to have a nice overlap of an uptake in first-line, if all goes well, and a continuing robust business in second-line.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And Chris, I'll follow-up now with some comments on lung cancer. So the first question is what can you read-through from renal to lung from CheckMate-214 to CheckMate-227. And I think, as I've said in the past, it's very difficult to read-through on efficacy, because you're really looking at different tumors and slightly different schedules. But what you can read-through a little bit on, I think, is tolerability. And I think what we're so happy about CheckMate-214 is that it was a well-tolerated regimen in CheckMate-214 and patients were able to tolerate the regimen. As you know, the CheckMate-227 dose is very similar of Opdivo-Yervoy, with Opdivo being three (44:14), Yervoy being one. Although in the lung cancer regimen, Yervoy is given continuously as opposed to the renal. So there's slight differences in the length of duration, but the toxicity of the early part of the regimen looks very similar and tells us but (44:30) it gives us confidence that the tolerability will be good. And so, I think that that's important. And tolerability is critical, because obviously, if you can't get dose into patients, you're not likely to see the benefits. So it's good to see tolerability in that setting. Your second question is a really good one, which is how does TMB relate to PD-L1 as a marker. And this gets me thinking about how important it is to do good translational medicine studies and the translational medicine and science is really at the heart of what we're trying to do at Bristol-Myers Squibb from an R&D perspective. Six months ago when I started, I told you it's going to be important for us to invest in our translational medicine capacity. We've done that. We're beginning – you can see our work on TMB as a good example of that. I ask you to look at the SITC meeting, and you can see a lot of very interesting preclinical data looking at drugs like OX40 and IDO, and LAG-3 in terms of how they worked mechanistically. And also, this year, we're very happy to announce the appointment of Dr. Saurabh Saha, who is now our new leader of translational medicine at Bristol-Myers Squibb, and he brings a wealth of experience in terms of thinking about how to design drugs, both in the cancer space and in the non-cancer space which brings me back to the question of how do TMB and PD-L1 relate to each other and will these be separate sets of patients? And again, great question. And again, as a lung cancer person, I think about the diversity of tumor markers that we have in lung cancer. We have ALK, we have EGFR, we have RET fusion, we have RAS, we have ROS, we have TMB, and we have PD-L1. We know already that while EGFR and ALK don't usually occur together, we certainly can have situations of co-mutation. We think that RAS tends to be exclusive, but we have seen episodes or examples where you can see both of them. These are the kinds of questions that we're going to need to define prospectively what that relationship between TMB and PD-L1 are, to help us define the groups of patients that are going to benefit most from our drugs. So really interesting questions to look at in the next couple of years.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tracy, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We will now take our next question from David Risinger from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, thanks very much and thanks for providing all the details. I wanted to just ask a couple of follow-ups on CheckMate-227. So could you just clarify your message on CheckMate-227, please? Specifically, is TMB going to be used as part of the primary endpoint analysis and if you set, what TMB high versus medium versus low means? And then, second, given the materiality, should we expect a press release on the CheckMate-227 interim once the look occurs no matter what the results are? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: David, this is Giovanni. Thanks for your question. Let me just say, the discussion we've had today on CheckMate-227 is really very consistent with what we've said before with respect to the timing for the final analysis, the potential and timing for the interim analysis, the flexibility we retain with respect to the statistical plan. And at this point, we are really not in a position to provide any additional insight on the study.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And I think, David, with regard to our press release, we'll evaluate that at the time. I think it's premature to speculate on that. Tracy, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We will now take our next question from Vamil Divan from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question. So one question, just following up I think on the prior comments, regarding CheckMate-214 and the read-through to lung. And you mentioned you likely saw (48:41) on the safety side. I'm just curious, we did still see I think it's about 22% of patients that discontinued due to side effects in CheckMate-214. Is that level of discontinuation due to the adverse events okay in lung cancer or do you think you need to have a better profile when we see that data? And then, second, with all the focus on the combination, I was just curious maybe you can give us a little more color on what's going on in the market right now with melanoma and just in terms of the percentage of use that's with PD-1 monotherapy, how much if it's a (49:13) combination with Yervoy? Is there a difference in terms of community-based doctors versus academic centers or U.S. ex-U.S.? Just how to think about where the use of the combination maybe more and where is monotherapy doing there? Thanks.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So Vamil, thank you for your first question. Again, it's a very interesting point you raised in terms of what level of drug do you need to get into patients to see a benefit. It's really hypothetical, but it's impossible to know at this point what the level is. What you can say it in CheckMate-214 is, is that that level of discontinuation did not force the survival benefit that was seen in renal cell. Whether that is seen in lung or not, we really can't answer until we see the data, but it's a very valid question.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah. And Vamil, just on metastatic melanoma, we continue to see really strong first-line marker (50:14) shares for the regimen. So roughly 30% of all new first-line metastatic melanoma patients receive Yervoy plus Opdivo in combination. And then, if you add up all the remaining monotherapy, it's about another 40%. So you've got a large percentage in combination, a large percentage in Opdivo, and then, the rest made up of KEYTRUDA. We're also seeing some changing dynamics in the adjuvant setting, so that will also change some of what's happening in metastatic, with the update to the NCCN guidelines and hopefully, in the future an approval from the FDA, we would expect rapid uptake of Opdivo in the adjuvant setting, which will change dynamics on Yervoy. So if you're just looking at Yervoy sales, the dynamic underneath Yervoy sales will be declined to some extent on the off-label 3-milligram use that's currently in adjuvant, being replaced by Opdivo 3-milligram and then, continuing to be used in combination with Opdivo in metastatic. So just a dynamic to keep in mind as you think about total melanoma going forward, but we have some strengthening trends on our Opdivo plus Yervoy regimen, and we're very focused on trying to improve our performance in BRAF patients.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Vamil. Can we go to the next question, please, Tracy?
Operator: We will now take our next question from Gregg Gilbert with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you, folks. I have a few. Tom, I know you'll say it depends on the data, but how important do you think Incyte's IDO readout in melanoma is in the first half of next year, both in terms of melanoma, but also read across to other settings? Secondly, on the NASH compound, are you confident that you have FDA's buy-in yet, as it relates to this compounding Phase III ready, based on how you did Phase II? And just a cleanup one on the Halozyme collaboration you mentioned, is this just a chair time benefit, sort of shorter infusion time angle, or is there more to that story? Thanks.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So Gregg, thanks for your question. So first, regarding the Incyte, I will give you a little more color than saying it depends upon the data, because one of the things that I think that we have, one of the things that's influenced our decision-making about IDO as a class, are some of the interesting data that we've seen with our own drug, with epacadostat. What we've seen with epacadostat and Opdivo, we've seen very promising data with epacadostat and Opdivo. And so, I think that looking at the readout that comes from Pembro and epacadostat, I think will certainly be of interest to us as we go forward. Now how this relates to other tumor types, melanoma and – I mean, how it relates to lung cancer and kidney cancer and neck cancer and whatever other cancers we look at IDO in, I think that's very difficult to know. But we will, obviously, be paying attention to that. I think there's a couple things you have to remember between – with antibodies, when you think about the difference between antibodies and small molecules, antibodies are remarkably specific and they have high specificity for their targets. Small molecules do differ, and they can differ by a methyl group here or there that could explain both differences in activity and differences in toxicity. So I think we have to be a little careful about looking too much across readouts of different agents and, ultimately, at the end, it does depend upon the data, so you're correct about that. Second question comes down to where we are with FGF21 and NASH. And again, this is a really important area, something that – an area that we're very excited to be in. It's an area of tremendous excitement and, as I'm sure you know, last week were the big liver meetings, and these were terrifically important meetings where data from a number of companies, including ours, were presented, and we presented an update of our data at an oral session at The Liver Meeting showing that our FGF21 drug is able to reduce hepatic fat. We're in the middle of discussions with the FDA, in order to be able to design the appropriate studies to be able to register our drug, and we look forward to coming up with what the final study design will be in consultation with them. I think one thing that is important to note is that we do believe that biopsy will be necessary in a Phase III trial, to be able to demonstrate efficacies, that indirect or surrogate markers like hepatic fat or Pro-C3 probably won't be enough, and the FDA said as much last week at The Liver Forum that they had, where they basically said they'd like to see more biopsy data from companies, and that was not specific to Bristol-Myers, that was a comment to all the companies that were developing drugs in that setting. So we're looking at our options in terms of how to operationalize this, and we look forward to being able to announce, on clinicaltrials.gov, our plans for moving forward with the timing of FGF21. But you're correct, it will require biopsy as an endpoint in those studies. And I'll turn it over to Murdo on Halozyme.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Gregg. On Halozyme, we're really excited about this opportunity to partner with them on their technology. And yes, you highlight, there's definitely a large patient convenience and infusion chair time benefit to having an injectable version, versus an infusion version of our products. But we also have to think beyond this, in terms of where site of care may take place in the future. It is possible that site of care may move from academic hospitals, academic cancer centers, to more office-based treatment, particularly if patients are on these treatments beyond a one-year timeframe and they have large travel distances. So that's one area. The other thing to think about is, at least in the U.S., an injectable product will be reimbursed through a different payment channel, so that's something to think about as a potential advantage in the future. And last but not least, we have over 11 different assets in this agreement that we could use potentially in combination with one another in different ways, that this technology might allow us to improve again how patients receive their administrations. Now, this is also something that is related to new payment models going forward in terms of outcomes for patients. And I think patient reported outcomes and how they experience treatment could be important. So there's a number of different strategic advantages to that agreement.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Gregg, let me just add on that, because I think it's really important as part of our strategy as a company, given the number of assets we have in development, the potential for combinations, to continue to lead in terms of innovating delivery models. Murdo's comments are really important in the U.S. A significant part of our business is outside of the U.S., where the constraints with resources at hospital level and the number of distribution on oncology sites is, in some cases, a limiting factor. The other thing I would say is that one of our key priorities across multiple tumor types has really been, from the beginning, to accelerate immuno-oncology into the adjuvant setting. And clearly, when you look at patients that are healthy and (58:09) in the adjuvant setting, clearly, thinking about different delivery models is going to be very important for us as well.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Well, Tracy, we're coming up to the bottom of the hour, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Geoff Meacham from Barclays.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, guys and thanks for the question. I just have a couple of quick ones. You guys are committed to CTLA-4 as an important mechanism in I-O. Would it make sense to make next gen CTLA-4 as the foundational combo going forward? I wasn't sure what further de-risking is needed for that program. And then, on the quarter, I wanted to follow up on an earlier question on second-line lung trends. Opdivo sure looks to be largely stable in the U.S., but what can you tell us on overall patient flows and new start trends? Is KEYTRUDA used in first-line having an impact downstream? Thank you.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So Geoff, thanks for the question on CTLA-4. We believe CTLA-4 is incredibly important to us. It's a mechanism that we think, again, as I said earlier that the Opdivo-Yervoy combination has delivered and continues to deliver and continues to improve impact for patients broadly. Now, we do believe that there is some opportunities for looking at our next gen CTLA-4 compounds. And there are two of them. One is the non-fucosylated formulation, which seems to have greater potency and that has entered clinical trials this year. And the second is the Probody technology that we're looking at with our partner, CytomX, again, that looks very exciting and we hope to begin clinical trials in that very soon. So I think with either of those two approaches, once we see evidence of both the safety and efficacy, we would certainly be inclined at that point to move those agents forward as a partner for Opdivo. I do believe that they have the potential – just like CTLA-4 is foundational to us now, they have the potential to offer that kind of benefit to patients down the road.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yes, and Geoff, just on second-line, the shares, as you mentioned, are holding up nicely. That's a very strong performance commercially and with our medical organizations. We are seeing slightly lower impact on the second-line eligible pool of immuno-oncology patients. So that percentage reduction is roughly in the neighborhood of 5% in terms of volume of patients who have not seen an I-O agent in first-line before. So that's a little bit less of a reduction than we'd anticipated, so that's helping Opdivo. We're also holding onto some first-line non-promoted share (01:00:47) and that is also stable. With respect to the penetration of Pembro in first-line, it's as we expected.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So thanks, everyone. Just in summary, at the end of the call, let me just say this was a good quarter for us. I am pleased with continuing strong trends with respect to commercial execution. We made good progress on a number of fronts in the R&D pipeline and execution overall. We have a number of important events ahead of us, which have the opportunity to continue to broaden the set of opportunities we have ahead of us. And I look forward to continuing, obviously, to talk to all of you. Thanks, again, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's call.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tracy, thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
Analysts: Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Chris Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Umer Raffat - Evercore Group LLC Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Marc Goodman - UBS Securities LLC Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2017 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Hannah, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining our call to discuss our second quarter earnings. With me this morning are, Giovanni Caforio, our Chief Executive Officer, Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Both Giovanni and Charlie will have prepared remarks. Also joining are Murdo Gordon, our Chief Commercial Officer, and Tom Lynch, our Chief Scientific Officer, who, obviously, will be here for Q&A. And before I turn it over to Giovanni, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. During the call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We'll focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. I'm really pleased that we just finished another strong quarter. Our non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.74, which is a 7% increase over last year. And we grew our revenue by 6% with double-digit growth across our key growth drivers. Now, before I go into more detail, we all know that a competitor announced data this morning that is clearly important to the market. So let me make a few comments. First, our CheckMate 227 is a first-line, non-small cell lung cancer program, not just one trial, investigating several important scientific questions. In study 227 we have at least three discrete opportunities for success. We will be able to evaluate the combination of Opdivo plus Yervoy, we will evaluate Opdivo plus chemo in PDL-1 negative patients and we will be available to evaluate Opdivo plus chemo in all comers. Additionally, as you know, we are testing two cycles of chemo with the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy. It's also important to recognize that MYSTIC trial and CheckMate 227 are very different trials. First, the dose and schedules are different. In 227, we believe we have optimized the dose and the schedule. Second, the trial sizes are very different. 227 enrolled over 2,200 patients, with 1,200 patients in the PDL-1 positive portion alone. In contrast, MYSTIC enrolled roughly 1,100 patients in all comers, and its primary endpoint was evaluated in a subset of that population. While the MYSTIC results are important data and we look forward to seeing more, it's very difficult to read across trials. So let me now get back to our results this quarter. Globally, Opdivo sales were very strong. In the U.S. Opdivo delivered strong performance in an increasingly competitive market. Shares in the second-line lung cancer market remained stable, and we saw continued strong performance in other tumor types, with oncology trends in head and neck cancer. Internationally, we delivered very strong growth, as we leveraged broad reimbursement and strong commercial execution to drive continued adoption in our key markets. We also saw important progress from a regulatory and from a clinical perspective. Earlier this month, we announced results from CheckMate 238, which was stopped early as Opdivo demonstrated superior recurrence-free survival in the adjuvant setting of melanoma versus Yervoy, the current standard of care in this setting. This is another successful registrational trial with Opdivo, and it's an important validation of our strategic approach to moving treatment earlier in the adjuvant setting, which we are exploring across tumors. In Europe, Opdivo achieved two important approvals, one in head and neck cancer and one in advanced bladder cancer. In the U.S., the FDA accepted for Priority Review our application for second-line hepatocellular carcinoma, the most common type of liver cancer, and we have a PDUFA date of September 24. You saw that we just filed the sBLA for four-week dosing for Opdivo monotherapy and we look forward to making that dosing available to patients and physicians. ASCO is always an important Meeting for us. From my perspective, there were two key themes at this year's Meeting. First, we saw the emergence of the next wave of immune-oncology agents that have the potential to complement validated mechanisms, such as PD-1 and CTLA-4. Assets like LAG-3 and IDO underscore the potential of our R&D pipeline and our expertise in this area. Second, it was clear that translational research in biomarkers are likely to play a critical role in identifying which patients will benefit most from different therapies or regimen. This work is important because we know that the unmet need in cancer remains high and that there are many patients we are not reaching. And we believe our pipeline of I-O assets positions us well to bring forward the right medicine or regimen for the right patient at the right time. Looking forward over the next 12 months or so, we have important data readouts expected from our portfolio, including in renal cancer, HCC, small cell lung cancer and, of course, non-small cell lung cancer. Outside of oncology, execution also continues to be strong. Eliquis delivered 51% growth, continuing to expand its lead in the expanding NOAC class. Our hepatitis C regimen was approved and recently launched in China, making it the first regimen of its kind in this important market. Orencia product sales remains strong, having again delivered double-digit growth. We also saw continued progress in our diversified portfolio from a regulatory and from a clinical perspective. We've made good progress on FGF21, where we are in discussion with health authorities about our registrational program which we intend to start by the end of this year. Orencia received approval for psoriatic arthritis in the U.S. and in Europe, and we expect 2018 to be an important year for our immuno-science pipeline, with potential data readouts for the T2 and the BTK programs. Finally, following our IP settlement with Merck earlier this year, together with our partner owner, we've just taken additional legal action against a number of companies with commercialized PD-L1 products. As we've said before, we have established a strong IP position with respect to anti-PD-1 and anti-PD-L1 that we will vigorously defend. Similar to the Merck action, we are seeking financial remedy, and not to reduce patient access to these medicines. As the innovators in this field, we have made significant investments in developing the science of IO, and we are proud of the transformative benefits it is bringing to cancer. As I look back at the first half of the year, I'm very pleased with the execution across the company. We've reported strong sales performance and we have seen good progress from a regulatory perspective and from a clinical perspective. Looking ahead, I see tremendous opportunity for us to continue our growth and I am confident that we are very well-positioned for the long term. And with that, I'll turn it over to Charlie. Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good morning, everyone. As Giovanni described, we delivered strong results during the quarter driven by solid execution across the company. Let me first provide some color on the performance of our key products, starting with Opdivo. During the quarter, we saw continued growth for Opdivo in the U.S., with a year-over-year increase of 19%. We're very pleased with this performance, particularly given the increased competition in the market across the range of approved indications. Specifically, in second-line lung cancer, we maintained roughly 40% share as we exited Q2. Outside of lung cancer in the U.S., the trends in renal cell remain strong with approximately 50% share, and we are seeing early signs of acceleration in head and neck. Given the current trends and strength of our business in the first half of the year, we believe that Opdivo will grow in the U.S. compared to 2016, despite pressure in the second half of this year due to the competitive dynamics in both first and second-line lung cancer. Internationally, sales of Opdivo were up 17% sequentially as we continue to see adoption across second-line, non-small cell lung cancer and renal. Outside of these tumors, we are in the process of launching Opdivo in head and neck and bladder in several markets where we already have secured reimbursement, including Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands. With respect to the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy in melanoma, in the U.S., share for the combination remains stable, with use in roughly one-third of first-line patients. Internationally, access and reimbursement approvals for the combination facilitated greater adoption, resulting in 24% year-over-year growth in Yervoy sales. As Giovanni mentioned, Eliquis delivered strong growth and is leading new-to-brand share in both the NOAC and OAC class. Given the strength of our data, including the real-world outcomes data presented over the last two years, we believe we have significant opportunity for continued growth. Internationally, Eliquis delivered strong growth of 42% compared to the same time last year and continued to outpace the growth of the NOAC class in key markets around the world. Eliquis is the number-one NOAC in new-to-brand share in countries such as Germany, France and the U.K. Orencia and SPRYCEL delivered worldwide double-digit growth year-on-year as we continue to drive demand growth for Orencia in the early, rapidly-progressing patient segment of RA. With respect to SPRYCEL, our first-line new patient share remains strong. Now I'd like to highlight a couple of items from our non-GAAP P&L. As I've described in the past, our gross margin is sensitive to product mix. During the quarter, we saw continued growth in Eliquis and declining performance from our virology portfolio, together pressuring our margin. With respect to operating expenses in the quarter, SG&A was down 6% while R&D was up 5%. This dynamic reflects our commitment to strategically manage our expenses to ensure we can invest in the most important opportunities for our company, with R&D as a key priority. Just a couple comments on capital allocation. Business development remains a top priority and the second quarter was very active. We executed multiple transactions, including collaborations to expand our biomarker science in I-O with QIAGEN and to study potentially registrational clinical collaborations in combination with Opdivo. In addition, we completed the $2 billion ASR during the quarter and, as I previously outlined, we plan to conduct additional share purchases during the second half of the year at roughly $250 million per quarter. Turning to guidance. Given the strength of our business in the first half of 2017, we are raising the floor on our non-GAAP EPS and are now guiding to $2.90 to $3. In closing, we believe our marketed portfolio and pipeline have significant potential. We've delivered very solid results in the first half of the year based on strong execution across the company, and we will continue to focus on investing in the highest priority opportunities across the portfolio. I'll now turn it back to John for Q&A.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Charlie; and thanks, Giovanni, for the comments. Hannah, I think we're ready to go to the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Tom, I have a question for you. And, Giovanni, I appreciate your spelling out the differences between the MYSTIC trial and CheckMate -227. But, Tom, just curious to know your level of confidence in just the general CTLA-4 thesis in light of the MYSTIC results. I note that there are a couple of other really important front-line studies with Yervoy and Opdivo that could report later this year renal and next year head and neck. If you could comment generally about the role of CTLA-4 and your confidence in this asset. It's very hard to walk away from MYSTIC feeling warm and fuzzy about 227. So I'm just wondering if you could talk big picture about that particular strategy. Thanks very much.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Well, Jami, thanks so much for your question. And what I'd like to do is start off by making a couple comments about lung cancer in general and then address specifically the thoughts about CTLA-4 because I do think it's an important data to emphasize how we look at CTLA-4. So as I've said many times, Jami, lung cancer is an unbelievably difficult disease to treat. I've been at it for 30 years and I continually am struck by how challenging it is to make progress in this disease. I think as Giovanni outlined in his comments, one of the key things about Bristol-Myers is we have a comprehensive program in lung cancer. We're not wedded to any one approach. We have optionality with monotherapy in first-line. We have combination of Opdivo and Yervoy in first-line lung cancer. We also have Opdivo-Yervoy combined with chemotherapy, as well Opdivo combined with chemotherapy in first-line lung cancer. So study 227, along with its new cousin, study LA-9 (sic) [9LA], are really a family of studies that we hope are going to demonstrate what the best opportunity in lung cancer is in the first-line. So let me just comment on CTLA-4 as a mechanism. As an oncologist, what really matters to me are drugs that impact overall survival. And CTLA-4 is one of the two drugs in immuno-oncology that has been shown to impact overall survival. And let's just think about it. In Phase III we had data this year that shows in melanoma that Opdivo and Yervoy has a survival advantage in patients with melanoma. The NCCN has endorsed the combination therapy in small cell lung cancer and in mesothelioma. We have Phase II studies that shows strong signals in renal cell cancer and MSI-high colorectal cancer. And, again, in the next 12 months, you're going to be seeing nearly five large Phase III trials where we're looking at CTLA-4 plus Opdivo in renal cell cancer, head and neck cancer and small cell cancer in addition to what we were talking about in non-small cell lung cancer. So we believe that CTLA-4 is an important mechanism. In fact, Jami, not only do we think that Yervoy itself is important, but we've also invested in a non-fucosylated new formation of CTLA-4 and we're partnering with CytomX to look at a Probody for CTLA-4. So I think as an oncologist, as a clinical researcher, when you see an agent that's associated with a survival advantage, I think it's important to find out what is the optimal way to use this drug and how can we improve outcome for our patients. And one of the things that we've become very aware of is dose and schedule are important when you combine I-O/I-O drugs. And I think that we feel, certainly in 227, that we have a good dose and schedule for our patients.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks for the question, Jami. Hannah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Chris Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much. And just a couple additional follow-ups given the MYSTIC update. So just a couple here. So first, when you reflect on the various differences between the studies specific to CTLA-4 and PD-1 combos, what are the really critical ones, in your view, that could lead to a different outcome from what we saw with MYSTIC today? Specifically, do you see this as issues of MYSTIC were about study powering and size? Or is there something specific with the agents and their dosing that led to this outcome? And if you're willing to comment on that. My second question, anything from MYSTIC that would impact any of your thoughts around the 227 design, or more specifically, statistical powering (18:08) statistical plans? And then finally, how are you thinking about PFS versus OS as a key endpoint as we think about the first-line lung market and I-O studies? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Chris, this is Giovanni. Let me just start and then I'll ask Tom to give you any other comments. I think many of the – of course, it's very difficult to speculate on any comparison of the two studies because we don't know really a lot about the data that was communicated today. With respect to the design of the study, first of all, as you mentioned, size is really important. Second, we should remember that the studies include two different medicines, both in terms of the PD-1 and PDL-1 and in terms of the CTLA-4. Dose and schedule are extremely important. And also, as we've said already, you have to remember that 227 really is a program and gives us the ability and optionality to look at multiple combination strategies in different patient populations. But let me ask Tom to give you more comments about that.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Giovanni. And, Chris, I think, again, it's important to reflect and think about these studies. There's much about MYSTIC that we don't know. All we've seen is the same press release that you saw this morning. But I think just to re-emphasize, first, the CTLA-4 drugs are different. They're different drugs. And dose and schedule may be important. We've spent a lot of time with Yervoy optimizing its dosing schedule across different tumor types. And we found that there are differences across that. The second is the PD-1 target is different. We're a PD-1 drug, that's a PDL-1 drug. That could be when you combine with CTLA-4 potentially a difference between these trials. And you pointed out and Giovanni emphasized, the power and size are different between the two trials. So I think it's very difficult to read across the two studies. You did ask a specific question about 227. And as you know, we have not disclosed our statistical plan for this study. And, again, I think that the data today certainly is one piece of the information, but I think that the ability to understand what the ultimate best way to treat patients will require more data from MYSTIC and certainly the results of both 227 and 9LA.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Chris. Hannah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. We'll go next to Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse.
Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. So I guess just a couple here. You mentioned the dose and schedule a couple times there in terms of differences here between 227 and MYSTIC. But I was also intrigued by the filing you had with the fixed dose, every four-week dose and you're relatively quiet in terms of talking about that with the Street before you submitted it. So just can you share a little bit more about the data you have around that new formulation and what gets you comfortable that this fixed dose will be appropriate across all tumor types? Then maybe one, just shifting gear more to the results for the quarter. You raised the bottom end of your guidance range on EPS. Your sales guidance looks like it's essentially unchanged. Can you just share some thoughts on your views on the top line? And obviously, the moving parts in the back end of the year with the Keynote-189 study. What is it that's keeping you not changing sales guidance, even though you had a good quarter here and you are raising the bottom end of the EPS guidance? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you. So this is Giovanni. Thank you. I'll try to cover some of your points at a high level, and then I'll ask Charlie to make some comments on guidance and the rest of the year, and Tom and Murdo to give you some perspective on dosing. So first of all, let me say, our performance in the second quarter and actually in the first half of the year is very strong. Commercial execution continues to be very, very strong and trends are good across products and across geographies. So we see good momentum. Obviously there is a degree of uncertainty in lung cancer, but here the U.S., similarly we are at the beginning of our launch of hepatitis C in China. So those are trends that are a little more difficult for us to comment. But, overall, I would say we feel we are in a really good position from a commercial execution perspective. With respect to dosing, I think that, as Tom was mentioning, we are working really as a priority to continue to optimize the schedule of our assets across indications, across lines of therapy, in combination. And what you've seen with 227 is really a lot of work that went into the finding of that dose. Similarly, we've been working on the four weekly dosing for Opdivo monotherapy. And I'll have just Charlie first, and then Tom and Murdo, give you more comments about that.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, not much to add to what Giovanni said. We are pleased with the first half performance. There is uncertainty, as I mentioned in my comments, regarding Opdivo as we look at the second half of the year. And we're roughly two weeks into our hepatitis C opportunity in China.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So I think your question about our fixed-dose sBLA I think is a good one. And we think about how to use these drugs. We want to think about giving doctors and patients the most flexibility and optionality in the way they use these drugs for convenience and for potential efficacy when we combine them in different settings. So as you know, we have the 3mg per kg dose approved and the fixed dose at 240. So the ability to have a q4 week dose might be appealing for many patients and many doctors. And also to note, we also have in 227 the three-week fixed dose, so that can combine better with a Q3 week chemotherapy. I think what patients and doctors want is the ability to use our drugs in a way that's most convenient for our patients and for physicians as we put together multiple combinations. I think as you're going to find, as combination therapy continues to play a greater role as we move forward, that this kind of flexibility in dosing will be very important as we move forward.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah. Vamil, the only thing I would add is, this could be particularly helpful in parts of the market where infusion infrastructure is a little more constrained. For example, academic medical centers, large regional hospitals. We have seen definitely some preference there for longer duration or longer interval between dosing. Whereas in the community setting, the q2 week dosing schedule we've had until now has been fairly well-accepted. So that q4 will have an advantage, definitely in the academic setting, definitely in the regional hospital setting. And then we are interested, as Tom mentioned, in pursuing the most convenient dosing across indications. And that may vary depending on combinations, as Tom mentioned, as we evolve our portfolio.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Vamil, for the question. Hannah, can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Yes. We'll go next to Gregg Gilbert with Deutsche Bank.
Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. First I was hoping, Tom, you could comment on your perspective of the PD-1 or PD-L1 agent hitting on OS after missing on PFS. Secondly, can you share your thoughts around the company's appetite to play in the PARP space? Pretty interesting collaboration announced earlier that could be material in the industry. And lastly, you've begun to talk more about NASH this year. At this point, have you met with the FDA yet to plan a pivotal study and when could that start? Thanks.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Gregg. And let's break these down into three parts. And I think I might start with the NASH first and then we'll talk about PD-1 and PARP. As you know, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is an important clinical disease and it leads to cirrhosis. It leads to potential hepatocellular carcinoma down the road. We're very interested in our FGF21 agent. Because our FGF21 agent is able to approach all three elements that seem to be important in NASH and the pathophysiology of NASH. First, it approaches the metabolic derangement that we often see in NASH in terms of fat accumulation. Second, it has the ability to reduce the inflammation that's important in the pathophysiology of NASH. And finally, it has anti-fibrotic impacts as well. And so we presented Phase II data on FGF21 at EASL this year that showed that we were able to reduce hepatic fat in a patient population of people with NASH, giving us a clear signal that this is something we wanted to take forward into Phase III. And we have been discussing, to answer your question directly, we have been discussing our NASH data with regulatory authorities. And we hope to begin Phase III trials and a program by the end of this year, depending upon timing and how we're able to accomplish our timing. So this is an area that we definitely want to pursue. As we mentioned many times on these calls, we're not just a cancer company. Cardiology, fibrosis, immuno-science, are very important to Bristol-Myers Squibb. The second question about PD-1 versus PDL-1. I think that's a terrific question. And if you go back two to three years, there were people who thought that PD-L1 drugs might turn out to be better than PD-1 drugs. And I think now, I think again, we have to really see where the data takes us and follow the science as we look at PD-1 drugs and PD-L1 drugs as we move forward. And, again, around your question of overall survival versus progression-free survival in terms of endpoints, as an oncologist, we always like it when we see overall survival data. It certainly is something which can help doctors make decisions in terms of treating patients. But as we know, with the influence that second-line and third-line therapy has made, it's increasingly difficult to be able to demonstrate overall survival. And so, for example, if you look at breast cancer. Many, many breast cancer drugs now have been approved on PFS. I do think that PFS and OS it will continue to be important endpoints and will be different in different studies as we move forward. And finally, regarding PARP. I'll mention a couple comments from a scientific standpoint and turn it over to Charlie to offer more comments. I've always felt that PARP was an important target in oncology. DNA repair is clearly one of the hallmarks of tumor progression and it's something that mechanistically the ability to combine a PARP inhibitor with an I-O agent is something that, to me, is very appealing from a scientific standpoint. And, Charlie, do you want to comment on...
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: No, I would just say we think it's an interesting class and particularly it's synergistic with PD-1s and it looks like it may have applicability in tumors like ovarian and prostate and triple-negative breast. And it's something we continue to look at.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Gregg. Can we go to the next question, please, Hannah?
Operator: Yes. We'll go next to Tim Anderson with Bernstein.
Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. A couple of questions. On 227, it's not terribly clear to me why you can't give some elements of statistical design. It's not like there's a wealth of CTLA-4 competitors that are going to suddenly go out and change their trials. So with that as my comment, I'm hoping you can at least talk about whether the analysis is going be hierarchical in nature, and maybe you can reveal what the starting cut point would be for that analysis. And then on this first readout potentially by year-end, are you expecting that you'll have both PFS data and mature OS data at the same time? Or could the OSPs come a lot later, like it will in MYSTIC? The reason I ask that is that MYSTIC today shows us that maybe PFS is not a great measurement. So if your OS data isn't mature, I'm wondering if there's risk to this initial readout. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tim, this is Giovanni. First of all, I would say we've said all along that we have optionality with our statistical plan. We don't really see a need to make any change there. And with respect to the time lines for the study, the primary completion, as you said, is the first quarter of next year. We do have an opportunity for an interim on OS by the end of this year.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And just to add, Tim, to your question. I think that we have not disclosed when the interim is. We've been saying all along that we expect to have some data in the first half of 2018. Whether that data will be PFS or OS, as Giovanni just mentioned, we have the optionality to look at both co-primary endpoints in the study, and we look forward to seeing the data.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Tim. Can we go to the next question, please, Hannah?
Operator: Yes. We'll go next to Umer Raffat with Evercore ISI.
Umer Raffat - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question. I wanted to focus on (32:17) CTLA-4 combo, but outside of lung for a minute. So perhaps starting off in CheckMate -214, the renal trial. I was curious about the (32:25) dose selection every three weeks – every six weeks deployed in 227, and if there have been interims in that trial? And then also on CheckMate -651 in head and neck, are (32:35). Thank you.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So thanks for your question. Let me address the renal cell question as we think about it. So think about kidney cancer. Kidney cancer is an interesting disease. I can remember when I was training, the only drug that worked in kidney cancer was vinblastine and it really barely worked at all. And yet since then, we've seen the advent of tyrosine kinase inhibitors in kidney cancer and they've shown very good benefit, though not for all patients who get treated with the tyrosine kinase inhibitors. And, clearly, there are patients with more severe adverse disease who don't necessarily seem to do as well with tyrosine kinase inhibitors, but they've made a huge difference in how we approach the disease. And then we've seen the advent of I-O and immuno-oncology agents and the difference they make. As you likely know and are alluding to, we were delighted to be able to publish our study in the Journal of Clinical Oncology our Phase II trial looking at NIVO and IPI in patients with renal cell cancer. And as you know, the combination of NIVO plus IPI had a response rate at 40% with a two-year survival that was between 60% and 65% overall, which we think is very a encouraging data and is the basis for why we've proceeded with the randomized trial 214. Our hope is that we're going have some data from 214 by the end of this year as we move forward. The second part of your question was about head and neck cancer. And, again, I want to emphasize, this has been a busy week for I-O in terms of readouts at various different head and neck trials. All we know from the pembro study is it did not meet its primary endpoint and we don't know much more than that in terms of details. But what we do know and want to remind you of is that the nivolumab study in patients with head and neck cancer compared to investigator's choice chemotherapy did show a survival benefit, with a one-year survival rate of 36% versus 16% for the investigator's choice and has led to the use of single-agent nivolumab as we move forward. And as you mentioned, we do have additional data that we plan to present in head and neck cancer next year. So CheckMate -651, as you mentioned, is a trial looking at IPI-NIVO versus chemotherapy and cetuximab in patients with head and neck cancer. And we expect to have that data the first half of 2018. And we also have a trial that will be maturing in the first half of next year looking at the combination of IPI-NIVO versus NIVO in patients who aren't able to tolerate cisplatin and cetuximab. As you know well, head and neck cancer patients are a uniquely comorbid group of patients with lots and lots of comorbidities that make aggressive treatments challenging. And so we are very happy that we have trials that cover the broad range of how patients present with head and neck cancer and what doctors see with head and neck cancer.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Umer. Hannah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Seamus Fernandez with Leerink.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thanks for the question. So just two questions. First, Tom, can you remind us again your biomarker strategy and how you see this impacting lung? I'm particularly interested in the application of the tumor mutation burden test as a stratifying metric in the new lung study that you guys just announced for the combination. And then the second question is just, can you give us just a general sense of how excited you are and perhaps when we might see data from either the LAG-3 or the Flexus IDO in tumors outside of melanoma? And if you are willing to expand a little bit, do you have plans for registrational trial starts in tumors outside of melanoma for either of those two assets? Thanks.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Okay. So let's get to the meat of the question. So first question, Seamus, that you asked us about, our biomarker strategy. And this is an area of great interest to me and it's an area of great importance to patients across the spectrum. And so if you think about lung cancer, and we've said many times it's a difficult disease to treat. But I think the thing that I've been very impressed with in lung cancer as a lung cancer clinician is how this disease has evolved and how it's fragmented over the past 10 years. If you go back 10 years, 10 years ago we just thought of small cell and non-small cell and that's what you used to make your treatment decisions. Now when a doctor is looking at a patient with lung cancer, they're thinking about EGFR. They're thinking about ALT. They're thinking about ROS1. They're thinking about PD-L1 expression. And I think that they may soon be thinking about TMB as an important marker as well in cancer. And so let's think, what is TMB? TMB is tumor mutation burden. It's a measure of the amount of mutations that are present in protein coding genes in patients' samples. And when you think about it, some people think it's important in and of itself. Others think that TMB is really a reflection of important tumor neoantigens and that one day we might be able to look at the TMB data and define which tumor neoantigens are actually driving the immune response. So we've been happy that we've been able to look back and use TMB in a number of settings. As you know, the data we presented at AACR, we're able to look at TMB in patients in our 026 study and we were able to identify a group of patients who did very well with monotherapy. And we will continue to look at TMB in a number of different tumor settings when the data allows and when we're able to do it. And I think one of the examples and an example of the commitment we have to TMB is in our study 9LA which is now available on ClinicalTrials.gov. We actually will be prospectively collecting TMB as part of the 9LA study, which is our trial of standard chemotherapy versus two cycles of chemotherapy with Opdivo and Yervoy. And, again, we have to follow the data. The data we have so far is early, but it certainly gives us reason to think that this could turn out to be something important in patients with cancer. Your second question comes down to IDO and where we stand with IDO. And as you know, this is also something very important to Bristol-Myers Squibb. We thought enough of IDO as a target that we went ahead and purchased the IDO asset from Flexus, which is now the Bristol-Myers IDO. And we have announced that we will be moving forward with trials with the Bristol-Myers IDO as we go forward. We think that there are some things about our IDO which could actually be differentiating and might prove to be important. We think we see excellent receptor occupancy. We think we see very good suppression of kynurenine levels, suggesting that we're inhibiting the enzyme. And this may allow Opdivo to be a more effective immuno-stimulatory agent. So we're excited about where the Bristol IDO can go in its combination with nivolumab. But in addition to this, we also have a relationship with Incyte and you saw in ASCO this year the first data with the Incyte IDO along with Opdivo and we saw very strong response rates in melanoma and in head and neck cancer. And so, again, eagerly awaiting to see how we get these trials going. As we have announced, we plan to start our trials with Incyte by the end of this year and we hope to also have our Bristol-Myers trials up and running as well during that timeframe. And finally with LAG-3. LAG-3 is something I was extremely excited about at ASCO. And why was that important? I think you learn a lot by studying resistance. And if you look at the most importance thing about LAG-3 so far is that we looked at patients who had prior treatment with immuno-oncology agents with melanoma and we were able to find a percentage of patients that responded to LAG-3 plus Opdivo in that setting. And more importantly, we were able to use the biomarker of LAG-3 positivity to select a group of patients that had almost a 3 times higher response rate in that setting. So we think LAG-3 is an important target and we're going to continue to develop the biomarker, the LAG-3 biomarker, and we're going to continue to look at LAG-3 in IO-naïve patients with melanoma as well as expanding our experience in previously treated patients.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Seamus, maybe if I can add a couple of comments there. I think these developments that Tom articulated for you are really important for us because we've discussed this before. And when you think about our strategic priority, advancing that early pipeline, in oncology and outside of oncology is clearly a very important priority for us. So I'm personally very pleased that we are working between now and the end of the year to start a number of registrational programs. We mentioned FGF21 outside of oncology. Tom mentioned LAG-3, the two IDO programs and nivolumab is another important program. I'm very pleased we are seeing the beginning of a number of registrational programs that are going be really important for us as a company. And even more broadly, I think what we've discussed today is how we are advancing a very broad program in lung cancer which continues to expand and advance. The second pillar is how we are moving forward with a broad number of short-term opportunities for Opdivo and Yervoy within oncology beyond lung cancer. And the third pillar is really the new pipeline. And I think you are seeing that we're making very, very good progress across every one of those three areas.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Seamus. Hannah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Andrew Baum of Citi.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Hi. Three questions, please. The first one relates to MYSTIC. So your competitors seemed to highlight that a number of trials with I-O have missed PFS and gone on to hit overall survival, and head and neck is obviously one of them for you. You obviously have more experience with I-O than anyone else in this space. Our concerns is the examples of missed PFS that hit OS with I-O all seem to be in trials with short PFS, where patients have been through multiple lines of therapy, which looks to us very different from the situation with first-line non-small cell lung. With that in mind, if you were facing a similar situation with 227, which I hope you won't, where you've missed PFS with the Opdivo Yervoy combination, how confident would you be feeling about making the OS? That's the first question. Second, just going back to the differences between the individual molecules. To what extent is your development plan for non-fucosylated CTLA-4 reflect the fact that you believe effector function is a critical element of the efficacy of the molecule different from your competitor? And then finally, just on patient selection, aside from baseline tumor load, to what extent do you think their learnings in optimizing the patient population using baseline tumor load, performance data, liver mets, which may significantly skew any data you may get from a large clinical trial, and to what extent can that be leveraged in your recruitment criteria? Thank you.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Andrew, thank you for your questions. And the first question is really a hypothetical. And it really is impossible for me to be able to opine on a potential hypothetical of missing PFS or hitting PFS or missing OS or hitting OS. And I really think we have to wait until we get more data from the MYSTIC study to really understand that. As we've said earlier, we have PFS and OS as co-primary endpoints in 227 and we have not disclosed our final statistical plan in that setting. Your second question regards the new formulation of the non-fucosylated CTLA-4. I think one of the reasons we've looked at these two new CTLA-4 targets, first, we believe in the target. We think the target's important. The target's been shown to have a survival advantage, and as I illustrated in my answer to Jami's question. So we think the target's important. And if we think the target's important. And if we think the target's important, the question then becomes, how do we optimize the therapeutic index? How do we make CTLA-4 a better molecule, an even better molecule than it is? And there's two main approaches. With the CytomX approach, the thought is, the Probody technology will allow a differential exposure of tumors to CTLA-4, allowing us to enhance the immune response within the tumor itself and possibly not see the same degree of side effect profile that you could see with immune side effects in other areas. So that's the thought behind the new formula, behind the CytomX approach. With the new formulation, there's a possibility that there could increased potency of the drug that could actually allow us to have more effectiveness in that setting. And, again, very early. We just started, as we announced at the last earnings call, we just started trials with the non- fucosylated CTLA-4. And so we're going have to see how that evolves. And your third question, Andrew, is around the concept of patient selection. And I think you've hit a very important point is that, as we look at these cancer types, and as I mentioned this about lung cancer earlier, we are seeing increased fragmentation in the patient populations. And we're seeing the biomarker selection is becoming increasingly important as we look at patient populations. Lung cancer, for example, is not just one disease. It's many diseases defined by EGFR and ALK and ROS and possibly Tumor Mutational Burden and PD-L1 positivity. So I think as we go forward, attention to patient selection and attention to thinking are we treating the right patients is something that we take very seriously in our tumor design and our trial design. It's one of the reasons, as Charlie mentioned earlier, we're continuing to up-invest in R&D and up-invest in translational medicine because we think it's important for us to prospectively be selecting the correct patients.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Andrew. Hannah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. I have a couple questions. On CheckMate 227, is the interim in 2017 on PFS or OS? I think Giovanni said OS. I had thought it was also PFS or only PFS, so please clarify. And related to that, why would it make sense to do the interim look in Q4 as opposed to Q3 since the conclusion is in January? Would you agree Q4 doesn't provide much benefit in terms of the timing? So that's the first question. The second question is regarding CheckMate 568. I think Bristol is saying there is a possible update in 2017. What does whether there is an update or not depend on? Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Hey, Steve. It's John. Real quick on their interim analysis. We have said all along that, like in all of our trials, we've built in optionality, which we have in 227. In terms of timing, everything is event-driven. So we've never committed to January, even though that may be what's on ClinicalTrials.gov. And we've said sometime in the first part of 2018 is when the primary endpoint should read out. So both the interim and the primary analysis are event-driven, and so, obviously, time flexible.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Steve, regarding your question on 568, I'll just give you a little bit of color behind 568 and how it got to the place where it is. 568 was designed as practice-enabling study of Opdivo and Yervoy. We initially designed 568 to be about 160, 170-patient study initially. And with more experience, we decided to increase that size to 300 patients. And then last year we decided to actually add a randomized portion to 568 looking at this question of two cycles of chemotherapy followed by Opdivo and Yervoy, and that will be an all-comers trial. Now, after discussions with the Agency, we've actually decided to make that a separate Phase III trial. So that's the trial that's now called 9LA. And so that trial will get going. We hope the first patients will enter that trial. We have a safety lead-in right now, which, to the best of our ability, seems to be going well with the two cycles followed by Opdivo Yervoy. And so we hope to begin accrual for that trial in September of this year if all goes according to plan. As of now, we have not yet decided upon our presentation strategy for 568, but we look forward to sharing that with you when we have.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Steve. Hannah, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.
David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks so much. I have three questions. The first is, with respect to U.S. Opdivo in the second quarter, could you just provide the percentage of sales in different cancer types in the second quarter? Second, with respect to your expectation for Yervoy combo Phase III kidney cancer results by the end of the year, could you just help reconcile that with ClinicalTrials.gov? ClinicalTrials.gov indicates a primary completion for that trial on September 30 of 2019. So it makes me wonder why look at any Bristol-Myers dates on ClinicalTrials.gov. And then finally, with respect to your Flexus IDO, when do you expect to present Phase I data on that later this year? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Okay. David, let me ask Murdo to start and give you some data on Q2 U.S.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: David, for Q2 U.S. about 50% to 55% of our sales are in non-small cell lung cancer for Opdivo. And renal cell carcinoma is between 15% and 20%. And then the other big one for us is melanoma, at 10% to 15%. There are obviously other tumors, with bladder, head and neck and others, but those are the three big ones and that's the split.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: For the 214, by the end of this year that is an interim analysis. You may be referring to the final analysis. And let me ask Tom to give you an answer to your question, to your third question.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And your third question regarding the Flexus IDO, we hope to have data, in fact, we're pretty sure we will have data, for the CITIM Meeting this fall.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Dave. Can we go to the next one, please, Hannah?
Operator: Yes. We'll go next to Geoff Meacham with Barclays.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Geoff, are you there?
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, I am. Can you hear me?
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Now we can, yes.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So thanks for the questions. So, Tom, another one on CTLA-4. Obviously data-dependent. But if 227 looks underwhelming, would a strategy be to explore triple combos in lung? I'm just thinking with all the assets and novel mechanisms you guys have in-house, whether you view CTLA-4 as more foundational. And then for Murdo on the quarter, can you give us some perspective on second-line lung share new start trends? Just trying to think whether KEYTRUDA is slowing starts. And then looking forward, would you expect any formal reimbursement limitations on sequential I-O therapies in lung? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Geoff, why don't we start with Murdo to give you some perspective on your more commercial questions. And then Tom will address your CTLA-4 question.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Okay. Thanks, Geoff. In second-line lung cancer our shares have actually been very stable. So we run around 40% share of second-line lung cancer. And that market volume has held up quite well so far because the impact of pembro usage in first-line has not yet been felt in a reduction of eligible second-line patients. That will change as we get closer to the end of the year where the shares in second-line lung should hold, but the addressable eligible population of second-line I-O naïve patients will start to shrink. And obviously next year, there will be a smaller pool as well. I will say, our teams have done extremely well in establishing this holding of share despite two competitors in the second-line setting. And ex-U.S., we've done very well given the lead that we've got in second-line in many markets due to fast reimbursement. So the emergence of our lung cancer business ex-U.S. is also driving some nice growth. And then outside of lung cancer, our shares are very good in regimen in melanoma, in head and neck we've seen some recent acceleration. In renal cell, we've held up well. Bladder, we're emerging. Actually the broad usage in other areas where NCCN is updated, like Tom mentioned in mesothelioma, is also helping to drive growth outside of lung. So we feel good about that. In terms of reimbursement limitations, really in the U.S., we have seen very good prior authorization approvals in the mid to high-90% range even in combination settings. And, of course, in melanoma it's really the market where we see the most in combination used today. Now, we are obviously tracking the U.S. environment very closely. And we are, I think, in a very good competitive position should there be further restriction or barriers to combination reimbursement as you see sequential lines of therapy evolve, given that we have multiple targets and multiple combinations to use in those settings.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tom?
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So Geoff, thank you for your question. And this is an area of great interest to me. So the first thing is, I can't really think about hypothetical of 227 and MYSTIC. So I think it's really not helpful to think about hypotheticals. But I do think it's important to think about triples. And something I've been interested in for quite some time is this idea that I really think that to begin to think about how we're going to be driving prolonged survivals in cancers, we've really only begun to scratch the surface in terms of thinking how to use these drugs. And I do think that triple therapy, quadruple therapy, down the road makes sense. Just think about lymphoma. And you think about the fact that we can cure lymphoma now with five drugs. We've made a huge difference for patients with lymphoma in that setting. And it's entirely possible that ultimately the way we approach lung cancer, other cold tumors and even melanoma will be with multiple drugs. So for example, we have announced that we have begun some dose-finding studies in early trials with IDO inhibitor plus Opdivo and Yervoy, looking at that together to try to learn, could there be a signal with that triplet in melanoma. And we also have plans to look at a LAG-3 with IDO and Opdivo as well. And so we are committed to multiple drug combinations. Of course, the difficult thing is as you begin to put together multiple drug combinations, trying to determine the relative impact of the different components becomes very challenging and requires a tremendous amount of creativity and innovation in clinical trial design.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Geoff. Hannah, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thanks. We'll go next to Marc Goodman with UBS.
Marc Goodman - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. So first, Murdo, for Opdivo, can you give us a sense of where the OUS sales are coming from, just like you did with the U.S.? Second, on Eliquis, where is the market share now for the cardiologist specialist? Just give us a sense there? And then third, for Daklinza, can you confirm there were no sales in the second quarter for China, and can you give us a sense of what kind of ramp should we be expecting in China? Obviously, hep C we've seen pretty amazing ramps when these products launched. So give us a sense of how we should expect sales for China. Thanks.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Sure. Thanks, Marc. Ex-U.S. we've seen very nice launch progression in Japan, France, Germany, Italy, Spain. We are very early in our launch trajectories in Canada. We're hopeful that we'll be launching soon in Australia. In the U.K., we've launched in our regimen setting in melanoma, and it's going extremely well. So our business is really broad, and we've got over 20 markets ex-U.S. now reimbursed either fully in lung, renal and melanoma, or at least lung and melanoma. And we're working now on our head and neck and bladder indications to be able to secure reimbursement there. So I think our position in Europe, in particular, is very, very strong because of the timing advantage we've secured with indications there and with the rapid uptake that we've been able to achieve. So OUS I feel very good about, and the teams have done extremely well across medical and commercial to launch. With respect to Eliquis, we are sitting with very strong shares now. We are at roughly 53% Eliquis TRx share. And we're leading – and we've got large shares in NBRx leading that just a few more points. So we're growing very well in Eliquis. And, of course, there's still a lot of warfarin used in total prescriptions in the U.S., with about 47% of the market still in warfarin. And in NBRx, that's down now to roughly 30%. 29%, if I remember. So we still see a lot of headroom for growth on Eliquis, but very, very good share trends there. And leading in our categories in BTE and atrial fibrillation. And with respect to Daklinza in China, we did not book any sales in the second quarter. We have started to book sales this quarter. The uptake curve in China with the dual of Daklinza and Sunvepra is a very difficult thing to predict. We are in the process of securing some reimbursement now in three main provinces in China. We are currently selling primarily in the private pay sector. So more to report on that next quarter. But obviously we're very excited about the opportunity being first in the market and being able to help a very large unmet need and a very large patient population in China.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Marc. And, Hannah, can we go to our last question, please?
Operator: We'll go to Tony Butler with Guggenheim.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yes, thanks very much. Two questions, Tom, for you. One, if I may go back to FGF21 and NASH and Phase III. And the question is, could you share the designed, if there is a clinical endpoint, for the Phase III program? Or is it simply looking at tissue histology following sort of end of trial biopsy? That's one. And then second, back to MYSTIC and 227. Is there – I understand dose and schedule and a lot of the comments that you've made. But are there perhaps other characteristics of these antibodies that may be substantially different which could actually allow for some clinical differentiation? For example, one being IgG1 versus IgG2. Don't know if that really matters, but it could. Clearly, you've made some comments that glycosylation could affect binding characteristics for ipilimumab. I'm just looking for something more than simply dose and scheduling, if you think that might be useful. Appreciate the time.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., M.D. - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tony, thank you for your question. The first on FGF21 is the data on the design of those trials will be available on ClinicalTrials.gov. It's something we're discussing with the regulatory agencies now. The second question is a good one. And many people have suggested that IgG1 versus IgG2 could explain potential differences. They are different drugs, so there does exist a possibility that there could be differences. But, again, our job is trying to define the best way to use CTLA-4 based Yervoy and our agents. And really I don't have a real thought as to how important these other factors could be. I mean, there's certainly some science that suggests that there could be some differences. But, again, it's again very early in the process of understanding how they work.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Tom. Thanks, Tony. Again, we just completed another strong quarter. I am very pleased with execution across the company. As you've seen, we've delivered strong sales performance and we are continuing to make good progress from a clinical perspective and from a regulatory perspective. Looking ahead, as I said at beginning, I see tremendous opportunity for us to continue to grow and I am very confident that we're well-positioned for the long term. So thanks, everyone, and have a good day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
Analysts: Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Charles Anthony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets (United States) David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb 2017 first quarter results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Melody, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us to review our first quarter results. With me this morning are Giovanni Caforio, our Chief Executive Officer; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer; Tom Lynch, our new Chief Scientific Officer; and Murdo Gordon, our Chief Commercial Officer. Giovanni, Tom, and Charlie will have prepared remarks, and then Murdo will certainly be available for Q&A as well. Before we get started and I turn it over to Giovanni, I'll take care of the Safe Harbor language. During the call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We will also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone I think it's fair to say we just had an outstanding quarter with strong performance across the company. Our non-GAAP EPS was $0.84, up $0.10 over the first quarter of last year. We grew our revenue by 12%, with double-digit growth across our key growth drivers. Starting with I-O, sales for Opdivo were strong despite a more competitive landscape in the U.S. for lung cancer. In the U.S., while we have seen some share loss in lung cancer, our share has shown signs of stabilization in recent weeks. Outside lung, we've seen growth in renal, melanoma, head and neck, and bladder. Internationally, we've made great progress on access and reimbursement. Sales were strong across all indications. From a regulatory perspective, we continue to make progress, mainly the U.S. Opdivo approval in bladder, the Japanese approval in head and neck, and the CHMP positive recommendations for bladder and head and neck in Europe. We shared important new data from our immuno-oncology portfolio at AACR [American Association of Cancer Research], including overall survival data from Study 67, the TNB analysis from Study 26, and the early data from our IDO inhibitor. We also advanced our diversified portfolio with encouraging data from our FGF21 for NASH at EASL [European Association for the Study of the Liver], and we will work with the regulatory authorities to initiate a registrational program as soon as possible. We made significant progress from a business development perspective, investing in translational capabilities through deals like GRAIL and Foundation Medicine and broadening our immuno-oncology clinical development program through agreements to study combination approaches with different mechanisms across a range of tumor. As I look at the company going forward, I see tremendous opportunity, driven by our industry-leading portfolio and the very best people in the business, all focused on maximizing value for our marketed products and advancing our pipeline. Certainly, all of you are focused on our I-O portfolio and our lung cancer program in particular. This is a key focus for us as well. The first-line landscape has become very dynamic, and the outlook for this market is continually evolving. Our teams have done a great job maintaining our position, and we believe we have the most comprehensive program in first-line. I'm sure you'll have questions about our development program in lung, but let me just say here that over the next 12 to 18 months, we expect to see a lot of important data. But we are not just a lung cancer company. Over the next 12 months, we are also anticipating important data readouts for Opdivo and Yervoy in renal cancer, hepatocellular carcinoma and small-cell lung cancer. We also have many important opportunities in a range of other tumor types. This is particularly true with respect to our next wave of I-O assets, with 10 new mechanisms in addition to PD-1 and CTLA-4 in clinical development. During the year, we plan to present additional data from first disclosures for many of our next wave I-O assets, beginning at ASCO, where we will show IDO, GITR, and LAG-3. Tom will speak more about all of this in a moment, underscoring the critical importance of translational medicine to the work we are doing here as well as across our other therapeutic areas. And we are not just a cancer company. This is clear by Eliquis' continued strong performance in the U.S. and other key markets and by the double-digit growth of Orencia and Sprycel. Eliquis has now exceeded $1 billion in revenue in the quarter and is the leading NOAC in the U.S. based on total prescriptions. And importantly, we are continuing to see warfarin usage decline in terms of new-to-brand scripts, and we expect this trend to continue as the NOAC class expands. It is also clear by the fact that we will have data to potentially support three registrational starts in the next 12 months in our fibrosis and immuno-science portfolios. Our fibrosis pipeline includes first-in-class and best-in-class opportunities, with a focus on fibrosis of the liver and lung. And we believe our first compound for NASH, PEG-FGF21, has significant potential in an area with great need for new treatments. In immuno-science, we are pursuing novel mechanisms to treat a number of different autoimmune diseases, including lupus, RA, inflammatory bowel disease, Sjögren, and others. Beyond our strong performance and pipeline, we continue to look at a balanced approach to capital allocation as a key part of our strategy. Business development continues to be a priority for us, and we are sourcing external opportunities across the preclinical and clinical areas, as well as building our translational capabilities. Charlie will talk later about our progress in that area during the quarter. All-in-all, I feel really good about the quarter and the opportunities that lie ahead. As John mentioned, we are pleased that Tom has joined our company and is with us here today. Tom brings an important mix of experiences to his new position: his deep scientific expertise as a researcher, having led clinical trial design and drug development, primarily in lung cancer; his work as a practicing physician who has treated thousands of patients; his years of collaboration with academia and the larger scientific community; his leadership experience in large organizations, most recently at MGH, where he gained a deep understanding of the payer environment and the importance of value in ensuring access to medicines for serious diseases; and of course, his work as a member of our board for the past few years. Taken together, Tom has the experience and energy needed to realize the full potential of our pipeline. Here, let me again express my personal gratitude to Francis Cuss for his more than 13 years with our company. Francis made significant contributions to our R&D organization during a transformative year for Bristol-Myers Squibb, and I couldn't be more grateful. And with that, I will turn it over to Tom. Thank you.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Giovanni. Good morning, everyone. I'm truly delighted to be joining my first earnings call as Chief Scientific Officer of Bristol-Myers Squibb. As Giovanni mentioned, there is great potential in our pipeline. I knew this from my role on the Board of Directors, and it was the major reason I decided to join the management team. Our breath, and particularly our depth, in I-O position Bristol-Myers Squibb to make a major difference in how common cancers are treated and even allow us to begin to think about the possibility of cure for many types of cancer. In the short time that I've been in this role, just over six weeks, I've become even more enthusiastic about the opportunity with our pipeline and our people, both within oncology and across our cardiovascular, immuno-science and fibrosis assets. As I meet with my discovery and development teams here in Princeton, in Redwood City and across the globe, I'm struck that BMS is a company with remarkable R&D talent, particularly in antibody technology, medicinal chemistry, clinical development and in our regulatory operations. This, coupled with the strong integration between R&D and commercial, makes me very optimistic about our ability to execute and to continue to deliver transformational medicines to patients. As a leader, I have always believed that culture matters. At MGH and at Yale, I worked hard to build a patient-focused research environment. Ever since I joined BMS as a director, I knew the company had a patient-centered focus. But as I've been meeting more and more people in this role, I've been struck by just how patient-focused the mission is here. In every meeting, we hear the patient voice. Our research teams are driven to improve the lives of people with cancer, heart disease, fibrosis and rheumatologic disease. There are some key capabilities that I will look to build in the coming months. These will focus on three principal areas. First, we will enhance our translational medicine capability. Biomarker development to select the right drug for the right patient at the right time is key. Second, we will invest in cancer biology. Translational medicine starts with fundamental research. And the scale of our pipeline demands that we have the best understanding that we can of our patients and of their diseases. Third, we will invest in data and analytics. We are at an inflection point as a society and as an industry. In order to execute our pipeline of about 20 oncology assets, 20 cardiology, immuno-science and fibrosis assets, 15 compounds in pre-clinical development and nearly 80 programs in discovery, we need to enhance our analytic capacity to execute this pipeline with deliberate speed. In addition to what we do at BMS, we will pursue strategic external collaborations to help meet these needs. Some recent examples include the expansion of our international immuno-oncology network and new collaborations with the Parker Institute, Foundation Medicine, and GRAIL. Working together will enable us to move even faster and to identify patients most likely to benefit from our medicine. This is not just good to do scientifically, but it's good for patients and is what payers and regulators expect. As a cancer researcher and through my experience running the Massachusetts General Physician Organization, I know that it's impossible for one company or institution to do it all. And given the fast pace of scientific innovation happening today, collaboration across the entire healthcare ecosystem is becoming increasingly important. In the near term, my most important priorities for the R&D organization include the four areas; first, accelerating the delivery of our next wave of I-O assets like IDO, which we recently presented data on at AACR. We'll also be presenting early results for LAG-3, GITR, and the Incyte IDO at ASCO this year. Second, understanding the biology of I-O resistance, both intrinsic resistance and acquired, and bringing a laser-like focus to overcoming this. We will focus on expanding into tumor types where I-O hasn't had a broad impact yet, tumors like breast cancer, colorectal cancer, and prostate cancer. We will use our next-wave assets to create options for patients who progress on their initial I-O therapy. Third, we will continue to develop combination regimens, including I-O/I-O combinations, I-O/targeted combinations, and I-O/chemotherapy combinations where these make sense. And fourth, we will accelerate the development of our most promising assets in the cardiovascular, immuno-science, and fibrosis pipeline. As Giovanni mentioned, we recently presented promising Phase 2 data on our FGF21 asset in patients with NASH at the International Liver Congress. The results showed an improvement across multiple aspects of NASH, including a significant reduction in liver fat versus placebo. And we look forward to sharing these data with the health authorities. In closing, BMS has accomplished much in the last five years, but its true impact lies ahead. I'm excited about the opportunities and proud to lead an R&D organization that is focused, science-oriented, and data-driven, and one that is driven to deliver medicines that have the potential to transform the lives of our patients. I'll now turn it over to Charlie.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Tom. Good morning, everyone. As Giovanni described, we delivered very strong financial results for the quarter due to robust performance across our portfolio. Let me provide some color on the performance of our key products. I'll start with Eliquis, which for the first time sold over $1 billion in a single quarter. In the U.S., Eliquis is now the leading agent in the NOAC class, which continues to grow as warfarin use declines. During the quarter, sales in the U.S. were driven by a sequential 8% increase in TRx and from the positive impact of lower Medicare coverage gaps compared to Q4 of last year. Internationally, Eliquis delivered strong growth of 51% compared to the same time last year, as the gains in established position as the standard of care in stroke reduction for AFib around the world. Sales for Opdivo in the U.S. increased 6% sequentially, driven by the demand growth that Giovanni described and some favorable inventory movement compared to Q4. We continue to expect our U.S. lung business to be under pressure this year assuming KEYNOTE-021G is approved next month. However, given the stability in second-line lung in Q1 and strong trends we've seen across other indications in our U.S. business, we now believe that there is potential for Opdivo to grow in the U.S. this year compared to 2016. During Q1, we saw sequential growth in international Opdivo sales when adjusting for the approximately $250 million revenue recognition catch-up for France and Germany we booked in Q4. We successfully negotiated reimbursement for Opdivo in several markets during the quarter, including a pan-tumor agreement in Canada as well as agreements for renal cell cancer and non-squamous-cell lung cancer in Italy. Based on positive sales trends and reimbursement successes, we continue to expect international sales for Opdivo to grow for the full year. Additionally, we saw Yervoy return to growth in international markets during the quarter, as access and reimbursement approvals for the regimen facilitated greater adoption. Orencia also delivered double-digit growth, with solid underlying brand trends as we continue our commercial focus on the early rapidly progressing RA patient. U.S. sales in the quarter were up 13% despite unfavorable inventory movement. In addition, as we've seen in other years during Q1, we saw softer demand in the subcu market at the start of the year, which we believe is due to coverage resets early in the year. Now I'd like to highlight a couple of items from our non-GAAP P&L. Gross margin was down 160 basis points compared to the same time last year, driven mainly by product mix, though this was partially offset by FX due to recognition of hedge gains and favorable FX on inventories from Q4. Going forward, we expect the continued strength of Eliquis and decline of our high-margin virology business to pressure our gross margin. Other income and expense is down by approximately $72 million versus prior year, primarily due to the change in the tiered AZ diabetes royalty rate last year to a flat 12% this year. This was partially offset by our accrual of PD-1 royalties from Merck in Q1 of $30 million. We continue to take a balanced approach to capital allocation, with business development remaining a top priority. As Giovanni mentioned, this quarter reflected a significant level of strategic activity to support our immuno-oncology pipeline and translational capabilities. We executed multiple transactions since our last earnings call, spanning investments and collaborations with biotech and academic partners, adding registrational clinical opportunities and capabilities in diagnostic platforms and genomic profiling that strengthened our pipeline and our capabilities in translational medicines. In addition, we delivered against our new share repurchase authorization with a $2 billion ASR in February, and we plan to begin repurchase activity under a 10b5-1 program once the ASR process completes by the end of the second quarter. I'll now provide some comments on guidance. Based on our strong performance, we are increasing our non-GAAP EPS guidance range to $2.85 to $3.00. As always, this range assumes current foreign exchange rates. We are increasing revenue guidance to the mid-single-digit range due to the strong trends across the business, particularly our key products, Opdivo, Eliquis, and Yervoy. As I mentioned, gross margin saw some FX favorability in Q1. However, at current rates, we expect margins to decline as the year progresses and continue to see our rate in the 72% to 73% range for the year. For R&D, we are now expecting an increase in the low double-digit range, as we see opportunities for slightly higher investment across our portfolio, including some of the new clinical collaborations I mentioned earlier. As Giovanni said, we had a very strong quarter from a financial and operational perspective. We continue to pursue important opportunities in our pipeline, both in I-O and in our specialty portfolio, and we are committed to putting resources where we can deliver the greatest value. Now let me turn it back to John to kick off the Q&A.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Okay. Thanks, Charlie. So we're ready to go to questions, Melody. We can go ahead and start.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go to our first caller.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: I think the operator is not going to announce the callers. So once you get prompted, if you can, go ahead and introduce yourself.
Operator: And, caller, your line is open. Please check your mute function. With no response, we'll move to the next caller. Next caller, please go ahead.
Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi there. It's Chris Schott at JPMorgan. Can you guys hear me?
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: We got you fine, Chris. Thanks.
Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, perfect, just two questions here, maybe the first one for Giovanni and for Tom, just a question on lung and this ongoing debate around I-O/I-O versus I-O/chemo combinations. I think one of your competitors today announced that they're also going to be looking at chemo combos with PD-1 in addition to their I-O/I-O combos. I'm just interested in your latest thinking on the role you see chemo playing in this I-O landscape relative to CTLA-4 and some of the other next-generation agents you're developing. My second question was specifically on IDO and just more thoughts there on IDO as a combination agent and your approach to this target as you balance your internal asset versus the external partnership. So just any more color there would be helpful; and maybe as your answering that, just latest timelines on when we could potentially think about that internal asset moving forward into registrational studies. Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Chris. This is Giovanni. Let me just start, and I'll ask Tom to comment on both of your questions. On lung strategy, as you heard from me and Tom, we are very comfortable with the fact that we have a very broad approach to first-line lung cancer, a very broad program. We are indeed investigating various treatment modalities, including I-O/I-O, I-O/chemo, and as you know, potentially the combination of the two approaches with I-O/I-O coupled with chemotherapy. And I am pleased that over just a few months, we have been able to evolve our lung cancer program, taking advantage of ongoing studies and that enrollment has progressed I would say very much in line with our expectations. With respect to IDO, the one thing I would say at a very high strategic level is that we see really promising modalities. I think the ability to complement external collaborations as we advance internal programs provide, again, in the same spirit, a very broad set of options for us in order to be competitive from a timing perspective at the same time as we develop potentially best-in-class. But let me ask Tom to give you his comments on both.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Chris, thank you for your questions. And I just want to start by saying lung cancer is a really hard disease to treat. And you don't need to go any further than this morning's New England Journal, the paper by Charlie Swanton's group, looking at the genomic diversity of this disease, both within tumors and between tumors. It's a tough disease to treat. And we believe it's important for us to have multiple approaches to treating patients with non-small-cell lung cancer. We think the approach at Bristol-Myers Squibb that includes I-O/I-O and I-O/chemo and I-O/targeted drugs gives us a broad and diverse and balanced approach to how we're going to go after lung cancer. And I think that there may well be certain patients that are going to benefit from I-O monotherapy, I-O/I-O, and I-O/chemotherapy. I don't think there will be a one-size-fits-all approach to this disease. I want to comment on CTLA-4 and how important a target this is in lung cancer and other cancers as well. CTLA-4 I think has been validated as an important partner with Opdivo. Just look at our data in melanoma and the 067 study, which showed that we actually have a survival advantage, the only I-O/I-O combination that's been shown to have a survival advantage. And we think CTLA-4 matters in this disease and requires investigation. I think just to show you how deep our commitment to CTLA-4 is as an agent, we have two additional compounds with CTLA-4 that we're developing as targets. The first is the non-topopulated (25:55) CTLA-4, which has now entered into clinical study. There's a trial that we describe on ClinicalTrials.gov that you can take a look at. And our relationship with CytomX has developed the CTLA-4 compound as a Probody that we think might have a different toxicity profile with this agent. So we believe it's important for Bristol-Myers Squibb to be looking at CTLA-4 as an important target. Now, that doesn't mean that next-gen agents aren't important. And you mentioned IDO. This is target that Bristol-Myers Squibb is intimately involved with in two ways. Last year, we went out and we purchased Flexus and we acquired the IDO compound. And at ASCO, we presented data on our IDO with Opdivo, which we think gives us a compound that may be differentiating. It gives us a PKBD (26:47) profile that may well describe an opportunity for us to have a unique place in the marketplace. And this year at ASCO, you're going to see data on the Incyte IDO along with Opdivo in important settings. And we plan by the end of this year to begin randomized Phase 3 trials of the Incyte IDO with Opdivo in lung, head and neck, and melanoma. So, Chris, I think it's important to say that we're committed to CTLA-4, and we also think that IDO and our next-gen agents are also important to develop in lung cancer. It's a complex marketplace, and we need to develop the right drugs for a very broad and diverse group of patients.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Chris, for the question. Melody, can we go back to the first group in the queue? I got an email from the team at Barclays saying that they were having trouble recognizing that they were up. So I don't know if it's Geoff Meacham or Paul Choi, but could you go to them please again?
Operator: Yes, definitely. Just one moment. And, Mr. Meacham, your line is now open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. So thanks a lot for the question. It seems the biggest opportunity longer term in I-O is really the cold tumors, breast, ovarian, colon, et cetera. To follow up on the earlier comment, CTLA-4 combos, do you guys feel, at this point, CTLA-4 combos plus a PD-L1 is going to be a component of that? Are there other targets across the I-O landscape and many different targets that look more viable in cold tumors versus hot? Thank you.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Geoff, thanks for your question. I think this echoes what I mentioned earlier, the concept of looking at resistance. Resistance is incredibly important, and it's really characterized a lot of oncology drug development. Just looking at where your drugs don't work tells you as much as you learn from looking where your drugs do work. What I explained earlier and outlined is the two areas I'm most worried about in terms of resistance – or think of as actually opportunities is what about the cold tumors that don't respond, and then what about the patients who have initial response to anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapy who then progress? Now, as you know, we have 10 targets in I-O that we're working on and 12 agents in those 10 targets. So we think we have multiple opportunities to look at combinations of I-O/I-O agents in these cold tumors. We presented data with our IDO asset, as you mentioned, and we also will be presenting initial data at ASCO this year with our GITR compound, which could be the type of agent that might play a role in the cold tumor space. But we will increasingly look at combinations of agents in that setting that might make a difference.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Geoff. Melody, can we go to the next question? And if you have it in front of you, could you announce them on the line so that they know that they're ready to go? Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Gregg Gilbert with Deutsche Bank.
Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you for that double prompt. Maybe, Tom, here's an opportunity for you to straighten us out of the timing of 227, whether it's final or interim, that would be helpful. And curious, Tom, if you have a view on whether PD-1s and PD-L1s can be different from one another other than by trial design strategy. And one for Giovanni real quick. In light of the activist investor interest and significant change in the board, curious if you can comment on what's changed in terms of how you're spending your time, the company strategy, options you're exploring to enhance value. Or do you see this as business as usual stuff? Thanks.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Gregg, thank you for your questions. I'll start off by commenting on the timing of 227. As we have published on ClinicalTrials.gov, we expect the data from 227 to report in the first half of 2018. And as we also have announced, there will be an interim look. And we'll look at that data with our data safety monitoring committee as the data matures. But we expect the data to be the first half of 2018. So the second question comes down to differences and similarities between PD-1 drugs. And I think my feeling is that I think there's highly likely to be much more similar between these drugs than there are going to be differences. Now we know, for example, that pembro [pembrolizumab] and nivo [nivolumab] recognize slightly different epitopes and there are slight differences in these compounds. But clinically when you look at the totality of the data, they really behave fairly similarly to each other. So I actually don't think we're going to find enormous differences between the various different PD-1 drugs. Now the difference between PD-1 and PD-L1 agents, certainly there's a possibility that there will be more information. We're looking out on that, and I remain open to looking at the data as it emerges across that area. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Gregg, thank you. So from my perspective, let me say that I'm really very happy with the ability that we have to have broadened and strengthened the capabilities on the board. That's clearly very important for a company like ours. With respect to what our priorities are, they really have not changed. We are, as you have seen today, extremely focused on continuing to execute as well as we have for the short term. And we are extremely focused and I am extremely focused on delivering the value of an extraordinarily promising pipeline, which is probably the broadest and the deepest the company has had. So that's where we are spending our time. Those are our priorities, and clearly they are mine as well.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Gregg. Melody, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly, we'll go to Tony Butler with Guggenheim Securities.
Charles Anthony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yes, good morning. Thank you very much, two brief questions. One, if I may around Eliquis, tremendous number for the quarter, but the COMPASS data will read out later this year at European Heart [ESC]. And I'm curious if it does possibly have an effect on the NOAC class as a whole. Or could it be viewed somewhat negatively for Eliquis at least in CAD/PAD? And that is does the class actually increase, or is this just dependent upon – or do we single out rivaroxaban? And then secondly, Charlie, an excellent gross margin quarter, but the question really is, how should we think about that going forward in the year? They bounce around little bit, at least they had last year. This is clearly a change from what we've seen in the last two years. Thanks for the time.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Tony. It's Murdo here. I'll address the Eliquis question and pass it over to Charlie for your second part. First off, we're really pleased with the Eliquis performance in the quarter and continuing what was a great year last year. As Giovanni mentioned, total prescriptions, now we're in a leadership position in the NOAC class. And we continue to feel good about growth based on leading indicators that we look at in the market, which are NBRx trends as well as our cardiology trends. We're also seeing strong performance across the rest of the world. Now as I think about the COMPASS trial, it's actually an interesting question. And obviously, without data, it's hard to speculate. What I do see happening though is a continued strength of our profile and the divided daily dose of Eliquis in atrial fibrillation and VTE. What we need to wait to see is the quality of the COMPASS data at a different dose that Xarelto used in that trial versus the dose that they currently use in VTE and in atrial fibrillation. So it's hard to compare the COMPASS data to any of the data that exist already in the marketplace. And then the other question remains is what's the utility of a NOAC versus antiplatelet drugs in the patient population that was studied in the COMPASS trial? So I probably have some more questions related to that trial than I have answers, but we do not see it impacting our AF and VTE business going forward.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Hey, Tony, it's Charlie. Let me address your margin question. As you know, our gross margin is heavily influenced by product mix, with Eliquis, given the structure of our relationship with Pfizer, having a lower than 50% margin. So the growth of Eliquis with the loss of our higher-margin virology business has put pressure on our gross margin. So the uptick that we saw in the first quarter is almost solely due to foreign exchange when we think about it exiting out of the fourth quarter of last year, and that's more of a one-time impact that we see in the first quarter and not really repeating for the balance of the year.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Tony. Melody, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. We'll go to Seamus Fernandez with Leerink.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much. Can you hear me okay?
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yes, Seamus, we've got you.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC: All right, great, so a couple of quick questions. Can you guys talk a little bit about how in the wake of the settlement with Merck, how you plan to prosecute your rights around the patent estate that you've built up around PD-1? Obviously, it was successful with Merck, but they had a different time-to-market and there are many, many other PD-1s out there. So just wondering how aggressive you feel that you can be as a company, or if you think that that's not a value-added strategy. And the second question really is, I look at the trends on Eliquis and the still overall market opportunity with the substantial amount of warfarin out there. This feels like it could be well more than a $10 billion category. In fact, Eliquis may have an awful lot of runway ahead of it, particularly given your opportunity to extend the patent. So I just wanted to get a better sense of how much incremental opportunity you think there really is to grow the category in the U.S. and internationally. Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Seamus. This is Giovanni. So let me start, and then I'll ask Murdo to give you his comments on Eliquis. So first on the settlement with Merck, we think that is an extremely important recognition the strength of our IP estate with respect to immuno-oncology and PD-1s. And I think that settlement is critically important, but also it reinforces our perspective that we will continue to vigorously defend our IP across the board, and that clearly is a priority for the company. It has not changed. If anything, it actually has become stronger post the settlement with Merck. Let me just also say that we also are very focused on Eliquis, and we agree with the significant long-term potential there is in this market. And I'll ask Murdo to comment on that. Obviously, before I do that, let me just get back to the IP. It's clearly an important priority for us. It's also one that we share with our partner, Ono, and we are working very closely with Ono on any IP-related issue. Murdo, on Eliquis?
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Giovanni. Thanks, Seamus. We're also, as Giovanni said, we're very enthusiastic about the trajectory of Eliquis so far, and we're working closely with our partners at Pfizer to capitalize on the untapped opportunity that still exists in the market. As you mentioned, over half of the TRx business is still a warfarin-based treatment patient population. And if you look at the leading indicators, new-to-brand shares, warfarin is about 27% of the OAC [Oral Anti-Coagulant], so still a good delta to capitalize on in terms of leading indicators. We continue to invest appropriately in Eliquis. The other thing I would mention is, outside of the U.S., in some markets around the world, the NOAC class is even more underpenetrated in the market. So when you combine the U.S. opportunity and the European opportunities, we continue to feel that there's a large growth trajectory and a high ceiling for that brand.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Seamus. Melody, could we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. We'll go to Tim Anderson with Bernstein.
Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. A couple of questions. If I look at the totality of things that have happened over the last call it six months, including programs you've advanced like IDO and chemo combo and backup CTLA-4s and other things like that, a bear's point of view could say that this foretells problems with Yervoy and Opdivo, specifically in front-line lung. So my question is can you say you're as confident as ever in the possibility that CheckMate-227 is going to deliver the goods in this regard in front-line lung, or is it fair to say that Bristol's internal confidence in this is less than what it was perhaps a year ago? And then the second question is still on CheckMate-227. There have been some rumblings about additional changes potentially to the construct of that trial above and beyond what you talked about earlier. I'm wondering if you can just clarify whether any of this is correct since the latest updates that we've had. And this includes things like expanding various arms to new subgroups and timelines for readouts and sizing up the trial and that sort of thing.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tim, thank you. This is Giovanni. Let me just start. So obviously, a lot has happened in the last 6 to 12 months in first-line lung cancer. As I said earlier and Tom reiterated, this is a very difficult disease to treat. It has evolved very rapidly. You just think of the data that was released in the last 12 months, and it's clear that our competitive position has changed and continues to evolve. My perspective is that today we have the broadest program for first-line development for our immuno-oncology portfolio in lung, and we are extremely focused on executing that program. Execution is on track, and I'll let Tom answer you with respect to study design.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And, Tim, thanks for your question. I think a couple things to say. I think the first is that again, just emphasizing how complex and difficult a disease lung cancer is to treat, it's highly unlikely that there's going to be one approach that's going to fit every patient who presents in first-line. We believe strongly that Yervoy/Opdivo is certainly one of the options that needs to be pursued and developed, and we're looking at that in first-line lung cancer. And we're also looking at it in the setting of what appropriate biomarkers might be important in evaluating the potential for this combination and for really all of our drugs in first-line lung cancer. So I think that's important to emphasize. The second question you asked was about changes to CheckMate-227, and there have been no changes to CheckMate-227. The design is the same design as it was the last time it was discussed.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks for the questions, Tim. Can we go to the next question please, Melody?
Operator: Yes, we'll go to Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, a couple questions, and maybe, Murdo, you can answer this first. CheckMate-067 at AACR generated more questions about the combo than answers. Do you see the results leading to an increase in market share for the combo in melanoma or a decrease? And following up on data that came out at AACR, there was an interesting study that showed high tumor burden as a marker of success for PD-L1. I just was wondering if you were able to adjust CheckMate-227 to account for this new learning, if at all. And then lastly for you, Tom, and I appreciate your introductory commentary on your priorities. That's very helpful. Just wondering though, you have been on the board for two, three years, and I appreciate you've only been in this position for a couple months, but just curious to know what sort of changes you have thought about putting in place. What are you planning to do differently compared to the former head of R&D? For example, are there plans to change the way that you go about study designs? I think initially Bristol's focus had been on creating high-value trials showing overall survival. Those trials certainly make a lot of sense, but not when your competitors are trying to beat you to the market. So I'm just wondering if you are changing the way you approach some of these clinical trial designs. Do you have the right people in place? Do you have the right regulatory people in place just compared to where the priorities were before? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Jami. Murdo, why don't you start?
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Sure, thanks for the question, Jami. On CheckMate-067, first off, I thought Dr. Larkin did a great job presenting these important data from CheckMate-067. And as Tom mentioned, the first overall survival data set we have with an I-O/I-O combination. We have been out, obviously, getting feedback from customers in the U.S. and around the world. And I would say that the data have largely been viewed positively as confirmation of the effectiveness of Opdivo plus Yervoy in this patient population. I would agree with you; there are more questions that still people have because everybody is trying to segment patients in first-line metastatic melanoma. And we continue to work with physicians and investigators on the trial to answer those questions as best we can. I will say, for those physicians who have used the regimen and continue to believe that they're getting the best results possible in terms of response rates or overall survival in metastatic melanoma, this data set confirmed that belief. I would say for those physicians that were skeptical or overly concerned about the toxicities, and the toxicities are significant, we recognize that, but we're able to help most experienced treaters through the toxicities and we're able to help them also discuss them with their patients. For some of those physicians that remain, I would say, still concerned about the balance of efficacy and safety, particularly in the high expressers. Now, there are other descriptive analyses that have been completed. And I will remind you, obviously, it's hard to compare the active treatment of the combination to PD-1 monotherapy because the study wasn't powered to do that. So people are inferring from the data set certain things that we've yet to statistically prove. But we have seen also some good descriptive results in BRAF mutant patients where the combination of Opdivo plus Yervoy looks particularly good. So there's a lot still to unfold here. But nonetheless, my summary to all of that is net positive. Thank you.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jami, Tom Lynch here. So a couple things. First, you have two questions I'll address. One is the mutational burden question. The second are the changes within the R&D organization. So regarding mutational burden. I think this is a great example of data that we're very excited about. As you know, when we went back and looked at 026 and we found that when we stratified patients by mutational burden, we saw that the response rate was superior for nivolumab versus chemotherapy. But it's early data and it's going to require confirmation in larger data sets and it's going to require more evaluation to have a sense of what its ultimate role is. And what I really want to stress is how difficult it is to develop the appropriate biomarkers. And just think about a drug like trastuzumab. And when we started developing trastuzumab, we thought that expression of immunohistochemistry of HER-2 was going to be the ultimate marker. It turned out to be HER-2 amplification that was the marker. Think about the development of erlotinib and gefitinib. We thought it might be expression by IHC. We then thought it was going to be amplification. It turns out it was EGFR mutation that was the most important. And then also think about siltuximab and its development in colorectal cancer. It wasn't EGFR expression, it turned out to be RAS mutation. So these are all very complex areas that require a very committed and disciplined approach to biomarker development. So the second question you asked comes down to the changes within R&D. I want to just start off by saying, and I emphasize what I said in my opening remarks, is that the quality and depth of the people and the talent at Bristol-Myers Squibb in R&D I think is exceptional. We have 11 approvals in two years of I-O agents. That is an extraordinary track record. I think the execution of our regulatory team in particular is one that is beyond reproach. And I would say, I tell Giovanni, I said this is an example, I said, of the kind of execution even Tom Brady would be impressed with. However, what are our opportunities for moving forward and thinking about how we can do even better? And that's really where I think we have a couple of key priorities. The first is we've got to execute our pipeline. We've got to develop our next-generation drugs. And to do that, we're going to need to invest in tumor biology and translational medicine as well as data and analytics. The pipeline is not going to develop itself. It's going to need us to look at the totality of what we have and understand the best combinations to put together. And I think that's going to be a very important part of what we are going to do. So, again, translational medicine, investing in more cancer biology. And then, again, I keep coming back to the data and analytics piece and our relationships with GRAIL and Flatiron and looking at how can we look at a complex portfolio, not just in cancer, but also immuno-science, fibrosis and cardiology, to be able to execute this pipeline in a reasonable timeframe.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks Jami. Melody, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. We'll go to Alex Arfaei with BMO Capital Markets.
Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations on a great quarter. Sorry if I missed this earlier. But was there any inventory or deferred revenue impact on your I-O franchise, particularly in Yervoy? I'm just following up on an earlier question. How should we think about the patent life for Eliquis in major markets? Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: This is Charlie. As I mentioned in my comments, in the fourth quarter of last year, we booked the deferral that we had on our books from France and Germany. That equaled about $250 million. So that happened. When you look fourth quarter versus first quarter, we did have that one recognition last year. We did see some slight inventory builds for both Opdivo and Yervoy in the U.S. Opdivo was about $30 million, and for Yervoy about $20 million.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And with respect to your question on Eliquis patents, so our composition of matter patent expires February 2023. We have a pending request for restoration of patent terms, which goes until November of 2026.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Alex. Melody, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We go to David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Dave?
David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sorry, I was on mute. My apologies. So I have a few questions for Tom, please. And congratulations on your new role, Tom. With respect to the first one, that is Opdivo's chemo lead-in strategy to enhance Opdivo's performance in lung cancer is something new. Could you talk about that a little bit more? And then second, with respect to the forthcoming MYSTIC trial readout this summer, I guess what would you focus Bristol-Myers investors on when we're looking at those MYSTIC study results and thinking about cross-trial implications for CheckMate-227? And then finally, I think you had mentioned that in the first half of 2018 you'll have the CheckMate-227 results. But CheckMate-227 is a very complex study with three segments. Do you expect all three segments to be reporting in the first half of 2018? And also, what is the interim look in the fourth quarter of this year? Is that just in the positive cohort? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, David. Let me just start by giving you our perspective with respect to your question on MYSTIC. And as we've commented before, these are different trials with different molecules and different study design. We've actually I believe really worked hard to optimize dosing and schedule. So it's very difficult to really speculate on any implications on the results of one study versus the other. Now I'll ask Tom to answer your question with respect to chemotherapy and then provide some context on timing for CheckMate-227.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Dave. So regarding the rationale for looking at Opdivo in chemotherapy, I like to think that there might be two ways that this could be helping in this. As you know, chemotherapy has been the backbone of how we've treated lung cancer for the past 30 years. And in studies, and again it's not just with I-O, but it's also looking at targeted agents. There may be a rationale for the fact that the rapid progressors might be better suited by getting chemotherapy on board early, that there may be some rationale for that. The second thought is perhaps the addition of chemotherapy to I-O agents could help to create a more favorable environment for immune recognition and activation of the immune system. So I think there are good rationales for looking at chemotherapy with Opdivo, and I think one of the things that we're very interested in is how the combination of Opdivo, Yervoy, and chemotherapy performs. And we'll be looking at that quad combination to see where that might fit into the treatment of patients with non-small-cell lung cancer. Regarding the timelines, obviously, these patients were accrued to the different portions of the trial at different times. I don't anticipate that we would have all of the data in the first half of 2018. As you know, this is an event-driven world that we live in, in these trials and that we're going to need to see how the data matures. But we do hope to have the first data in CheckMate-227 at that point. Thanks.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Dave. Melody, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Thank you, a couple of questions, please. Just continuing on the theme of chemo at your CheckMate-568 trial, if I were to ask you whether your intended rationale by combining chemo with dual checkpoint blockade is simply addition or some form of immunopotentiation, I'd be interested in your current thesis. Second, you mentioned Charlie Swanton's papers recently published, where he clearly showed that chemo increases subclonality, and thus may actually impair subsequent long-term outcomes arguing against increasing chemo as first-line. Do you think there is merit to that hypothesis? And then finally, I noted you had started a fairly substantial Phase 1 trial with your next-generation CTLA-4. I know you consolidated serum (56:11), presumably enhanced T-REG depletion. I know that that mechanism has been downplayed by Bristol as being contributing to Yervoy's efficacy. I'm just interested in whether there's a rethink of that and obviously the implications given the other CTLA-4 molecule in Phase 3 trials. Thank you.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Andrew, thank you for your questions. I'll break them down into the three parts. The first is the rationale behind CheckMate-568, whether it's due to addition basically of the two mechanisms versus whether it might be more immunostimulatory. Again, I think that there might well be arguments you can make in both respects, and I keep an open mind to both of those. And I indicated that in response to Dave's question earlier. So I actually don't know which of those two is going to turn out to be most important. I think again with regard to Charlie's work on the complexity, the genomic complexity and heterogeneity within tumors, I do think we need additional time to see how this plays out in terms of understanding how this impacts the therapeutic classes that we use. And again, I await the collaborations that we'll be doing to look at those endpoints. And finally on CTLA-4 and our next-gen areas, I think that T-REG depletion still is a valid endpoint in developing I-O agents. Whether it's the principal activity of CTLA-4 or not I think is something that is an open question. But among our agents that we're developing in I-O, we have multiple drugs that we think have as part of their mechanism depletion of T-REGs. So I do think that there is potential for T-REG depletion to be important in the activity of I-O agents in our next-gen compounds as we bring them forward.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Andrew. Melody, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: We'll go to John Boris with SunTrust.
John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on your new role, Tom. First question for Murdo, just if you look at Opdivo's use currently, what percent is coming from lung, melanoma, renal, and if we can get a split in lung, in particular in first-line versus other line use in the U.S.? The second question has to do with the use of the diagnostic for PD-L1 testing. It seems as though many centers have gone to an exclusive use of testing, and a very high percentage of the centers are now testing. Just any thoughts on how that may shape the landscape, especially as Merck is attempting to pivot into first-line lung use? And then third and final question on the FGF21, just your thoughts, Tom, around single-agent use in fibrosis and NASH versus combination use. So one of the major competitors that has farnesoid X antagonists has certainly moved very aggressively on developing relationships and combination relationships with both the Tobira and Addis assets to maximize efficacy in this area. Just your thoughts and your openness on the importance of combination relative to single-agent therapy would be helpful.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: John, I'll address your question on testing first. Basically, what we're seeing in first-line is about 80% of patients are receiving a PD-L1 test. It is becoming, I think as you mentioned, a standard practice, and we continue to feel that that will happen in markets outside the U.S. as well as testing proliferates. So all new early diagnosed first-line lung cancer patients will have a PD-L1 result. In terms of Opdivo use overall, we've been very pleased. I think the team in the U.S. as well as the teams around the world have done a great job both defending competitively as well as establishing the launch trajectory of Opdivo. And right now in the U.S., about 55% to 65% of our total business is in lung, all lines and non-small-cell lung cancer all lines. And when you go worldwide it's higher than that given that we have a significantly lead over Keytruda.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, John, thank you for your questions about FGF21. I'd be delighted to have a chance to offer some thoughts on this. We're very excited about FGF21 because it's the first of our agents to come forward from looking at fibrosis and NASH, and we think this drug has a number of favorable features about it. It impacts the metabolic drivers, fat accumulation. It has anti-inflammatory properties, and we also believe it's going to impact fibrosis within the liver itself. And when you think about the kinds of patients who get NASH, these are patients who are dealing with obesity, patients who are dealing often with diabetes, metabolic syndrome. It's a difficult group of patients to treat. And so how we develop these drugs, whether they're single agents or combinations, I think a key look at side effect profiles, at lipid profiles, at making sure that we're able to achieve endpoints that are meaningful, meaning reduction in fibrosis ultimately, I think will be the ultimate goal. Whether it's a single agent or combination, I obviously remain open to both opportunities. I think there are reasons to think our drug might work as a single agent. However, I think it would be important for us to also consider what combination therapy in the future might look like in this setting. It's an important unmet medical need that we are very happy to be able to offer some options for.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Tom. Again, we are in a very strong position financially, commercially, clinically, and I believe we are well positioned to continue to grow the company and play an even more important role in the lives of our patients. Thanks, everyone.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, everybody. This concludes our call. As always, if you have any follow-ups, give us a call or shoot us an email. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for attending.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
Analysts: Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. Marc Goodman - UBS Securities LLC Jeffrey Holford - Jefferies LLC Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christine, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2016 fourth quarter results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. John Elicker, you may begin your conference.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Christine, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining the call this morning. With me I have: Giovanni Caforio, our Chief Executive Officer: Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer; Murdo Gordon, our Chief Commercial Officer; and Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer. Giovanni and Charlie will have prepared remarks, and obviously Murdo and Francis will be available for questions. I'll take care of the Safe Harbor language first before I turn it over to Giovanni. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments during the call on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. 2016 was a year of strong operational performance for the company with 17% growth in sales and 41% growth in non-GAAP earnings. While I will provide some comments on 2016 and my thoughts on 2017, Charlie will go into more detail. Knowing that last week's regulatory update is on your minds, I will start by providing my perspective on our lung cancer program. Before I do that, I must state again that for strategic reasons, for competitive reasons, and in order to protect the integrity of ongoing studies, we are not able to provide specific details beyond last week's short statement. Here is what I can say about our lung cancer program. We have a broad front-line lung cancer program which we expanded and strengthened over the last several months. We have four combination front-line lung studies that are ongoing. These studies are designed with the optionality we build into all of our studies. We are committed to the development of the combination of Yervoy plus Opdivo. As you know, the competitive landscape in this space has changed over the last 9 to 12 months, and it could very well change again based on future data readouts. We believe through our broad development program we have an opportunity to play a meaningful role in the treatment of patients in the first-line lung cancer setting. And with this in mind, our R&D team is focused and well-resourced in front-line lung and is constantly looking for ways to strengthen our program and bring forward new treatments. Now, while the lung cancer opportunity is important to us, in 2017 we are focused on a broad set of priorities in oncology beyond lung cancer. Commercially for I-O, we continue to focus on three elements of our business: our international business; our non-lung business in the U.S.; and our lung business in the U.S. With respect to our international business, our teams have done a great job with access and reimbursement. You've seen that in our full-year results. Specifically in the quarter, we completed price negotiations for France and Germany. Overall, I expect to see continued growth internationally in 2017. Regarding our non-lung business in the U.S., 2016 was a great year in the U.S., driven by the combination regimen in melanoma and our very competitive position in renal cancer. For 2017, I expect to see continued growth for melanoma and renal as well as from our recently launched head-and-neck indication and the expected bladder approval. And regarding the third element, our lung business in the U.S., in 2016 we did a great job establishing Opdivo. We know our second-line business will face increasing competitive pressure in 2017, and our teams are focused on defending our position. Murdo can talk more about our global commercial opportunities. From an R&D perspective, in 2017 we expect to continue to advance our Opdivo program at the same time as we make progress on our next wave of I-O assets. With 11 clinical stage I-O molecules in the clinic, we have a broad program where we expect to see important early data readouts, including IDO, GITR, and LAG-3. I am excited to see how these progress. Francis can provide more details. Taken together, we are very proud of our innovation in immuno-oncology, and I remain convinced of our significant long-term opportunity in I-O. Importantly, we announced last week the positive resolution of patent litigation with Merck for PD-1. It's important to note that the strength of our patents have been publicly acknowledged, and I continue to feel very positive about our PD-1 and our PD-L1 patent estate. Going forward, we will continue to protect our innovation and defend our IP. I also want to comment on our 2017 priorities outside of oncology. We will build on the strength of the brands we've established with Eliquis and Orencia in the near term. Longer term, we are advancing our efforts to diversify our portfolio with new pipeline agents in heart failure, immuno-science and fibrosis. Later this year, we expect early data in house from assets in systemic lupus, NASH, and psoriasis. Francis may provide additional details on this progress. In closing, let me say that I am proud of the strong performance we delivered in 2016 and excited about our prospects for 2017 and beyond. Charlie will now provide additional comments on our 2016 performance and 2017 guidance.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Giovanni. Good morning, everyone. As Giovanni mentioned, we delivered a very strong 2016. This was in spite of foreign exchange headwinds that negatively impacted non-GAAP EPS by $0.02 in the fourth quarter and $0.08 for the full year. Let me start with some comments about Opdivo. We recorded $1.3 billion of worldwide revenue for Opdivo in the quarter, reflecting continued strong execution across our markets. The successful outcome of price negotiations in both France and Germany resulted in $373 million of revenue recognition in the quarter, inclusive of approximately $250 million deferred from previous quarters. In the U.S., we did see demand growth, although at a slowing rate. Our sales of $715 million were roughly flat versus Q3, including the impact of a slight inventory work-down during the quarter. As we expected, the U.S. lung market has started to become more competitive, mainly due to the entry of Tecentriq in second-line. We continue to believe in the growth prospects of our non-lung business in the U.S. given our recent head-and-neck launch, potential bladder launch, our focus on increasing use of the regimen in BRAF-positive melanoma patients, and strong execution in RCC, where we've regained market share during fourth quarter. Since we discussed 2017 expectations for Opdivo sales back in October, our outlook for the year has been affected by the potential earlier entry of the Keytruda/chemo combo. Taking this into account, we expect Opdivo to grow globally, driven by our international business. In the U.S., we expect Opdivo will be roughly flat with the potential to show growth, and we will focus on defending our second-line position and driving adoption in other indications. For Yervoy, we saw steady demand in the U.S., though our sales were down slightly from Q3, mainly due to a reversal of inventory build, which I mentioned in October. Increased demand during the quarter for Eliquis was the primary driver for growth in the U.S. Compared to Q4 of 2015, inventory was unfavorable by about $25 million, as stocking activity last year did not recur this year. Turning to our virology business, as we had expected, we are seeing the accelerated decline in our hep C business due to competition from Epclusa. We have now stopped promotional activities for hep C in the U.S. and expect the decline to accelerate this year. Outside the U.S., sales have declined relative to prior quarters, as Epclusa continues to gain access across the European footprint. Going forward, the pace of decline internationally will depend on how quickly Epclusa gets reimbursed in each market. At this point, I'll discuss some elements of our non-GAAP P&L, starting with gross margins, which as you know, is strongly influenced by product mix. Compared to the same time last year, we've seen downward pressure on our margins from the decline in our virology business and growth of Eliquis, partially offset by Opdivo. This will continue to be important for 2017, as I'll discuss a little later. MS&A was negatively impacted by a bad debt reserve for our HIV business in Latin America. In addition, we had increased investments in I-O and a higher pharmacy compared with last year. Today, we're revising our 2017 EPS guidance and providing line item guidance. Since we initially provided EPS guidance back in October, our projections have been primarily affected by two factors: one, foreign exchange; and two, the potential for an earlier than expected entry of the Keytruda/chemo combo in May. With respect to FX, as you know, the U.S. dollar has strengthened since the election against most currencies, including the euro and yen, which represent our biggest exposures. Based on current FX rates, our 2017 EPS outlook has been negatively impacted by about $0.07 from the guidance we provided in October. Regarding gross margin, similar to our trends in the fourth quarter, our 2017 guidance takes account of the continued declining contribution of virology and the growth of Eliquis, which is somewhat offset by Opdivo. And with respect to OpEx, as we've said, we expect to keep total operating expenses roughly flat through 2020 compared to 2016, but with an increase in R&D this year. Included in our guidance is the impact from our recently announced IP settlement with Merck. This was assumed when we provided guidance in October, given the state of negotiations at that time. Our share of the royalties will be recorded in other income and our share of the upfront payment will be excluded from our non-GAAP results. I did want to point out that we expect a decision on our appeal of a European ruling on our Sprycel composition of matter patent in early February. We've disclosed this previously in our quarterly filing. And although we feel confident in our legal position, I wanted to highlight given it's within a couple of weeks of this call. I will finish on capital allocation. Our business development priorities have not changed. During the quarter, we executed several business development deals across our therapeutic areas of focus as well as translational medicine and biomarkers. As you know, we announced a $3 billion share repurchase in October and said that we had hoped to repurchase $200 million to $300 million per quarter. During the fourth quarter, we were unable to execute any repurchases because settlement negotiations regarding the IP litigation with Merck precluded us from doing so. Our plan going forward is consistent with our original intent of approximately $200 million to $300 million per quarter. Now, we're happy to address your questions. John?
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Charlie. Christine, I think we're ready to go to the Q&A. Just as a reminder, both Francis and Murdo are here for questions. I also understand that the sound quality – we may have had a hiccup in our sound quality during the call. I apologize for that. So if you missed anything or weren't sure, please go ahead and follow up with questions on that. Christine?
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Gregg Gilbert from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, good morning, team. My first question is about Opdivo. Whatever the data was that you used to decide to not pursue the expedited pathway in front-line lung, could you tell us whether that data affects your views on the probability of success for CheckMate-227 in any way? And for Giovanni, a bigger-picture M&A question: can you comment on the potential for large-scale M&A in either direction and diversify the company and just continue to comment on the prioritization of diversification as it relates to Bristol? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Let me start, Gregg, good morning, by saying that with respect to business development in general and M&A, our focus is to continue to execute our strategy. As I've said many times, we look at deals that make sense scientifically, strategically, and financially. We are relatively agnostic to size. We have obviously executed a larger number of small science-driven deals. That's really a function primarily of the volume of those opportunities available in the market. But we always have looked at opportunities for later-stage assets and different types of opportunities, and that focus will continue. With respect to your question on the lung cancer regulatory update, as we have mentioned, we are really not able to add data because of the rationale I described before, but I will let Francis comment on that.
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good morning, Gregg. We remain committed to investigating the role of the Opdivo/Yervoy combination in lung. Remember, we have the broadest first-line lung program in the industry. We're generating data as well as the I-O/I-O combination; I-O/chemo and an I-O/combo chemo combination. So while the competitive landscape continues to evolve, we believe our combinations will have a role to play in first-line lung.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Gregg. Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Schott from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks very much for the questions. The first one is can you just elaborate a little bit on the Opdivo growth outlook for 2017? I guess your guidance assumes an approval of the Merck chemo combo. Just how do you see that potential approval impacting Opdivo? And how do you defend your lung franchise in the event of that approval and before you have data from CheckMate-227? My second question was just a broader picture of how you're thinking about the role of chemo combo versus CTLA-4 combos at this point. If we look back at the data we've seen over the past year, has that changed your view in terms of the relative attractiveness of those two approaches, and are you seeing a larger role for chemo than you would have in the past? Thanks very much.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Chris. It's Murdo here. I'll address the first part of the question and then pass over to Francis for the second part. When we think about our I-O business in general for 2017, we're really thinking about it in three components. We think about our U.S. lung business. We think about the rest of our business in the U.S., and then of course our international business. And as we think about 2017 for our U.S. lung business, we feel in second-line so far we've been able to defend, as expected. We're exiting 2016 at around a 40% share of overall second-line lung. And we are seeing the I-O class in general increase in its penetration of second-line lung. Mainly, most of our erosion in second-line has been attributable to the launch of Tecentriq in the fourth quarter. Outside of lung, we're looking at very strong performance across our other approved tumor types as well as some continuing non-promoted sales, so good performance of the regimen in melanoma, good performance of Opdivo in RCC. Very early launch, but execution looks good in head-and-neck. And as I said, we're also getting some non-promoted sales in small-cell lung cancer and then miscellaneous other tumors. We are assuming success for KEYNOTE-021 approval in the early May timeframe. And with that, we're primarily assuming that some of our ongoing first-line non-promoted sales for Opdivo in lung will go away, given that physicians will have another approved option for low and/or non-expressers in first-line. So that's an assumption we've made, and that clearly puts our lung business under some pressure going forward. But as I said, we remain confident in our Opdivo business in the U.S. because of our performance in the other tumor types and hopefully some other launches as we anticipate approval in bladder. Outside of the U.S., as reimbursement has come online and as final price negotiations have occurred, we've seen really nice uptake, and I would say uptake curves consistent with what we've seen historically in the U.S. So both in France and in Germany, the Opdivo business is performing well in melanoma and in lung. In Germany, we see the emergence of our RCC uptake where you can get rapid adoption prior to final price negotiations. And as the rest of the markets outside of the U.S. come online with reimbursement, we expect to drive some pretty good growth there.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Chris, before Francis gives you more detail on the second part of your question, I'll just go back to some of the statements I made in my introductory remarks. First, we are committed to the development of the combination of Yervoy plus Opdivo. Second, we have a really broad program that is looking at different combination strategies that includes chemotherapy. And third, we clearly believe that our program due to its breadth provides a meaningful opportunity for us to play a meaningful role in first-line lung cancer going forward.
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Chris, good morning. As we mentioned in the second half of last year after CheckMate-026, we already had a chemo combo arm in CheckMate-227. We added to that using CheckMate-227 essentially as a master protocol. We were able to ramp that up quickly. That's in all comers. I think our view is that, as Giovanni said, we have this broad program where we think there's going to be a lot of unmet need still in first-line lung, and we will be generating data in very different areas potentially, so that we will essentially have some combination with a role in first-line lung. In addition, as we've said before, after CheckMate-026 we are looking at the number of biomarkers that came out of our analysis in CheckMate-026, and we will be looking to publish some interesting data on that later this year.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: I will also add to that our commitment to the combo of Opdivo and Yervoy. Obviously, we've had a lot of discussions in lung, but you are aware of the data in melanoma. We are quite excited about the prospects in renal and small-cell lung cancer, so it's a really broad program.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Chris. Christine, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. I have two questions, and just please be patient with me because they're long and detailed. I guess the first question again is on Yervoy and nivo [nivolumab]. I'm just wondering. Given your cryptic answers to our questions, and the press release on Thursday night left more questions than they did answers, and obviously the stock wiped out a lot of value and the market I think is assuming worst case that you will have no place in lung, but if I'm reading your answers correctly, it sounds like you are less confident in I-O/I-O and maybe more confident in I-O/chemo, and you're basically saying you're committed. That doesn't help us, but you're committed. And it sounds like you're saying look, we'll get there some way, either I-O/I-O or I-O/chemo. Is that the right way to look at it? And then, Giovanni, I have a follow-up question for you. Thanks.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jami, why don't you go ahead and ask it right away?
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, all right. So listen, if I take a step back and look at what has happened to Bristol-Myers in the past year, you've gone from having the best oncology I-O franchise in the industry with a significant lead over your competitors to now handing that lead over to Merck and, in my view, squandering what was otherwise an extraordinary and enviable market position with now question marks over your position in lung. So again, a question to you, Giovanni, and I asked this of you a couple weeks ago at my conference. What is your plan to unlock shareholder value in light of the continued underperformance? Are we going to sit around and just wait for CheckMate-227 and hope for the best, or is there a plan to consider a major rethink to unlock value, like a Plan B? And I just want to say that as a longtime supporter of your stock, we think Bristol has a remarkable and robust pipeline, but that has not translated into shareholder value creation. And just, Giovanni, what do we do about this? Do you just sit there and wait, or are there other plans in place, alternative strategies? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jami, thank you. Let me just answer your second question first. I believe it's a very important question. And let me start by acknowledging your concern. And so there are really four areas that I am focusing on to continue to drive shareholder value (25:12). And those four areas have continued to have our utmost focus and attention. The first one is commercial execution. And we are very focused in continuing to drive very strong commercial execution. We have demonstrated our ability to do that in 2016. In 2017, as Murdo said, we see significant opportunities for our marketed immuno-oncology indications across the world, and I want to repeat what those elements of growth opportunity are. Outside of oncology, we are very pleased with what we are doing with Eliquis, which has been established as the leading AF [Atrial Fibrillation] brand globally. We are very pleased with our ability to drive performance with Orencia and Sprycel, but obviously we will continue to work really hard to make sure that the trends of those brands continue to be very strong. The second area of focus for us is our first-line lung cancer program. And I do understand that it would be easier to be able to communicate more with respect to that program. But the reality is we do have four large ongoing Phase III programs, and they have (26:41) since late last year following the negative results of study CheckMate-026, both an option to explore the I-O/I-O combo, which we remain committed to, and alternative strategies, which include I-O/chemotherapy as well as the potential to actually use a short-term cycle of chemotherapy in addition to our I-O/I-O regimen. So that is one of our priorities. And as I said in my remarks, we do believe we have an opportunity to have a meaningful role to play in the future in lung cancer. I think it is important to think about what is happening with the rest of our broad late-stage I-O program because we have a significant number of late-stage programs with registrational potential that can read over the next 12 to 24 months. I am focused on potential data in first-line renal cell and HCC. I am focused on data in small-cell lung cancer in both first and second-line, and all of those readouts are possible in the next 12 months. The fourth priority that we have is to accelerate our pipeline, and a lot is happening there. We did start to see some data at the end of 2016. There clearly is the potential for a number of important data readouts that can lead to registrational programs. I'll mention liri [lirilumab], LAG-3, GITR, CFS1R, IDO in oncology; and outside of oncology a number of promising programs like CD28, TYK2, possibly BTK, two programs in fibrosis that we believe have potential to be really important for us. So we are very focused on continuing to drive shareholder value. And as I said, we're focused on four areas that represent our plan. And as I told you, this is the utmost priority for me and for my management team. I think I've addressed in some way your question about the way we think about lung cancer, but Francis may want to add in this area as well.
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good morning, Jami. Let me emphasize that we do remain fully committed to investigating the role of Yervoy and Opdivo in combination in multiple tumors, including lung cancer. And just to reiterate, we have more than a dozen registration studies ongoing for the combination, which are going to read out over the next 12 to 36 months, all of them with optionality built in, as we have in all our Phase III studies. In addition to what Giovanni mentioned around renal cell, there's also small cell, head-and-neck, gastric, MSI-high, and epicellular carcinoma, so a number of potential registration studies, and we're still fully committed to the additional benefit that we believe could attribute to the combination over Opdivo alone.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Christine, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes, your next question comes from the line of Marc Goodman from UBS. Your line is open.
Marc Goodman - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. First on CheckMate-227, can you just clarify? In the past, you've talked about there are potential interim looks. I just want to make sure I understand. Is it a potential interim look, or are there more than one potential interim looks before the end of the calendar year? Second question is can you give us a flavor for – in the fourth quarter for the U.S. sales of Opdivo, how much of it was lung? And then third, also for the fourth quarter for Opdivo, can you give us a sense of how much was from Japan from the Ono revenues? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Let me just start by just reiterating (31:13) that we have optionality built in (31:18 – 31:23). That is true for our entire lung cancer program as well. Murdo?
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you. Marc, across the (31:30) business in the quarter in the U.S. (31:35 – 31:40) in the quarter.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Christine, can we go to the next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Holford from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Holford - Jefferies LLC: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I've just got a few to fire at you. So given there was no change in the GAAP guidance but a change in the non-GAAP guidance, can we assume that essentially the upfront that came from Merck that was coming in 2017 is a wash on the impact of what you've written off potentially in the back half of the year from first-line lung? Is that the right way to think about it? And then just another question on the first-line lung. What do you think? Can you give us any indication of what the level of first-line lung sales were in revenue terms in the U.S. in Q4? And then just the other question, I wonder if you can just tell us a little bit about what the expected financial impact would be on Sprycel should things be worst-case scenario there for 2017. Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: (31:35 – 33:02) And the third part of your question regarding Sprycel sales in Europe in the fourth quarter, sales were around $100 million, and for the full year just short of $400 million for Sprycel. And depending, assuming worst case, as I mentioned, we feel very strongly about our IP position. But it really depends on the entry and timing of entry of what the impact could be.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And on the question regarding first-line lung sales, what I can share is the percentage of (33:33) in first-line lung at the exit of 2016 (33:41 – 34:03) chemo, there could be upside in 2017 related to that assumption.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Christine, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Anderson from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you, a few questions, and I just want to note that the last few answers you guys have given for the last few questions, at least for me, are not really audible. But let me go ahead and ask my questions. The first one is on the IDO space. Merck and Incyte now have five pivotals looking at an IDO combo. That Phase II data looks interesting based on what we see, comparable to CTLA-4 combo, potentially better safety. So while there's a lot of current attention by investors on CTLA-4 combo versus chemo combo, I'm wondering if IDO combo might be the next emerging threat. I know you have a platform here, but it's earlier. Second question, you guys have a Phase III trial that looked at Yervoy monotherapy in lung. I think it's called CA184-104. I believe that completed about a year ago. Yet unless I've missed it, those results haven't been published or presented, and I'm wondering if you have a timeframe for when that will happen. I know the focus is on the combo, but I think it could still be interesting to see these results. And last question, a quick one, can you confirm you have not yet done an efficacy interim look at CheckMate-227?
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: (35:34 – 36:18)
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: All right, hold on a second. Can we hold the calls right now? I'm getting a lot of texts that things are inaudible. Christine, we're going to seek another conference room. Can you put all calls on hold right now and see if we can't address this, please?
Operator: Yes. [Audio Break] (36:30 – 37:55) We apologize. We are experiencing technical difficulties. The call will resume momentarily. Thank you. [Audio Break] (38:00 – 38:38) Again, we apologize for the inconvenience. The call will resume momentarily. [Audio Break] (38:41 – 39:53) Your line is now live.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Okay, thank you, Christine, and to everybody, apologies for the technical difficulty. My understanding is that it's on the back end of the conference call company. We are not purposely trying to muffle our discussion. I think what might be most helpful is if we go back and take – maybe, Tim Anderson, we'll take your question. And to your point, we'll go back to a few, maybe to Marc Goodman, Christine, and then maybe Jeff Holford again, and then go from there. So, Tim, do you want to start over and try your question again?
Operator: 
Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: This is Tim.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Go ahead, Tim. We hear you.
Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, I'm hoping you can talk about the IDO space given the fact that Merck and Incyte have five pivotal trials now looking at an IDO combo, and the early data on IDO combo looks interesting. So as I was mentioning before, there's a lot of attention on CTLA-4 combo versus chemo combo, and I'm wondering if the IDO combo might be the next emerging threat. And I know you guys have a platform here but it's earlier. Second question was on the Phase III Yervoy monotherapy trial in lung cancer that finished about a year ago called CA184-104. Unless I've missed it, those results still haven't been presented or published, and I'm wondering when we might be able to see those. And then last question was can you confirm you haven't yet done any interim efficacy looks at CheckMate-227?
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good morning again, Tim, I apologize again for the fact that you couldn't hear us. Let me say that IDO is indeed an interesting mechanism from our perspective, which is, of course, why we bought Flexus in 2015. We will be presenting data, the PK/PD safety data on the Flexus IDO at the AACR [American Association for Cancer Research] in April. And depending on the data, the clinical data that we hope to present later in the year, we would hope, if it's good data, to move the mechanism into registration and combination studies with nivo in several tumor types. I will note, in addition, through our collaboration within Incyte, our studies of nivo with Incyte's IDO have been going well. As far as the Yervoy study in lung, I believe it was presented. I don't think there's any particular reason we have held it back. And we can obviously get back to you and let you know specifically, but I don't have the details at hand. And then coming back to the request about more data, I just wanted to emphasize, and you may not have been able to hear Giovanni earlier. The update we gave you was essentially a regulatory update, and we have a number of studies ongoing. Again, we're totally committed to our first-line lung studies. It's a broad program. And in order to protect the integrity of the studies, I just can't provide any additional details at this time.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Christine, if I could, I think I'm going to go back and try to summarize what some of the questions were and we're going to go back and answer them here. So first, Giovanni, maybe you could answer – Jami asked a question about shareholder value and what we're focused on, if you could address that.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jami, I apologize you couldn't hear us. So I acknowledge your concern and what you articulated in your question. I just want to articulate the way we think about continuing to drive shareholder value and what my focus and my team's focus is. And we are really focused on four areas. What I mentioned earlier is the first one is commercial execution. There, we have had a very strong 2016 across the board, whether you look at the U.S. or international and our various businesses. And we are absolutely focused on continuing to drive execution and commercial performance in areas where we see significant opportunity for growth. That is clearly Eliquis. That is clearly Orencia. As Murdo mentioned, it's our ex-U.S. immuno-oncology business. It is our U.S. business outside of lung. And then in lung, obviously it is our priority to defend our second-line business. But commercial execution remains obviously a key lever and a very high and important priority for us. The second priority is our first-line lung cancer program. We did have a setback last year. At this point, we have a broad program with four ongoing registrational studies. They include Opdivo and Yervoy. And as you mentioned, we do remain committed to those. And they do include a number of other modalities. It is a very large program, and we are very focused on executing that program. As I did mention in my remarks, we believe we do have an opportunity to play a meaningful role in this space in the future. The third one is the rest of what is a very broad late-stage I-O program. And outside of lung, there is a significant number of registrational programs that will read over the next 12 to 24 months. I did mention as examples of programs I'm focusing on, our first-line renal, our first-line HCC program, the first and second-line programs that we have in small-cell lung cancer, and Francis did add a number of other potential data readouts, and I'll ask him to do that again. The fourth priority is the acceleration of our pipeline, and there we are working and as a priority advancing a number of really important programs with potential data readouts that can lead if positive to the beginning of registrational programs. In oncology, I did mention liri. I mentioned LAG-3, GITR, CFS1R, IDO. And outside of oncology, where in immunoscience we are accelerating CD28, TYK2, possibility BTK, and a number of programs in fibrosis that are also very promising. So we are focused on continuing to drive shareholder value. There are significant potential opportunities in the company. There is a focus on lung cancer, but it goes well beyond lung cancer. And it's clearly our priority.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Giovanni. There was also – Jeff Holford asked a question of Charlie about the upfront payment from Merck and the accounting treatment on that. Charlie?
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jeff, once again, so between our GAAP and non-GAAP results, it's only specified items, so ongoing operations go through both. The difference and the reason that we changed our non-GAAP results was, as I mentioned in my comments, related to foreign exchange and the potential launch of the Keytruda/chemo combo in May. The reason we didn't change our GAAP guidance was the composition of the upfront payment related to our settlement with Merck.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Great. And, Murdo, there were several questions about the commercial dynamics for I-O in lung and Opdivo.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Sure. Thanks, John. I'll try and cover the overall expectation and then insert some of the specific answers to questions that were also asked. So when we think about our I-O business for 2017, we're really thinking about it in terms of three components. We think about our U.S. lung business, our U.S. business beyond lung, and then our worldwide business. In the U.S., clearly we're very focused on defending our second-line position. We exited 2016 at roughly a 40% share of second-line lung, which was in line with our expectations. We gave up about 10 points of market share with the launch of Tecentriq, so that was really the pressure that we were under there. However, we continue to feel with competitive share of voice, with strong execution, and a strong profile in second-line that we'll be able to defend that business going forward. We've taken a balanced view of the rest of lung in that we have assumed the approval of KEYNOTE-021 at the PDUFA action date of early May. And if that timing changes or the adoption of that modality of treatment is different from our assumption, there could be upside to our forecast for lung in the U.S. However, we feel we've taken a very balanced view there. If we go outside of lung in the U.S., we continue to see really strong momentum for Opdivo across all the approved indications, and we're preparing obviously for a potential launch in bladder as well. The combination regimen of Opdivo and Yervoy is performing well and has maintained its position as the leading treatment of choice in first-line metastatic melanoma with over a 30% share. We've gained or regained share in second-line renal cell carcinoma, and we continue to see very strong execution in the early phase of our head-and-neck second-line launch as well. We're also seeing continued off-label usage of Opdivo in areas where NCCN [National Comprehensive Cancer Network] listings have provided a pathway to reimbursement like small-cell lung cancer. So overall in the U.S., we continue to see a robust Opdivo business. We are projecting that to be relatively flat but some upside opportunities exist. When we go outside of the U.S., where we've secured reimbursement now, and you've seen that recognition of our deferred revenues in the fourth quarter, our Opdivo performance where we have reimbursement has been very good. And the uptake curves look similar to what we've seen historically in the U.S. So we have seen in France and Germany in our melanoma and our lung uptake very, very robust trends. And in Germany, we have the early emergence now of our RCC trend, given that you can promote and see sales prior to full-price negotiations in Germany. We're also working to accelerate all the other reimbursement decisions around all the other markets ex-U.S. So overall, the international business will contribute very good growth in 2017 to our overall business. I did get a couple of specific questions. One was what was our percentage of our business in the U.S. that was lung? For the fourth quarter, that percentage is approximately 60%. And we were also asked specifically what our Japan sales were for Opdivo in the fourth quarter, and the answer to that was $51 million. I think I've covered most of the questions but happy to receive follow-ups.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So thanks and again, apologies, everybody, for the technical difficulties. Christine, we're not going to go backward. I think if there are topics that we missed, they'll likely come up in the next few questions again would be my guess. So if we can, just go to the next person on the list, Christine, for the next question, please.
Operator: Yes, thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Seamus Fernandez from Leerink. Your line is open.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks for the questions. So I guess just from a big-picture strategic perspective, Giovanni, if you can, just maybe take a look back for us at the different approaches that have been taken. Obviously, there have been some meaningful upfront decisions that you had to make with regard to commitments to specific mechanisms. Obviously, having CTLA-4 on board was a specific commitment. But as I think about some of the strategic decisions and the differences between yourself and the decisions that you've made and the decision that Merck has made, when you study those and look at your own decision processes internally from an R&D perspective, how has the change in position caused your evaluation of the next leg of the I-O pipeline to change? Is it going to be more biomarker driven? What are the aspects that you think really need to occur here? Because the next leg of I-O development looks wildly inefficient, I think, to most of the investor community out there today. And then the second question really is, as you watch some of those other indications that you pointed out, which would you highlight as the ones that specifically have the most potential commercially and where you believe that you could have a sustainable lead in the market? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Seamus, thank you. These are very good questions. So I would start from saying that from the beginning, we have invested in a broad immuno-oncology program across multiple tumors and across multiple lines of therapy. In fact, that includes a distinct focus on the adjuvant setting and in the late-stage setting, both first and second-line and neo- adjuvant. We have also from the beginning articulated a view that combinations will be required in order to make a meaningful difference for patients in oncology. And we have focused on the combination between Opdivo and Yervoy because we believe there is a strong scientific underpinning to that combination. We believe there is data that has emerged from multiple tumor types that proves the value of adding these two mechanisms of action. In fact, Francis many times recently has said that the understanding of that scientifically is continuing to advance. And clearly we have continued to build an early pipeline, which enables us to broaden the combination strategies that we follow. You will remember that in fact as data has emerged, we have updated our strategy in first-line lung cancer. We have included combination studies with chemotherapy, but we are also looking at what short-course chemotherapy can do in potentially addressing the needs of rapidly progressing patients that can then continue on the regimen. My message there is that as the science evolves, we do not have a dogmatic approach, and we will continue to broaden our program in the ways that we think can add value for patients and advance programs. We have done a lot of work following the negative outcome of study CheckMate-026 to understand the relevance of different biomarkers, not only PD-L1 expression but also others. We will publish that data. What we have learned is clearly informing the next stage of development decisions we are making. And obviously given the very rich early immuno-oncology pipeline in the company, we do believe that biomarkers will be important. Translational medicine's capabilities are essential. We have been working with leaders around the world for many years now through our immuno-oncology network. But we are significantly strengthening those capabilities at the same time because we do agree that they will be very important in enabling rapid progress for what is a really broad and deep immuno-oncology pipeline that we have. I believe that one element that characterizes our strategy is that many of the targets we're working on are in-house. We believe that will give us flexibility over time versus relying exclusively on external collaborations, but we have never been not open. In fact, we've always been open to external collaborations as well. And with respect to your question about potential, I am really focused on areas we know best like renal cell, where I think we have a meaningful opportunity globally and an ongoing late-stage Phase III program. I believe there is clear potential in small-cell lung cancer, where we've demonstrated very strong data. There is clearly significant potential in HCC, and I think that we are looking at areas where we can enter the market and then continue to generate meaningful data. But I do believe that we are well positioned as a company for a next wave of immuno-oncology innovation that is much more driven by translational medicine and biomarkers. And we have a lot of the right tools to continue to advance those combinations. But we are also very willing and able to partner externally to further broaden our reach.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Great. Thanks, Seamus. Can we go to the next question, please, Christine?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Baum from Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Thank you, a few questions, please. One for Francis. Francis, can you confirm to us at our conference in December, you published (1:00:03 – 1:00:10) Could you just confirm that statement. Second, do you believe (1:00:14)
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Hold on, Andrew. We're now getting a ton of interference on your line. I don't know, Christine, if you can do anything about that.
Operator: I do apologize, Andrew, if you want to requeue up for a question on another line.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: My comment was on (1:00:35). Okay. I'm going to have to dial – can you hear me or not?
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Try again. We heard the first part of your question was asking Francis if he can confirm that the data that we've seen that led to the decision last week was related to CheckMate-227. I think that was the first part of your question.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: No, that wasn't the question. The question was: when you and Francis were at a conference in December, Francis confirmed to us that you needed CheckMate-227 to file. Given events since that date, I just want to ask you to confirm that statement. Second, do you continue to believe that Opdivo/Yervoy is the standard of care for the majority of non-small-cell lung patients, which again came from that conference? And then finally, how quickly is the futility analysis done for CheckMate-227? I'm obviously thinking about the potential for discontinuation of certain arms. Did you get any of that?
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Christine, we're going to have to let Andrew's line go off, but I think we heard your view of what Francis said at your conference related to CheckMate-227, needing CheckMate-227 data and you need comment on that. Second question was our view on Opdivo/Yervoy standard of care in front-line lung cancer. And the third related to futility analysis or I guess DMC review of CheckMate-227.
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Andrew, good morning. So let me just go back and say two things. First of all, as Giovanni said, we have a broad first-line lung program now. I think I understand your desire to understand more data about what we've just said, but I'm actually not going to comment at all about additional details about the analysis, although of course CheckMate-227 is part of a registration plan of our broader portfolio. As far as – all our Phase III studies I would say have DMCs, data monitoring committees. They conduct regular reviews. And to-date, they have not recommended to make any changes to any of our studies.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Andrew, I'll take a stab at the question on whether or not we still believe that Opdivo plus Yervoy can address the majority of non-small-cell lung cancer. The first part of my answer is we'll need to wait to see the data mature. But as we see it, really only 25% of the market has been satisfied with the first approval of pembrol [pembrolizumab] in greater than 50% expressers, and we haven't seen a durable long-term data set yet with chemo combinations. So if we can deliver a long-term durable benefit with a regimen in first-line lung cancer, then there's a large addressable population that still has potential.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Christine, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I know chemo combo is one of the components of CheckMate-227, but does the first-line approval of O21G (1:03:56) change how you guys think about the hurdle for clinical meaningfulness for CheckMate-227? And then I guess along the same lines for I-O/I-O combos, do you think the hurdle has now been raised to now include overall survival as a metric? Do you have to hit that to be competitive? And then a commercial one, OUS will be a bigger component of Opdivo growth, obviously. But in the EU countries that have reimbursement, maybe you could go over the subtleties in the lung market in terms of patients' awareness. I'm just trying to think of what you can do from a defensive perspective in your European rollout. Thanks.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So I can take the last part of the question. In Europe, where we've been successful so far, we've been very active in building awareness among the oncology community as well as patient communities. I'll use France as a particular example, where we were the first company to participate in the ATU Early Access Programs that the French government allows. We have in the neighborhood of 70% to 80% of the PD-1 market in France right now, after recognizing our revenues in the fourth quarter. And we continue to see shares of the PD-1 category across Europe in the neighborhood of 60% to 80% of PD-1 category. And in fact, we exited last year in the U.S. at 66% of PD-1. So the uptake curves in Europe are very similar. There are some nuances. In Germany, there are different prescribing audiences that write for lung, and you have a community base of pulmonologists who are naive to immuno-oncology therapy. Similarly for urologists. So I would expect some tumor types to have slightly different shape curves on the basis of those unique groups of physicians that prescribe. But in general, the uptake curves have been very good, and I do think that the breadth of our indications continues to provide us some opportunity to defend in second-line lung going forward.
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Geoff, I think while acknowledging that the competitive landscape does continue to evolve very quickly, I would just say that as far as our studies are concerned, we have a number of endpoints, including interim analyses, that will allow us, depending on where the regulatory bar gets raised, to play in this situation. I will just add that the FDA has been – we have a very good relation with the FDA, and certainly they've been very flexible across the board in terms of trying to understand the needs of patients and how to bring these drugs to patients as expeditiously as possible with robust data sets.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Can we go to the next question, Christine?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vamil Divan from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great, thanks so much for taking the questions. Hopefully you can hear me and I can hear your answers. So two quick ones if I could. One, I'm just curious on your confidence around KEYNOTE-021G. You mentioned that's part of what's driving the guidance change for 2017. Most of the lung cancer experts we spoke to actually don't think that should be approved on that data set in an accelerated manner, given it's a very small study and there was no real overall survival benefit seen. So I'm just curious why you seem very confident that that will be approved. And then the second one, more just if we could shift to the expense side for a minute: you mentioned some of the drivers on the gross margin change that's expected in 2017. Can you maybe just quantify that a little bit more since there are several moving parts there? Maybe you can give us a little bit of a bridge to – it sounds like the improved growth of Eliquis, a little bit of growth with Opdivo, but then the decline in virology. If you could, just give us a sense of the impact of each of those. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Vamil. So this is Giovanni. Let me just say we have assumed based on the fact that the data was filed and accepted by the FDA and approval in May, as Murdo and Francis and Charlie mentioned, that is based in our assumptions. And as we've said before, should that not be the case, obviously we would see more favorable trends for our business in 2017. But I can only confirm that's the assumption we've made.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Vamil, just on the gross margin, I think we've been relatively clear on this on how we think about the product mix, which is the primary driver, particularly in 2017 as we think about gross margin. Clearly, there are other elements like manufacturing variances and FX, but I will really just focus on product mix, which is the primary driver. Eliquis, because of our partnership agreement with Pfizer, we record that profit share in cost of goods, and that has a margin below 50%. So as the growth of Eliquis goes up, that has a significant drag. So Eliquis, as you know is doing particularly well. As it relates to the virology business, both hep C and HIV, which is under a lot of competitive pressure, those are what I would characterize as very high-margin products. And so with the declining business there, that has again an impact on how we see our gross margin. And then Opdivo growth, which has a relatively good margin, helps offset some of that but not all of that.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Great, thanks. Christine, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Steve Scala from Cowen. Your line is open.
Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you so much. I have three short questions. First, ClinicalTrials.gov still states that the primary completion of CheckMate-227 is January of 2018. Is that still the likely date, even post-adjustments to the study? So that's the first question. The second question is why didn't FX lower GAAP EPS guidance for 2017 as well? And then lastly, I think it was in 2013, but Bristol lowered its tax rate presumably due to moving IP overseas. Should U.S. tax law changes indeed pass, what are the implications for your tax rate given the OUS IP? My recollection is that the benefit was 4 to 6 percentage points several years ago. So is that what's at risk? Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good morning, Steve. So we have said in the past that the CheckMate-227 study expresser part of it would be completed in the beginning of 2018. Obviously, with the addition of additional arms, there will in time be changes to ClinicalTrials.gov to reflect that.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Steve, just on FX, FX had an impact on our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance equally, as did the KEYNOTE-021 assumption that Giovanni just spoke about. It was really, as I mentioned earlier, the assumptions around the upfront payment related to the Merck settlement on PD-1 that evolved between when we originally gave our GAAP guidance and the GAAP guidance you see today. So I think that should be clear. In regard to the tax rate and our IP and domiciling some of our international IP overseas, that has helped our tax rate. I will admit to that. As it relates to how that plays in tax reform, it's way too early for me to comment on how that could play out and how much color I can provide at this point because there are a lot of different elements that will play into that, not just IP, but the legal entity structure, supply chain transfer pricing, and where the actual tax rate ends up. So until we see more clarity on that, it's a little bit premature for me to comment.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Steve, let me just clarify because, obviously, CheckMate-227 is a large program with multiple studies embedded in it. Your question I believe was specifically related to the expressers. There we don't see meaningful changes with respect to Q1. There are areas of CheckMate-227 where we've made a number of changes that add a new study, as you know, and those timelines are different. But if your question was related to the expressers and the Q1, we do not see meaningful changes there.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, and, Christine, can we go to the last question, please?
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Thanks to John and Charlie and your teams for all the support of my team while I was out, maybe one for Charlie. I know maybe a year ago roughly you had said something to the effect that around the end of the decade you thought you could achieve operating margins in the ZIP Code of companies like Biogen, maybe not quite that high. Could you just reiterate or revise that statement as you see fit? And then for Francis, at least my interactions with you, Francis, and just correct me if I'm wrong on this, is that you've used the word confident in the past quite a bit about the Yervoy/Opdivo combinations in IL-1. And on this call unless I misheard, I've heard the word committed, and I'm just wondering. Are you still confident? It's a little nitpicky, but it might be interesting to some of us out here. Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Mark, before Charlie and Francis answer, welcome back.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yes, welcome back, Mark. I did watch your most recent video. What we've said about operating expenses is that based on the transformation, which was not just about cost, it was about efficiency, effectiveness, and focus. But as it relates specifically to cost, it was really to keep our operating expenses in total roughly flat to 2016 levels. So I think that's where we're at as far as we think about operating expenses. And then the margin component of that, or the operating margin component of that, will be related to how sales then flow out through the rest of this decade.
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: So, Mark, just let me be and welcome back. Let me just say that we are across the Opdivo/Yervoy program, which I spoke earlier, I hope you heard it. We are confident of the role for Opdivo and Yervoy in a number of different tumors. So I think rather than parse for you, I think it's just important to reiterate that we've got more than a dozen registration studies, late indications but also early indications. And as Giovanni said, we'll be seeing readouts of that in renal cell probably midyear. So we remain committed and confident to the broad Opdivo/Yervoy program. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Francis, and thanks, everyone. I do again acknowledge the technical challenges here. I hope that we were able to answer many of your questions. And obviously, John and his team will be, as always, available. So let me just close by saying we are very focused on executing in the three areas we discussed today. The first one is continuing to drive strong commercial performance for our business. We've discussed many of the dynamics in our business during this call. The second one is to continue to advance a very promising and broad set of late-stage potentially registrational programs. We gave you our perspective on the breadth and depth of the program in lung cancer but also everything else that we expect to happen in the next 12 to 24 months. And obviously, one important part is advancing an extraordinary and promising early pipeline across four areas. And we will be working through these priorities during the course of 2017. As I said in my remarks, I remain confident in our significant long-term opportunity in immuno-oncology, and we will be looking forward to continuing to have dialogue with all of you as our programs continue to progress. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Fouad Namouni - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
Analysts: Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Marc Goodman - UBS Securities LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Colin N. Bristow - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Tony Butler - Guggenheim Partners
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2016 third quarter earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. John Elicker, you may begin your conference.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining the call to discuss our Q3 results and additional announcements that you've seen reflected in our press release. Joining me this morning are Giovanni Caforio, our Chief Executive Officer, and Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Both Giovanni and Charlie will have prepared remarks. In addition, joining Giovanni and Charlie for the Q&A portion will be Murdo Gordon, who's our Chief Commercial Officer; Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer; and, given the likely discussion we'll have in the immuno-oncology space, we also have Fouad Namouni, our Head of Oncology Development. Before we get started, I'll take care of the Safe Harbor language. During the call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. We have a lot to talk about this morning. So I'll start by summarizing my views on the performance in the quarter and then turn to our guidance for 2016 and our thinking about 2017. I'll share some thoughts about our long-term strategy and then hand it over to Charlie to provide additional details about our performance and operations. So to begin we just finished another very good quarter. Our business fundamentals are strong as evidenced by our commercial performance. We delivered $4.9 billion in revenues, a full 21% increase over the last year, thanks to good business trends across our portfolio. We made important regulatory advances with Opdivo. We see the positive advisory opinion for the treatment of classical Hodgkin's lymphoma in Europe. Our application for advanced bladder cancer has been accepted for priority review in the U.S. and validated in Europe. And, in the next few weeks, we expect to get a decision on our application for Opdivo for head and neck cancer in the U.S. We had disappointing results from CheckMate -026. The results of these trials do not, however, change our strategy. We've applied learnings from the trial to our entire development program, and we are advancing a broad set of opportunities for Opdivo. We see an even more important role for combinations. Continue to be excited by the longer-term follow-up from study -012 and believe study -227 has the potential to bring real value to patients. More generally, we remain fully confident in our Opdivo development program, which is both broad and promising, with data expected from eight potentially registrational trials over the next 12 months. And, based on our current assumptions for 2017, we expect Opdivo sales to grow globally as well as in the U.S. The trends are good, and we feel optimistic about Opdivo in both the short and the long term. In light of our overall strong company performance, we are increasing our 2016 non-GAAP EPS guidance to between $2.80 and $2.90. Based on our current assumptions, we expect 2017 non-GAAP EPS to be between $2.85 and $3.05. Looking forward, I believe that we are very well-positioned for sustainable growth, which over the next three to five years will be driven primarily by Eliquis, Opdivo, and Yervoy. Beyond that, we expect our overall marketed products to continue to grow, and we are excited about our early-stage pipeline and the progress it is making. Our strategy continues to guide how we think about the future and our long-term growth, and we are always looking at how we can stay ahead of the curve. Over the past year, we have started work on an evolution of our operating model, in order to ensure we increasingly focus our resources on our highest priorities, both from an R&D perspective as well as commercially. So we continue to effectively deliver on the potential of our business. To be clear, this process was started early in 2016, and I discussed this with our employees in June. I am excited with the results of our work and confident we can be even more competitive while effectively managing our total expenses. Let me say a little more. As a company that has continually evolved, we are committed to operating in a way that puts resources against our most critical priorities. Over the next 18 months, we will evolve our operating model in four areas. We will prioritize resources to focus even more on a core set of key brands and a core set of key markets, positioned to drive growth over time. For example, there are about 20 markets which are critical for us, and we will continue to invest to be very competitive commercially. We will continue investing in R&D to ensure a sustainable pipeline of transformational medicines. We are improving our capabilities in R&D to ensure speed, adaptability, and flexibility. We will focus on accelerating development and delivering of our most promising assets. As an example, our R&D spend will increase in 2017 versus 2016. We have made significant progress optimizing our manufacturing network, and we've continued to evolve it in line with our portfolio. Biologics are now about 75% of our development portfolio, so we will continue to invest in our biologics capabilities, as evidenced by our recent investments in Devens and Cruiserath. At the same time, we will realign, streamline, and simplify our small-molecule supply network. We will have a more streamlined G&A, more strategically aligned to the focused way we will run our business. My expectation is that, with a more streamlined infrastructure, we will be a more focused and nimble company, better positioned to deliver in the short and long term, better equipped to deliver our transformational portfolio of medicines. And we now expect non-GAAP operating expenses to remain flat at 2016 levels through 2020. While transforming our company, we will continue to drive strong R&D execution and commercial performance. We know the importance of operating on two fronts, today and tomorrow. And that is exactly what we've been doing. And, finally, we remain committed to a balanced capital allocation strategy, with a commitment to the dividend and business development as a priority. Importantly, our board has unanimously approved an incremental $3 billion share repurchase authorization, and Charlie will comment on this in his remarks. But before handing the floor over to him, I just want to underscore how personally excited I am about all we are doing to build our future. And as we set our sights on the future, we see even greater possibilities for Bristol-Myers Squibb. So with that, I will turn the floor over to Charlie. Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Giovanni. Good morning, everyone. This was indeed an outstanding quarter operationally for the company. And that is particularly evident when you look at our commercial performance. We saw solid growth from our key products, leading to 21% sales growth and an almost doubling of EPS compared to Q3 last year. Overall, FX had a negative impact on EPS of about $0.02. As Giovanni mentioned, we saw strong commercial execution in the quarter. Let me provide some color. Opdivo demand remained strong. In the U.S., we recorded $712 million of sales, up 11% sequentially. Opdivo-based therapy has become established as standard of care in the U.S. across melanoma, renal cell, and second-line non-small-cell lung cancer. While our second-line lung business will be under some pressure, we believe we have opportunities for growth in renal, melanoma, and Hodgkin's, as well as future indications such as bladder and head and neck. In addition, over the next 12 to 18 months, we expect to see important read-outs for several tumor types that we believe will position the brand for further growth. Outside the U.S., we recorded $208 million for Opdivo during the quarter. This does not include approximately $150 million of gross sales for France and Germany in the quarter, which are being deferred. The amount we will actually recognize depends on the final price in each country, and we do expect to reach an agreement for both later this year. From an operational perspective, we continue to see strong adoption in markets where Opdivo has been launched. For example, we continue to see 70% to 80% of PD-1 share in France and Germany. We have also made good process this quarter securing reimbursement among key EU markets such as Denmark and Sweden. Looking beyond Opdivo, we are particularly encouraged to see Yervoy return to growth during the quarter, with sales of $285 million, up over last year and sequentially. The quarter saw stabilized sales trends outside the U.S. and an increase in U.S. sales, driven by higher demand for the regimen in metastatic disease and adoption of Yervoy in the adjuvant setting. All of this is in addition to a favorable inventory build of about $26 million. While the regimen continues to do well in the U.S., we're also seeing increased adoption of the regimen internationally. For example, during the quarter, roughly 40% of first-line melanoma patients in Germany were receiving the regimen. Let me now turn to Eliquis. We reported a strong quarter for Eliquis, with sales of $884 million, up 90% compared to the same period last year and up 14% compared with Q2. Not only does Eliquis continue to be the number one new-to-brand NOAC in the U.S. and other markets, but this quarter Eliquis has also emerged as the leader in NBRx in the U.S. for the broader oral anticoagulant market. With U.S. sales over $500 million this quarter, Eliquis has established a considerable lead in terms of new-to-brand share of AFib and VTE, with 51% share, compared with 42% for Xarelto. Outside the U.S., we also saw solid growth, with sales of $372 million, up 68% compared to last year. Eliquis is now the leading NOAC in new-to-brand scripts with cardiologists in six countries in the EU. Our hep C portfolio delivered solid performance, with sales of $379 million in the quarter. However, as we expected, the U.S. business has been under pressure following the launch of Epclusa in June. U.S. sales were $192 million, which is down $100 million from Q2. We expect an additional step down in demand in the U.S. in January, when new formularies will likely prioritize Epclusa. As we saw with the rapid decline in our Japanese business, we expect an impact on the rest of our international business once access is secure for Epclusa. Now, I'd like to highlight a couple of items from our non-GAAP P&L. Gross margin continues to be strongly influenced by mix. During the quarter, it was down 170 basis points compared to Q2. This is mainly due to strong sales of Eliquis and lower revenue from hep C. Given that we expect these trends in our product mix to persist, we would expect our gross margin to be impacted going forward. Other income and expense was up approximately $150 million versus prior year and continues to benefit from royalties we now receive on Erbitux. Based on our strong performance, we are adjusting upward our 2016 non-GAAP EPS guidance range. Our view on revenue is favorable given the trends we are seeing in the business. And, as I mentioned earlier, we view our gross margin to be slightly lower, primarily due to product mix, somewhat offset by FX. Today we've provided 2017 guidance, which takes into account the current strong business trends that we expect will support continued earnings growth through next year. As Giovanni mentioned, our view on 2017 assumes continued growth of Opdivo, both internationally and in the U.S. As is our normal practice, we will provide full line-item guidance in January. As we look to the future, we feel very confident about the company's opportunities for continued growth. We're not providing any guidance beyond 2017, but as Giovanni said, our strategy continues to guide how we think about our future. We see tremendous opportunities in our I-O pipeline and are advancing our specialty portfolio. We are committed to putting resources where we can deliver the greatest value. We are evolving the company's operating model and believe these changes will help drive the company's continued success in the near and long term. Giovanni mentioned that we expect non-GAAP OpEx to remain flat through 2020, but this is not across the board. Our focus is on prioritizing resources where we see the greatest opportunities. For example, we expect to increase our investment in R&D in 2017, but that requires us to prioritize and drive efficiencies in other areas. I'll finish up on capital allocation. We remain committed to a balanced approach to capital allocations and have significant financial flexibility given our strong balance sheet. Business development remains our top priority, and we have also demonstrated our commitment to the dividend, with seven consecutive years of increases. Our board has authorized a new $3 billion share repurchase, providing for additional flexibility to buy back our shares. We hope to begin executing the 10b5-1 plan as soon as this year and expect to repurchase $200 million to $300 million per quarter. We believe this approach gives us the appropriate flexibility moving forward. Now let me pass it back to John.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Okay, thanks, Giovanni and Charlie. Tiffany, I think we're ready to go to the Q&A. And, just to remind everybody, in addition to Giovanni and Charlie, Murdo, Francis and Fouad are here to answer any questions you might have. Tiffany?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Tim Anderson with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. At ESMO, you hinted at a possible early filing strategy with the combination. And I'm wondering if you can share any more details on what this could entail? I think a lot of investors believe this could happen by packaging -012 and -568 together. Would this be the most likely route to early approval? And then on -227, lots of consideration whether that design and that trial will change, and I'm wondering when you'll have more to say on that. And on cut-offs for the different arms, is it possible you could have a different cut-off for monotherapy arm versus the combination arm?
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good morning, Tim. Let me confirm that we did say at ESMO that we had identified a potential approach for an earlier submission. We continue to look at that, but of course it's dependent on data and the agreement of the regulatory authorities, but I'm not going to say more about that for competitive reasons at this point.
Fouad Namouni - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good morning Tim, this is Fouad. For -227, it's a large Phase 3 study, and as we said, you can think of it to be two large Phase 3 studies in one protocol. We are looking at the non-expressers and the expressers, and the study is continuing to recruit, probably for the next two or three weeks in the expressers. And the size of the study will certainly be larger than what was planned initially. We will be obviously looking at these patients in the expresser group before the non-expresser, given timing of the recruitment. This study gives us a lot of optionalities in terms of looking at different cut-offs, looking at different times in the study, and looking at different endpoints in terms of PFS and overall survival. So we do have – we believe we do have a very good optionality in terms of how we think about the steps of the study and how we think about the timing of the endpoints.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, Tim let me just comment. While we do have an approach for the potential approval combination next year, that's not included in how we think about our 2017 guidance.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Tim. Tiffany, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Schott with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much for the questions. The first one is just coming back to the 2017 guidance. What gives you confidence providing this EPS range when we've yet to see the rollout of Keytruda in first-line lung and what that could mean for Opdivo? And could you elaborate a little bit more on the assumptions that you're factoring into this preliminary guidance? I guess specifically what gives you confidence that Opdivo can grow in the U.S. next year? My second question is just coming back to -568. I believe several of your Opdivo indications have been either filed or approved based on single-arm Phase 2 studies – I think like Hodgkin's as an example. How do we think about, just maybe more broadly, indications that you would be able to file on Phase 2 data versus indications where you're going to need fully controlled studies? Is this the size of the indication? Is it the lack of a standard of care, existing therapies? Is it the strength of the data? I'm just trying to put in context what we need to think about to look at Phase 2 data versus the broader Phase 3 programs. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Chris, this is Giovanni. Let me start, and Murdo will give you some comments on assumptions regarding Opdivo for next year, and then maybe Francis can answer your third question on regulatory strategies. When we think about 2017, obviously we look at the totality of our business. There are very strong trends for our business, as you saw in Q3. We see Eliquis continuing to grow and continue to make inroads in terms of market shares in the U.S. and internationally. We see continued strong performance from our in-line business with Orencia and Sprycel, and we do see strong momentum globally with Opdivo, which includes clearly the three big areas we look at when we look at our business: the international launches that are progressing extremely well, an expansion of our business across multiple indications in the U.S., and then obviously the lung business, which as Charlie said, will be under some pressure. When we look at the totality of those dynamics, we feel fairly confident in the ability of Opdivo to continue to grow, and in the outlook for the total business.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, Chris, maybe just a little bit more detail. When we think about where we are currently in lung, we feel obviously very good about performance to date, with roughly 60% to 70% share overall in all-comers in second line lung. Now, clearly we're going to have competitive pressure with both the approval of pembro in first line and the reduction of that population of I-O-treated patients from the eligible second-line pool. That will be somewhat rate-limited by testing. We do anticipate that there will be an acceleration in the testing rate, but there's still a slope to that curve, and while Merck will rapidly penetrate that patient population, there will be a certain cadence to how that will occur because of the testing rates. Testing rates right now are about 50%, and we have seen a slight acceleration in that rate more recently. When we think about the second-line opportunity, we continue to feel very good about our profile on the basis of -017 and -057, but clearly second-line shares are going to be under pressure from the advent of Roche in the second-line setting. The one thing I'll just clarify is while Merck were able to secure a label update in second line at the greater than 1% cut-off, that information was included in NCCN Compendia for many, many months now. So that's not necessarily a new competitive event for us in second line. Overall, some of the things that we continue to feel good about in second line are just our competitiveness from a share of voice, as well as the breadth of indications across Opdivo. So while we expect some share pressure in second-line and lung, other sources of growth are other indications, namely the advancement of the regimen in melanoma and that upwards of 40% share first-line melanoma across both types of patients, BRAF positive and mutant. Renal cell carcinoma, our business continues to do well there. We're hopeful we'll have a head and neck indication soon. And then next year, hopefully also bladder in the U.S. As Giovanni mentioned, we're also very pleased with the expansion of our business outside the U.S., where the clear demand trends are very good post-reimbursement events. You can't see all that in our revenue. As Charlie mentioned, we're deferring sales in France and Germany in the quarter, but really our shares are upwards of 70% overall PD-1 dollar market outside of the U.S. So really we're feeling good about a very balanced growth portfolio in I-O. And last but not least – it was mentioned by Charlie – Yervoy has returned to growth in the U.S., and in both France and Germany, where we have the regimen reimbursed, we've seen very good evolution there, too.
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good morning, Chris. So let me reemphasize that we are working with regulatory authorities to find strategies to accelerate our regulatory submissions, whether it's optionality in Phase 3 studies or in the striking data in Phase 2 studies, depending on the circumstances. Just to talk for a moment about CheckMate -568, just remind you that it's a single-arm study looking at the combination of Yervoy and Opdivo in first-line lung. The primary endpoint here is response rate, and it gives us a lot of flexibility to look when and how often we look at the data, and I think we see it as complementary to the CheckMate -012 data. It's particularly useful to provide some information on current and future medical practice, particularly with an I-O/I-O combination. We believe it'll be helpful in characterizing the high response rates we saw in CheckMate -012. And, importantly, it's evaluating the same dose as we've got in CheckMate -227. And we may continue to use -568 to obtain additional data and answer additional questions going forward.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Francis.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Chris. Tiffany, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Gilbert with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. First for Giovanni. You talked about learnings from the study that failed. Can you be more specific on what learnings you have applied to the rest of your Opdivo development strategy? Of course without sharing any trade secrets. Would love to understand what that means. Longer term on your OpEx goal of flat in 2020 versus 2016, Charlie, can you talk about the theme there? Is it sort of continuously growing R&D offset by shrinking SG&A, and within that, have you already made decisions about geographies or therapeutic areas that you've decided to de-emphasize? I think it would be a pretty big feat to keep OpEx flat over that timeframe when you're viewed as sort of an optimized, pretty lean model already. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Gregg, let me just start by going back for a second about the operating model transformation, and then I'll ask Fouad to comment on learnings from study -026 briefly. As both Charlie and I mentioned, continuing to evolve the way we allocate resources in the company is really driven by the opportunities we see in the portfolio. As we've said in the past, when you look at the next three to five years, we have a great opportunity for growth, which is really driven by the performance of our immuno-oncology franchise with Opdivo and Yervoy and Eliquis as significant drivers of growth. So that opportunity is quite significant. It's really concentrated in terms of the therapeutic areas and also quite concentrated in the top 20 markets around the world. At the same time, we are advancing an early pipeline, which continues to make progress. In that pipeline as time advances, there are programs that are emerging as very high-potential programs. And we are ready to make the investment decisions needed in order to accelerate those programs as the data evolves. As I commented earlier also, we do see a continued opportunity to streamline our G&A, to streamline our infrastructure, to look at our manufacturing network all the time, driven by our portfolio. So I see that we continue to have significant opportunities to allocate resources strategically between now and 2020, and we're quite confident in our ability to do that.
Fouad Namouni - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: The learnings from CheckMate -026 – and I would add also other PD-1 data we have seen recently – and we believe that it is important that for a program to be successful at improving survival in first line non-small-cell lung cancer in this case, requires the following items. Response rates need, really, to be high. Response rates need to be fast and deep. More importantly, responses must be durable over time. And based on the nature – and of course I would add safety is extremely important for the profile of the program. Based on this and based on the nature of the data we have from Opdivo plus Yervoy and the long-term follow-up that we disclosed recently for the combination of these two agents and from CheckMate -012, we believe that CheckMate -227 has potential to fulfill this criteria. Specifically when you look at Yervoy, which is a Treg depleting agent, optimally spaced at every six weeks with Opdivo, this really becoming probably or potentially a solid backbone moving forward. We view this not only in lung cancer, but we view this combination of immunotherapy agents also working and active in a variety of cancer. I would finish by saying that each time we added a CTLA-4 blockade with Yervoy to PD-1 Opdivo, we have seen the activity increase and almost doubling in a variety of cancer – and importantly, with a long durability of the effect.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Gregg. Tiffany, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seamus Fernandez with Leerink. Your line is open.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC: Oh, thanks very much for the question. So a few here. Maybe first, can you guys discuss a little bit of how the imbalances seen in CheckMate -026 might have occurred? So as you kind of go back and review the trial conduct, have you identified how the imbalances discussed previously occurred, and then how you hope to and plan to avoid this in the CheckMate -227 study? The second question is more for Charlie. As of the end of this quarter, could you just update us on how much has actually been reserved for in France and Germany? I know you guys update that in the Q every quarter now. And just a follow-up to that is, should we assume that's booked this year based on your comments? And does the growth outlook for Opdivo assume that those sales booked are in the base as we think about growth year over year? Thanks.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: All right. So let me start with your question on the deferral. So in the quarter, between France and Germany, as I mentioned in my comments, Seamus, we deferred $150 million. Year-to-date it's $265 million. You can think back to Daklinza last year in France, where we also had a similar deferral issue, which we then ultimately booked. As we think about the growth year over year moving from 2016 into 2017, we do assume that the net revenue that we'll book for France and Germany will be in our 2016 results.
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good morning, Seamus. Essentially we believe that CheckMate -026 was unsuccessful as a result of the stratification at the 5% cut-off rather than the narrower patient selection at the higher cut-off of 50%. And in the event of this, this was compounded by unfavorable patient selection and imbalances, as you mentioned, particularly actually that exploratory 50% cut-off. Now, this is a view we – it's now supported by a number of lung and statistical experts we've consulted. And basically we agree with the opinion of Dr. Socinski, who's you'll recall the presenter of the CheckMate -026, that had the Keynote -024 design been used with Opdivo rather than Keytruda, the result would likely have been similar. So as we shift our focus towards CheckMate -227, we're confident that not only the profile of Opdivo-Yervoy regimen, but the lessons we've learned from -026 – and I'll ask Fouad to give you some of those very specifics – when applied to -227 will actually allow for a much better chance of success.
Fouad Namouni - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank you, Francis. Good morning, Seamus. Two things to see and understand in -227 varying from -026. So first and foremost, going in in -227 with the combination data is different level of activity that we have seen with monotherapy in -026. It's higher response rate, it's much longer PFS with a solid follow-up at this time and an improved safety profile from what we knew in the regimen before. Actually, we allowed the study in the expresser to continue to recruit, and I said earlier, it's nearing probably two to three weeks' time before finishing the recruitment with a larger number of patients than initially planned, and we would expect in the three arms that the size will be nearly doubling what we have seen in CheckMate -026. So this in itself is important to correct for the imbalances, the way we look at it. And I would add obviously one more thing that is different in -227 is we did not build in a crossover like we did in CheckMate -026. And as practical matter, it means the patients that have been randomized to chemotherapy can receive the appropriate standard of care, including PD-1 monotherapy, in second line as and where it is commercially available. However, it's important to note that patients will not receive the regimen of Opdivo-Yervoy when their tumor progress.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Seamus. Could we go to the next question, Tiffany?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Just a couple follow-up questions on the same topics. What has been the feedback you've gotten from physicians on the fact that Opdivo is infused every two weeks versus Keytruda and now Tecentriq every three weeks? I would think that the longer infusion requirements would be an advantage, particularly in Europe, where they have limited budgets. And I'm just curious to know what your thoughts on that is and how that's going to play out. Also just going back to Seamus' question. I think one of the other issues, too, with CheckMate -026 and Keynote -024 is that both trials were recruiting around the same time, and there was a lot of overlap in clinical trial sites. You guys ended up with the B patients; they got the A patients. Is that a risk with MYSTIC and CheckMate -227? I mean, obviously AstraZeneca's running their own I-O/I-O trial. And what are you doing just to avoid that? I mean, you sort of answered it, but do you have any control over the recruitment of imbalances in patients? Because I think, again, that was something that kind of came as a surprise. Thanks.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Jami, it's Murdo. I'll answer the first question and then pass it over. Feedback from customers has been very positive, actually, on our dosing schedule. There are some customers, to your point, where infusion capacity is constrained, and we've actually seen that improve over time since the launch. So, for example, in the early launch phase in Germany, infusion capacity was somewhat constrained, but it has grown since. So the three week versus two week tends to be an issue that gets considered later in the treatment consideration. So the first consideration's obviously efficacy, where the profile of Opdivo is very strong across all histologies and across all types of PDL-1 expression. And then the other thing that's really influencing treatment decision-making is the breadth of indications that we are now developing for Opdivo. And then I would say the dosing cadence comes into consideration. I'd also stress that in the community setting in the United States in particular, the dosing interval of two week versus three week tends not to be an issue.
Fouad Namouni - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And hi, Jami, this is Fouad. Let me answer the second question around competing trial clinical sites, the same clinical sites, and what are the implications for our combination of Opdivo and Yervoy. Actually, sometimes we do have competing trials, and probably you have seen this when we did the monotherapy experiments. What we are seeing in CheckMate -227, is slight difference with -026, is a large number of clinical sites are outside of the United States. We are not concerned about competing trial given the population of patients we are recruiting and given the size. We think the recruitment is going well with -227. The profile of the program in terms of safety and experience of the investigator has been good, so we feel confident that -227 is at the right site of investigation, and the investigator are doing pretty good job there.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thank, Jami. Can we go to the next question, Tiffany?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Scala from Cowen. Your line is open.
Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. A couple questions. First for Murdo. How often do you expect PDL-1 testing to be repeated in the second line after being done in the first line, as opposed to testing only in the first line and then using that information as a guide to the second line? If another test is thought necessary but not elected, then that would be of course good for Opdivo's second-line share. If it weren't thought necessary, then Merck's position might be strengthened. So would like your thoughts there. And then the second question is, consensus earnings in 2020 are $4.46. To what extent do you believe it already reflects the impact of the operating expense guidance provided today? Not the guidance itself, but the impact of that guidance. So would like your thoughts there. Thank you very much.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Steve, thanks for the question. Maybe just a little bit of background on what we're seeing happening right now. Most patients are being tested in the first-line setting when tissue is available. I think it would be unlikely that they would be rebiopsied and retested in the second line, just primarily because of the trauma to the patient of actually obtaining tissue. And I think, in general, people believe PDL-1 status to be relevant even in old assays that are done. Albeit the newer studies have been done with fresh biopsies, as you saw in the Merck -024 study. We think second-line retesting will be a small percentage of patients. I will say, though, we have been focusing on the second-line-tested patients and making sure that oncologists understand the strength of our data in high-expressing second-line patients from -017 and -057, and we have seen significant increases in our share of that population in second line. We currently get about 50% of those patients and pembro getting the other 50%. So I think we're very competitive, even in a tested second-line patient population.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And Steve, this is Giovanni. With respect to your second question, we're not providing long-term guidance. As I mentioned before, we feel comfortable with our ability to evolve our operating model and manage expenses within the context I described. And in that context of flat OpEx, we are comfortable that we're going to continue to be very competitive in driving R&D execution and commercial execution at the same time.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Steve. Tiffany, next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Baum with Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Thank you. Couple of questions, please. Regarding the -027 guidance, should I be thinking it's based on the assumption that the negative impact in the first line from Keytruda isn't going to be seen next year, given the time taken for these patients to progress and therefore it's coming in 2018? And then, second, on CheckMate -026, Francis or Fouad, if you have to hand whether there was any notable differences in the investigator-determined PFS versus the independent-review PFS, particularly for the chemo arm? I'm just curious about the very heavy censoring that you saw in that trial. And then, sorry, one further question. The forest plot shows a difference between squams and non-squams. We never saw the Kaplan-Meier curves. Is that data of potential interest given what you saw in the second-line setting? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Andrew, thank you. Let me just start by answer your question about 2017 and 2018. And let me maybe step back and answer your question by saying we definitely see the lung market to be extremely dynamic. We have included the impact we think will happen in 2017 based on the penetration of Keytruda in the first-line setting in the segment you know and how that impacts, as Murdo says, the size of the second-line opportunity because of patients going through. And also, the competitive nature of second-line lung, in which, as Murdo said, we continue to be very well-positioned. I personally think about the lung market particularly when it comes to first line as a very dynamic market, where obviously in 2017 there will be the use of Keytruda monotherapy in high expressers. But ultimately, beginning in 2018 and clearly going forward, I believe it is clear that this will be a combination market, and so you'll see rapidly evolving market dynamics in first-line lung, and over time those impacting second line as well. But those impacts are reflected in our 2017 guidance.
Fouad Namouni - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And for the PFS question, Andrew, the PFS was consistent between the investigators and the independent review committee, to answer the question around censoring. For the question around the squamous versus non-squamous, yes, we have reported a better risk reduction on progression and survival in the squamous versus non-squamous as presented at ESMO. This is probably telling us that in the squamous biology of a very inflamed tumor that that's the type of tumor that responds to a PD-1 agent. In the non-squamous, there are tumors that are inflamed, and there are some groups that really see probably some level of inflammation like the squamous. And this could be detected by enriching in the PD-L1 biomarker to have as a marker the inflammation in the non-squamous. In -026 really were broad. We stratified with a 5% cut-off; we may have less inflamed tumor in the adenocarcinoma group. And probably a much better enrichment for inflammation would have showed better results for the adenocarcinoma group of patients. So these are interesting data. The full data will be available at the time we publish it, so you'll have the opportunity to look at it.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Andrew. Next question, Tiffany, please?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Marc Goodman with UBS. Your line is open.
Marc Goodman - UBS Securities LLC: Morning. Obviously there's been a major change in the stock price, and I was curious, are investors missing something? What's not appreciated with respect to how you view things versus how other people are viewing things? Second, can you give us a breakdown of Opdivo revenues by indication like you usually do? And, third, what can we expect at the upcoming meetings for the rest of the year – ASH, lung? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Marc, this is Giovanni. Let me just go back and reiterate what I said earlier. From our perspective, our fundamentals in the business are very strong. We do have good trends across our business that will continue into next year. Obviously, we believed it was important to really understand the impact that the first-line lung dynamics next year would have on our business. We have reflected that in our 2017 guidance, and I feel very optimistic about long-term growth prospects for the company.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah. And just related to your question, Marc, on the mix of our business by indication, I would think of it in these three buckets: about a third, roughly, I would say between 30% and 40% of our business currently is in lung in the U.S.; then about 20% to 30% of our business is other indications in the U.S.; and then 25% to 35% of our business is ex U.S.
Francis M. Cuss - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Good morning, Marc. So we have a number of presentations regarding our new I-O agents at the upcoming SITC meeting. These will include safety and efficacy for lirilumab, the anti-LAG-3 for urelumab as well in these early studies, both alone and in combination with Opdivo, and both in solid and hematological tumors. Just to remind you, we do have a PDUFA date coming up for head and neck on November 11. We've had validation of our European submission based on overall survival. We will get – approval is expected before the end of the year in Europe for classical Hodgkin's lymphoma, and obviously in the first quarter next year, we have a PDUFA date for bladder in the United States as well. So there's a lot going to be happening in the next few months.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Marc. Next question, please, Tiffany.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to get some perspective on the second line. When you look at the potential for sequential I-O use, so Keytruda followed by Opdivo, for example, mechanistically it doesn't make any sense, but I wanted to ask whether it would be worth it to explore that in a larger study. And two, do you think payers could try to limit sequential use? And then just as a follow-up on your OpEx guidance long term. Would you guys characterize this as a change in the R&D organization, having a more disciplined approach? For example, has the hurdle rate going into more expensive Phase 3 changed?
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Geoff, let me start from the investment perspective in your second question. We see – first of all, our evolution of the operating model is very consistent in a way with what we've been discussing with all of you over the last few months in terms of allocating resources strategically, accelerating the pipeline, and generating the right leverage as we grow as a company. We've quantified how we can do that more and better today. And my perspective is that from an R&D point of view, it really is about having the resources necessary in order to invest in the highest potential programs. So I would not characterize that as having raised the hurdle. I would characterize that as having the ability to allocate the right resources to R&D in order to accelerate promising programs. And, as Charlie mentioned, as an example next year, we are increasing R&D spend because we see very strong momentum in the early pipeline and clearly with Opdivo and Yervoy. Clearly, on the same side at the same level commercially, we built very competitive commercial organizations in the key markets, and that we continue to be really committed to. It's really about disproportionate resource allocation to the highest-priority areas. And there will be parts of the company in fact that grow or experience very little change, while we will be making decisions to reduce our focus in parts of the company like, for example, some of the G&A functions where we think we can become a leaner organization, actually accelerating the ability to execute at the same time.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: And, Geoff, just on your other question about sequencing the treatment of lung cancer patients, what we've seen in the market to date has been really very predictable in terms of what the oncologists and payers are doing, is they're responding to data events that trigger NCCN guidelines and compendia updates and also are respectful of the labeled indications of the products. So I would say in our forecast, we have not assumed any retreatment of pembrolizumab first-line exposed patients in our second-line opportunity. We have taken them out of our second-line pool of eligible patients. And I would say it's very likely, given the clarity of the NCCN Compendium and the clarity of the pembrolizumab indications, that the pre-treated or first-line treated patient population will be very close to the label, greater than 50% expression, and so that limits the pool of previously I-O treated patients that get excluded from second line, at least quite a large pool of second-line patients that are still eligible for Opdivo treatment in the second line.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Geoff. Tiffany, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Bristow with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Colin N. Bristow - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking the questions. Just as a follow-up on -227, can you give any color on increased enrollment? Sorry if I missed this, but are you increasing enrollment across all PDL-1 positives or just at the highest strata? And just also, how will this impact the timing of the ultimate readouts and/or early analyses? On your guidance, it looks like from your prepared remarks and the cadence of share buybacks, you're anticipating around an $0.08 to $0.09 tailwind on EPS in 2017. Am I thinking about this math correct? And then just lastly on Eliquis. Were there any significant wholesaler inventory changes in the quarter? Thanks.
Fouad Namouni - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Okay, thank you. This is Fouad. Let me start by answering the question on -227 first. So the recruitment was not stopped as initially thought of in scheduling, and the reason is really to increase the size on the expresser part of the Phase 3. And, as you probably know, the non-expresser part of the Phase 3 started a little bit later and is still recruiting. However, I think we believe we reached a level of confidence in terms of the overall number of patients we will have within the next two to three weeks, and probably the recruitment for the expressers will end by then. There is no real impact to the timeline, and I think we still have optionality on the timing of the analysis and the different looks and cut-offs on -227.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, I'll comment on your share buyback. As I mentioned in my comments, we expect to have a 10b5-1 program, which means we will be buying shares over time, which means that they all don't get retired at once. So I don't expect that kind of tailwind as you described it. I think it will be less than that.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah, and just on the question on Eliquis. We're really pleased with the prescription share evolution of Eliquis. As Charlie mentioned, we've seen some really nice evolution in the Eliquis market share. And in our cardiology market share, we see an even wider gap with new-to-brand patients versus Xarelto. So that continued growth feels really good. In the quarter, we had sales increase about 15% or $68 million, and roughly $59 million of that was due to demand.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Thanks, Colin. Can we go to the next question, Tiffany, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Boris with SunTrust. Your line is open.
John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks for taking the questions, and congratulations on the results. Just want to clarify on CheckMate -568. I guess back at ASCO in 2016, you indicated that that was a medical informing or medical affairs study, -568 was, and that -227 was the registrational trial. Since that time, it sounds like you've doubled the size of that clinical trial. Did you have discussions with the FDA where that now is a registrational trial, or is it still a medical informing study? And what's the pathway at least for that study and timing for that study relative to -227? Second question for Giovanni. With you keeping OpEx flat, you have a core set of assets – I'm not sure if they're still core or not – in HIV/HCV. What are your thoughts around that area in terms of pipeline, optionality, divestiture? How are you thinking about those assets at least going forward? And then I'm not sure if you indicated at all on your sales to date, which are about $2 billion in the U.S., what percent of those revenue in lung cancer are between second-line and some first-line use that might have continued within the quarter? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah. John, maybe let me start with your question regarding virology, HCV and HIV. We have communicated in the past that we no longer have ongoing discovery efforts in that area. So that's really not a new announcement. And we are continuing to be focused on the core areas that we've described in the past. Clearly, the focus for us beyond immuno-oncology is in heart failure. We have really interesting programs in fibrosis, immuno-science very broadly, some activity in the genetically defined disease areas with a couple of interesting programs. And that's really where we're focused.
Fouad Namouni - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: For the -568 question, as Francis mentioned earlier, this is a single-arm trial looking at Yervoy plus Opdivo in first-line non-small-cell lung cancer, primarily at the response rate, and which provide us with a lot of flexibility on when we look at the data and how often because it's an open-label, single-arm study. The increase in enrollment will provide us with more data for the spectrum of PDL-1 expression. In particular in the non-expressers and in the highly expressing patients. We view CheckMate -568 as being really complementary to CheckMate -012, and single-arm studies can help inform the current and future medical practice, as you mentioned and Francis mentioned earlier. We believe it will be helpful in reproducing the -012 data, and we will continue to use -568 to ask additional question and have additional answers to the first-line non-small-cell lung cancer subgroups.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Yeah. And just lastly, the question regarding first-line lung versus second line. To date, we have seen some limited off-label use of Opdivo in first-line lung, although it's very small compared to the total second-line business. And going forward, we've assumed very little first-line, off-label use in monotherapy. So any evolution in that would be an opportunity to our 2017 scenario, as was previously described. What we're really thinking about that will drive growth is our growth across the rest of the tumors in the U.S. and the growth in our business outside of the U.S.
John E. Elicker - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Tiffany, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Tony Butler with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Partners: Yes. Thank you. Two brief questions, if I may. Fouad, when you discuss durable response or durability, it seems to be a little bit subjective. And I'm curious if you would just spend one minute to define clinically how you and the rest of the community really look at what may be a durable response. And second, Charlie, just one housekeeping. When you think of the -265, ex U.S., Germany, and France, and you have to reverse that contra to revenue, do you have to do it in the same quarter as you get approval in those countries? Or do you have the flexibility to amortize that revenue accordingly? Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Let me start, Tony, because that's an easy one. The revenue recognition rules are that you have to recognize it once you do have the pricing agreement.
Fouad Namouni - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Okay. For the durability of the response, Tony, I think – let me put this into context. We have been seeing a lot of therapies, whether TKIs or chemotherapy shrinking tumors, shrinking cancer, and fortunately for certain period of time and then the tumor grows again because of that short durability. Our experience with immunotherapy, in particular with combination immunotherapy agents like Opdivo and Yervoy, when patients respond, they respond for a very long period of time. And when I say very long period of time, if you look at our data, overall when we do not even reach median of duration of response. And why we look at that and why that's important because that's really a good surrogate for improvement of survival, and improvement of survival is an important endpoint to look at it for lung cancer because that's what basically we'd be looking at the end. So the more we see patients continuing to respond to our combination of immunotherapy, the more we think there's a potential to really show long-term survival in a variety of cancer types.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.: Fouad, thank you. Thanks, everyone. Again in closing the call, let me say we've communicated the results of important quarter. Our business trends are quite strong across the board. We've made a number of important announcements today. All of this speaks to two things: our focus on execution for the rest of 2016 into 2017, and our confidence in the growth prospects for the company. Thanks everyone, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP Murdo Gordon - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC Chris Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jeffrey Holford - Jefferies LLC Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore Group LLC Marc Goodman - UBS Securities LLC Colin N. Bristow - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jamie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2016 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. John Elicker, you may begin your conference.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us to discuss our second quarter results. With me this morning are Giovanni Caforio, our CEO; Charlie Bancroft, our CFO. Both Giovanni and Charlie will have prepared remarks. And then joining us for Q&A as well are Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer and Murdo Gordon, our Chief Commercial Officer. And before we get started, I'll cover the Safe Harbor language. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in our SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. We just finished another very good quarter. Sales across key markets and key brands were strong. We had important clinical and regulatory advances in our immuno-oncology portfolio and an exciting ASCO. We've entered the period of growth I discussed before, with 17% sales growth in the second quarter compared to last year. In fact, sales growth was 24%, excluding the impact from Abilify and Erbitux. On a non-GAAP basis our EPS of $0.69 represents a growth of 30% versus last year. I will share a few of our highlights. And Charlie will then provide more details. Starting with Eliquis. Global sales grew 78% from a year ago, as we continued to make progress towards our goal of becoming the number one novel anticoagulant. In the U.S. the second quarter continued the trend of strong Eliquis performance. For both AFib and VTE, Eliquis is the number one novel anticoagulant in total prescriptions among cardiologists and new to brand prescriptions across all physicians. Outside the U.S. Eliquis is the number one novel anticoagulant in new to brand prescriptions in Japan and the number one NOAC in cardiology across a growing number of markets. We continue to see strong demand trends from key markets across the globe. At the upcoming ESC Congress in August, we will be presenting additional real world data, supporting the efficacy and safety of Eliquis versus other NOACs. Regarding immuno-oncology, we've made great progress in transforming cancer care, with more than 80 global approvals around the world, including nine approved indications in the U.S. in less than 2 years. I am very proud of our accomplishments, including our ability to establish Opdivo as the leading immuno-oncology agent, one that is foundational and a standard of care within its approved indications. We continue to see strong execution from our R&D and commercial organizations. During the quarter we saw strong sales performance for both Opdivo and Yervoy, with Opdivo growing 19% worldwide quarter over quarter. In the U.S. Opdivo sales were led by lung and renal cell carcinoma. Additionally, Yervoy grew 32% versus last year, as the Opdivo plus Yervoy regimen became the single most prescribed therapy in first line metastatic melanoma in the U.S. In Germany we have seen strong uptake in first line melanoma and second line non-small cell lung cancer. In France we have approximately 80% of the PD-1 market. We are not yet recording revenues there, as formal reimbursement has not been obtained. And we are operating under an ATU. In Japan Opdivo became the largest oncology brand in June. With respect to R&D, Opdivo is now approved in 54 markets worldwide. And we made some excellent progress in the second quarter. In the EU Opdivo was approved for use in combination with Yervoy for the treatment of advanced melanoma and received expanded approvals for use in pre-treated renal patients, as well as broad use in pre-treated non-squamous lung patients. The FDA granted a sixth breakthrough therapy designation to Opdivo for the potential use in previously treated patients with unresectable bladder cancer. And just last week both the FDA and the European Medicines Agency validated applications for the use of Opdivo in the treatment of head and neck cancer. ASCO was a very important meeting for us. We presented broad data across 13 types of cancer, reinforcing our commitment to addressing significant unmet needs in a wide range of tumors. In first line non-small cell lung cancer, we presented unprecedented data from CheckMate -012, which strengthened our confidence that the I-O/I-O combination of Opdivo plus Yervoy may improve upon long-term survival expectations for patients who express PD-L1. In other tumors, such as small cell lung cancer and MSI high metastatic colorectal cancer, we presented encouraging data, which has the potential to broaden the benefit of Opdivo plus Yervoy. And we presented encouraging new data in bladder and more mature data in hepatocellular carcinoma, which speaks to the depth and breadth of our clinical program, as we establish the promise of I-O in additional tumor types. I am confident we are making all of the right investment, from both an R&D and a commercial perspective, to continue to execute our strategy in immuno-oncology and further strengthen our leadership position. Now before turning the floor over to Charlie, I want to highlight some news we shared earlier this week. Many of you know Fouad Namouni, as he has played a critical role in our immuno-oncology strategy so far. Fouad has been appointed to head of oncology development, reporting directly to Francis. In his new role Fouad will focus on our comprehensive portfolio strategy for oncology and on driving product development plans from the early development stage to commercialization. We also announced that after more than 17 years Michael Giordano will be retiring from Bristol-Myers Squibb. I want to personally thank Michael for his many contributions since joining the company. Michael and his teams have led the development and approval of more than a dozen medicines, marking a successful drug development career. Now looking ahead, I am very confident and optimistic about our future here at Bristol-Myers Squibb. Our increased EPS guidance reflects the strength of our overall business. We have a significant opportunity for growth, driven primarily by Opdivo and Eliquis between now and 2020 and an exciting early portfolio of medicines with the potential to drive growth well beyond 2020. Now I'll turn the floor over to Charlie for additional comments. Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Giovanni. Good morning, everyone. We had a very good quarter, driven by strong demand from our key products, leading to 17% sales growth and 30% non-GAAP EPS growth over last year. Overall, FX had a negative impact on EPS of about $0.02. Let me start with a few additional comments on our sales performance. As Giovanni mentioned, Eliquis continues to do very well, with Q2 sales of $777 million. We continue to see strong TRx growth trends quarter on quarter, some of which was offset by the workdown in the quarter from the Q1 inventory build in the channel, as well as a higher Q2 Medicare liability. Opdivo has become a foundational immuno-oncology agent. And that is reflected in its continued strong performance. Physician adoption of Opdivo remains strong in markets where we have launched and have reimbursement, with PD-1 shares of approximately 80% in the U.S. and in key international markets. With approvals now in 54 markets, international sales for Opdivo grew to $197 million in the quarter. Sales in the U.S. grew 8% sequentially over first quarter, driven by strong demand growth, which was partially offset by wholesaler inventory movement of approximately $45 million. Yervoy sales were down 19% versus last year, driven mainly by pressure internationally from the launch of PD-1 agents. In the U.S. Yervoy was up 32% compared to last year, driven by regimen use. We expect pressure to continue internationally, until we secure reimbursement over the next year, following our approval of the regimen in Europe for metastatic melanoma. Daklinza had another good quarter, with sales driven mainly by strong demand in the U.S. and Europe in the genotype 3 patient population. We expect that competition from recently approved therapies will significantly impact the U.S. business in the second half of this year. In Europe we also expect significant impact once access is secured. Empliciti sales in the U.S. were $33 million, as we continue to focus on gaining new trialists and driving demand in a very competitive relapsed refractory market. Now I'll move to our non-GAAP P&L. Gross margin was 75.3% during the quarter, down 100 basis points compared to the same period last year. This is primarily due to product mix, including the strong performance of Eliquis and the U.S. Abilify contract expiration. MS&A was up 9% versus last year, driven by our investments behind new brands, including Opdivo, Eliquis, and Empliciti. This was partially offset by lower spend on established products. R&D expenses were $1.1 billion in the second quarter. The increase in spending was primarily due to grants, Opdivo study supplies, and other immuno-oncology investments. Other income was approximately $90 million, up versus prior year, which benefited from royalties we now receive on Erbitux, R&D expense reimbursement from our deal with ViiV, and higher diabetes royalties. This was partially offset by the writedown of our uniQure equity investment of $45 million. As I mentioned last quarter, diabetes royalties are higher in the first half of the year, due to the tiering structure of our agreement with AZ. We therefore expect overall OI&E to be slightly lower in the second half of the year. Business development remains a key priority and a strategic source of innovation for our company. During the quarter we announced the acquisition of Cormorant Pharmaceuticals and their novel antibody program targeting IL8, as well as four clinical collaborations that support our combination strategy for immuno-oncology. Switching to guidance. We are adjusting our non-GAAP EPS guidance range to $2.55 to $2.65. This range assumes current foreign exchange rates. With the dollar weakening against the yen, we now expect the impact of foreign exchange on EPS to be $0.05 to $0.07. I know our MS&A expense was higher than many of you expected during the quarter. This was primarily due to the timing of investments behind Opdivo. And we still expect MS&A to decrease in the low single digit range. We now expect R&D spend to increase in the mid-teens range, driven by investments in Opdivo and other immuno-oncology programs. This also accounts for the increased spending related to business development transactions completed this year. The effective tax rate is now expected to be 22%. As Giovanni mentioned, we are very pleased with the strong performance across the entirety of our company. And now look forward to your questions.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Giovanni and thanks, Charlie. Jamie, I think we're ready to go to the Q&A now. And just to remind everybody, in addition to Giovanni and Charlie, Francis and Murdo are here as well to answer any questions you might have. Jamie?
Operator: Your first question comes from Andrew Baum with Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Hi. Thank you for the questions. Three, please. First one to Francis. Given the CMM – CMII (sic) [CMMI] initiative for Medicare Part B, we're hearing there's some potential the program could be made voluntary. I'd be interested to know what you're hearing, given how it impacts reimbursements and potential use. Second, CTLA-4 seems to be associated with more late response and pseudo progression than perhaps you see with PD-1. Thinking about your CheckMate -227 trial, how do we think about that within the context of PFS as a primary end point? Obviously the Merck data is supportive in this indication. But here we have the potential increased risk of pseudo progression. Again, just focusing on PFS. And then finally, there was some provocative data from one of your competitors in third line metastatic colorectal cancer, non-MSI patients, combining a MEK and a PD-L1 agent. I think you're the only major PDx sponsor that doesn't have a MEK inhibitor in your portfolio. I understand there's lots of opportunities. But is this an area of interest? And are you pursuing such a combination with a MEK?
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Andrew, this is Giovanni. Thank you for your questions. Before Francis addresses some of your I-O question, let me maybe just take the CMMI question. As you know there has been a draft proposal made, published by CMS. There have been a very large number of concerns raised and questions and comments made that are being reviewed. And while we don't have an exact timeline with respect to the publication of a potential final rule, obviously that is what we are waiting for. I would say that what many stakeholders really have been concerned about is the possibility that changes that are suddenly introduced in the reimbursement mechanism for part B products may have an impact in where patients are treated and may lead to a reduced capacity to treat patients in the community, which obviously would not be good for patients and would create significant burden for hospitals. And so that is one of the elements we will be looking for, because obviously it's critically important for patients. With respect to the rule becoming voluntary, that we will have to see. Clearly this is a time in which there are multiple other pilots in the market. And therefore, a voluntary rule may enable physicians to participate in one pilot and not have a very complex set of schemes they have to operate under at the same time. So I would leave it at that.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Andrew. As you correctly note, pseudo progression was an issue in the early days of I-O with Yervoy. But because we've generated a lot of data now with Yervoy monotherapy – and of course with the combination. Of course we have the benefit too of looking at that data before we designed our -227 study. And I can assure you we've taken it into account as we've set up the designer study. So we don't believe there will be an impact on the way we've done our study here. Talking about CRC, we're focused on diversifying across a very broad range of differentiating mechanisms of action and evaluating different combinations with I-O. Based on those where we have a biological rationale, in particular tumors, and particularly where we're not seeing sufficient activity with Opdivo monotherapy or Opdivo/Yervoy regimen – and that would include colorectal cancer. Now as you said Roche presented phase 1 data in combination – of their PD-L1 in combination with the MEK inhibitor. And I agree. While the data was early and the size of the study was small, the combination did appear to show activity. We continue to look for combinations both externally or internally with our several early stage assets, which would help us to identify patient populations and mechanisms. And certainly CRC is a focus for that. I would just comment that we presented in the MSI nonstable or the MSI high patient population. Very interesting data, not just at monotherapy but combination at ASCO. And so there are some parts of CRC where we think our regimen will have an effect. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jamie, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks very much. I have a couple questions. First, with respect to U.S. Opdivo sequential momentum, could you just talk about some of the pushes and pulls that will influence the third quarter Opdivo U.S. sales sequentially, versus the second quarter that you just reported? And then with respect to the upcoming first line trial results, assuming that Bristol hits on the first line trial primary end point in high expressers, how would that impact I guess the likelihood of hitting on the secondary PFS end point in all positive patients? And could you also please talk about how you're thinking about the OS assessment in this trial and some of – maybe you could just provide some color on whether you think you can hit on OS if you hit on the primary and secondary end points of PFS? Thank you.
Murdo Gordon - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Thanks, Dave. I'll take your first question and then pass over to Francis for the second question on the first line study. We're very pleased with the quality of the earnings in the second quarter and very pleased with the demand performance of Opdivo. And seeing strong – continued strong demand trends across all of our approved indications, as well as seeing really high quality execution gives us confidence that we'll be able to continue strong demand moving into the third quarter. Obviously there are some dynamic events that will occur throughout the back end of the year, including first line lung data evolution as well as head and neck indications, which have PDUFA dates for us and our competition in the second half of the year. We also continue to look to prepare the market as we focus on PD-L1 testing for that first line commercial execution later in the year.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, David. So let me just take you through the analytical hierarchy here in the -026 study. So as you recall, if the primary end point of PFS is – in the strongly expressing patients is met, we will then also look at the total randomized population. That includes all those that expressed a greater than the 1% level, which represents about 70% of the first line patient population. If we hit PFS at the greater than 1%, we can then test for OS in both strongly expressing and the greater than 1%. Now just to remind you, overall survival is a secondary end point in CheckMate -026. And we can still file without a positive OS result. Now the selected population of high expressers is not 50%. So we should be able to describe the effect at 50% cut off, once our analysis is complete. And just to finish, as I've noted in the past and I'll note again today, I'm confident in the study design of -026. And I look forward to seeing the data in weeks, not months.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, David, for the questions. Can we go to the next one, Jamie, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just another one on I-O combos. You guys have done a great job going back and optimizing the Opdivo/Yervoy dosing schedule, which I thought was evident at ASCO. So couple questions. How much of a priority is this over other more novel I-O combinations? Would you go back and maybe repeat some of the earlier phase 1/2 studies? And then the third part of is, how much recent payer push back have you seen on the cost benefit of this combo in melanoma for example?
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Geoff. So first of all, let me say we were very gratified at the progress we've been seeing in the regimen in a number of tumors now. As you saw at ASCO, in many cases where we see benefit with Opdivo, we see further benefit with the regimen. So we – this is a high priority for us to expand our understanding of where the Opdivo/Yervoy regimen will play. As far as the dose is concerned, it's becoming evident that not all tumors have the same dose. We're not altogether certain what the biology behind that is. But we think it's significant. And we are paying great care to the dose, because we believe it will be relevant in terms of delivering the optimal value of the regimen, which as you see in the -012 data we presented, really does lead to fast and rapid responses, which in the past in melanoma has led to prolonged survival. So we're very optimistic about that. Now that being said, we are not trading off our excitement about the Opdivo/Yervoy regimen against the next wave. And we are certainly accelerating our efforts, bringing more compounds into the clinic and are looking particularly in areas where Opdivo monotherapy and the combination are not as effective as we would like.
Murdo Gordon - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: And, Geoff, your question regarding payer push back on the combination of Yervoy plus Opdivo in melanoma. I can tell you we've been really pleased in the performance of Yervoy plus Opdivo in first-line melanoma. And now we are the most frequently prescribed regimen or treatment in first line melanoma – metastatic melanoma setting. In the U.S. we enjoy very, very good access, greater than 90% open access to the combination. And in fact, the reimbursement process with the regimen is going – for melanoma is going very well across Europe with recent positive recommendations in the U.K. in NICE, which as you know is a very, very high threshold. What's driving that obviously is the very strong efficacy and the appreciation of the durability of the long term survival benefit.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jamie, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Just a few questions. Charlie, first maybe for you. Can you elaborate further on the $45 million channel draw down in Opdivo? That's just surprising given the – we're in the early days of what has been a very rapid launch. And I'm kind of surprised to see a draw down. Can you explain why that happened? Because if you look at IMS and Symphony data, U.S. sales should have been running around $680 million. So yeah. How we should think about that? Secondly, maybe to – I don't know who can take this? But Lilly on their call the other day said that they thought that front line lung is already 20% penetrated by PD-1, specifically in squamous lung cancer. Are you seeing off label use in front line lung? And if so, is that about the level that you're seeing? And then, thirdly, maybe for you, Francis. When should we expect an interim look for CheckMate -227? And on that note, is there the opportunity for publication of CheckMate -012? And is that – would that be included in guidelines? Thanks very much.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jami, this is Charlie. I'll take the first part of your question. So related to Opdivo sales in the U.S., our out movement, so our sales to the channel, was 17%. So that's indicative of how we view demand. And as we look at the inventory with our wholesalers, that actually on a per month basis dropped slightly from what we had on a percentage basis from in the first quarter going into the second quarter.
Murdo Gordon - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah. So we're seeing strong demand there, Jami. And we feel good about the out movement from wholesaler into the different channels that we serve. When we look at the data that other companies like Lilly have reported on their performance in front line squamous cell carcinoma – and just a reminder, that's the smaller segment of the front line market, representing about 25% to 30% of total front line patients. We are seeing a bit of off label usage there. We've maybe got penetration in the neighborhood of 10% to 15% by our calculations and estimates, from some very thin data that we look at that tracks that. And then in non-squamous, I would stay it's much lower. It's about 5% in front line off label use.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Jami. So first of all, let me say that we will be publishing the -012 data. But we don't see that as our definitive registration opportunity. Of course, -227, the situation there is we have estimated the final read will be in early 2018. But like all our studies we have a good – we've built in optionality. There is, as you know – well there's basically two studies there, one that's in expressives and one in nonexpressives. We are very happy with the recruitment. And it's likely that the expressive will read out first. And since it is a dual end point of OS and PFS, we've certainly – should the data be positive, would possibly have an opportunity to look at PFS somewhat earlier. So the way we've set up the studies gives us a lot of optionality and a lot of opportunities to take good data that we see earlier, should that be the case. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Can we go to the next question, please, Jamie.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions and good morning, everyone. Just maybe following up on one of the questions earlier around the -026 study and the PFS and the OS discussion. Maybe if you can – I know you expressed high confidence in the study being successful and the parameters that you'll do in terms of statistical analysis. But if you only were to hit PFS and not hit the overall sideline (30:22) point, can you just talk about how you think about that from a commercial perspective? Given what – we haven't seen the data yet, but at least the press release from Merck suggesting that they were able to achieve PFS and OS in the population that they studied. And then second, I was just – separate topic on Orencia. Was just impressed by the performance there. And I was wondering if you can give a little bit more color on the underlying trends that you're seeing with that product? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, good morning. This is Giovanni. Let me just make a couple of comments, and then maybe Murdo can address your question specifically with respect to Orencia. Let me just go back and say that first of all, I'm very pleased with our performance in lung cancer in the U.S. and internationally. When you look at our quality of execution, the penetration in both squamous and non-squamous, and the market share we have in second line, there is clearly broad acceptance of Opdivo in the physician community and familiarity with the use of the product, based on the strong data. And I think that will be a really important point for us going forward, because in lung cancer, Opdivo clearly has become the foundational therapy. We're also very pleased that we are seeing similar dynamics happen in every international market in which we have obtained reimbursement at launching. And overall, we continue to maintain a very high percentage of total PD-1 sales in the 80% range. As we think about our lung cancer strategy going into first line, as Francis mentioned, we are very confident in our understanding of the disease, of Opdivo, and in the design of the clinical trial. And overall, I would say in the long term we're also very comfortable with our strategy that has a really strong pillar in monotherapy. But then over the next year or so, we'll transition into the potential use of the combination therapy. So we feel we are very strongly positioned in first line today. And we have a really solid strategy for maintaining a leadership position going forward, as immuno-therapy moves into the first line setting. We will have to look at the study once we obtain the results of the study to really understand the data. And as Francis said, we are weeks away. We're not months away. And we'll be obviously prepared to communicate the data when we have it.
Murdo Gordon - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yes. And, Vamil, related to Orencia, we're really pleased with how we're seeing Orencia evolve. At the beginning of last year we launched a campaign to focus on the early rapidly progressing patient. And given the size of this market, it takes some time for a new focus patient type to really take hold in the marketplace. And I can see now across the world, emerging strengthening trends in Orencia. In the U.S. in particular, we're seeing very good evolution of our subcu formulation of the product. And in major markets across Europe we also see good acceleration of the subcu performance. We have an additional catalyst for growth in Europe with new labeling that allows Orencia to be promoted for methotrexate-naive patients with moderate progressive disease. So that also gives us an opportunity in the latter half of the year.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jamie, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Anderson with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. If I could go back to -026 trial and the topic of first line lung. I know we haven't seen Merck's full results. But did it surprise you that Merck hit both PFS and OS in their first line trial? And do you have any visibility on the degree of crossover that you have in your trial that could naturally impact the achievement of overall survival? And another question on this topic is, is ESMO still the most likely venue? And last question has to do with the cutoff. You haven't been willing to reveal that in the past. I'm wondering why? I understand it's a 5% cutoff. I think the market assumes 10%. I'm wondering if you're kind of keeping that close to the vest to allow you the flexibility to actually change that cutoff point before database lock?
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Tim, Good morning. A lot of questions there. So let me start. As far as Keynote-024 is concerned, it's hard for me to comment without having the trial design and the enrollment details in terms of the crossover. Just to remind you, both studies allowed for PD-1 therapy after progression on chemo. And we're not actually aware of any technical differences that would create a difference in the crossover. Now as you know, there's always a possibility that OS may be compounded in an open trial. And that's why we paid a lot of attention to the timing of the analysis. I mentioned that over the last few months. We also made sure that the CheckMate -026 protocol that the patients on chemo were required actually to have their progression confirmed centrally before they were allowed to receive Opdivo. That's important, because that reduced the amount of wobble around that. So again we think it's always an issue. But we think we've minimized that in terms of getting a potential result, both in terms of PFS and of course OS. We will as usual be looking for the earliest opportunity to present the data at a conference and publish it. And I'll say again, we're not going to talk about the high expressor cutoff at this point. But you obviously will have an opportunity to see that when we talk about the data. Thanks very much.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Tim. Jamie, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Seamus Fernandez with Leerink. Your line is open.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks for the questions. Just a couple here. Maybe just – can you guys – I mean this question is for Charlie. Can you just remind us where you book royalties from Ono for Opdivo Japan? And what that actually contributed in the quarter to international? It actually looked quite strong. So just wondering if that was a meaningful contributor. The second question, in terms of the France sort of reimbursement delay but active treatment. When would you anticipate having active reimbursement? And should we expect that to be a bolus payment, similar to what we saw for Daklatosphere (sic) [Daklinza] I believe it was last year. And then the last question. If we think about the PFS benefit and having success on a PFS endpoint, is it a natural conclusion that OS would have a very good chance of succeeding at the same time? Or is it possible that the study could continue to track for overall survival? And perhaps the PFS end point succeeds, but you're directionally positive on OS, but not yet statistically significant? That's the last question. Thanks.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Seamus. This is Charlie. So we book the Ono royalties in revenue under what's called alliance revenue. And the amount for the quarter was approximately $150 million (sic) [$50 million].
Murdo Gordon - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah. Your second question, Seamus, related to France is actually just a clarification. So we do have funding in France for Opdivo across our labeled indications. What we haven't done is negotiated a final price to formalize the reimbursement. And that's why we haven't recognized revenues yet. And you're correct in recalling Daklinza. It's a very similar situation. Once we establish an agreed upon price with the French reimbursement authorities, we'll recognize that revenue. And it would appear as a single bolus number.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Seamus. So let me say we do understand of course that OS and PFS tend to go together, but it's not a foregone conclusion that PFS and OS will go the same way. Although we do understand and have set this up with every possibility that that would be the case. And we – of course we hope that it will be. As far as weight – and I would just add that obviously we've had approval based on PFS alone. So there's – and that was the case with the combination melanoma. So just having PFS alone certainly gives us a good opportunity to make a submission to move very quickly. Just as far as I think it's unlikely, but certainly not impossible that one won't – that it's unlikely that we would get OS later if we don't see it at this point. But of course we continue to follow our patients over a long period of time, and we will be following that.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jamie, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Schott with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Chris Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much. Just a few quick ones here. Maybe first on just the -227 enrollment. I guess when do you expect enrollment to be complete here? And has the expressor arm of that study, is that fully enrolled at this point? My second question was looking ahead to the commercial dynamics of the PD-1s in front line lung. How do you see testing requirements impacting the rate of uptake in front line? Should we be thinking of this similar to some of the prior indications, where PD-1 use quickly moves up to like 60% or 70% usage? Or would we expect this to be a bit more gradual ramp, as physicians need to think about adopting the PD-1 testing? Thanks.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Chris, good morning. So just to remind you, the -227 is really two large, separate studies, expressives and non-expressives. We've been very pleased with the enrollment. And the express – enrollment is indeed complete.
Murdo Gordon - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah. And, Chris, on testing. As you know right now, testing in the overall lung market is quite low, with about a third of patients being tested overall. Two-thirds of those patients are front line patients, because of difficulty in sourcing tissue availability in second line treatment. We do feel that it is the intent to prescribe a PD-1 that will drive PD-L1 testing. And given that the label for at least both us and our competition will require PD-L1 testing, we do feel it will drive quicker in front line than it has in second line. You've got tissue availability, and you've got a need to test. As far as using analogs for it, I'm not sure I can guide you on that, given that in the immune checkpoint inhibitor market in general, we have seen fairly rapid evolution. So I would say I would err on the side of a very fast uptake of PD-L1 testing in front line.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And maybe just, Seamus, to add on a related topic. My perspective is that when you look at what our experience has been in second line, I believe that going into first line, it will continue to be extremely important to have data and the label that enable physicians to treat the largest patient population that can benefit from a product like Opdivo. Because what we have learned in second line clearly is the desire of patients to move up, away from chemotherapy, and physicians to treat lung cancer patients with Opdivo. Going into first line, having a data and potentially an indication in a significantly broader patient population will continue to translate into an important element for us. And I agree with Murdo that given strong data, we don't see testing as a limiting factor in first line.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jamie, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Holford with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Holford - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks very much for taking the questions. Just on the HCV franchise. I wonder if you could just talk us through a little bit about your thoughts, particularly on the ex-U.S. sales for that franchise over the next few quarters? And how we should think about that? It was obviously a bit stronger than expected today. And then secondly, earlier today on their call AstraZeneca were talking about I-O combination pricing, hinting that they think the I-O biologics combination, that the PD-L1 part of that, the price may be set. And it may be the CTLA-4 side of it that they think, if I-O combinations in lung cancer for example become much more common, that that takes the hit from a pricing perspective. I wonder if you can just give your thoughts around that? How you may want the healthcare system to deal with pricing of I-O combinations? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jeff, let me just take the I-O combo pricing question, and then Murdo will give you some perspective about dynamics in HCV. I will go back to what we said a few minutes ago at the beginning. Our experience is that given strong data and significant patient value, payers are providing access to combo regimens in I-O. And when you look at the evolution of combination regimens, depending on the dose of different agents and the frequency of those, the incremental cost to payers is very sustainable. Because when you look at our regimen in melanoma for example, during the phase of induction, which is the 12 weeks in which two products are used together, the cost of induction is only 6% higher than monotherapy. And then when you look at the regimen that we are taking into -227 for lung cancer, there is a lower dose of Yervoy, which is administered every 6 weeks. So all of that to say that at this point we continue to think about the regimen that has the strongest data in the label and offers the most value to patients and the one that is reimbursed. And one that is reimbursed by payers and adopted in the marketplace.
Murdo Gordon - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Jeff, regarding our Hepatitis C franchise, we have seen a maturation of our business in Japan. New competitive entrants have significantly reduced our performance there. In Europe however, we continue to sustain a very high penetration of the genotype 3 patient population with market shares in the range of 70% to 90%, 90% being in France. However, with the advent of velpatasvir combination with sofosbuvir, as they secure reimbursement, we would expect downward pressure on our business across Europe as well. And I know you didn't ask about it. But in the U.S. that would be a similar theme. We would expect in Q3 a decline in our Hep C business. I will say, very proud of the teams at BMS who work in this franchise and what they've done. They've shown outstanding execution and real focus and really making a very de-prioritized, let's say, opportunity, that some people may have looked at into a very good one for the company.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jamie, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Gregg Gilbert with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. A couple of clean-ups for Charlie. First, can you provide what you'd call a normalized Eliquis sales number for the U.S. in the quarter, excluding those variables you mentioned? And on Hep C in the U.S., does the second quarter sales level reflect some inventory pruning ahead of the hit that you expect? Or could we see a very dramatic sort of hit in third quarter, well beyond just what scripts would suggest? And perhaps for Francis. Maybe you could offer some context around your recently announced new study for your products combined with Rova-T? As well as when some of that key data may read out. Thanks.
Murdo Gordon - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: So thanks for the question on Eliquis. Total prescription volume for Eliquis grew 14%. So that would give you a good demand indicator. We did have some inventory movement quarter over quarter. But given the strength of the TRx demand performance, we're seeing a very good trend there on Eliquis. And we think that we'll continue to drive a very strong back half of the year.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. And, Gregg, on Hep C, as aclusa (48:10) continues to get formulary listings, we expect a fairly dramatic drop off beginning in the third quarter. Let me just correct something I said earlier. The Opdivo sales in Japan that we book is about $50 million in the quarter.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Gregg, thank you for that question about Rova-T. So small cell lung cancer is a very important part of our broad lung cancer strategy. And as you saw we have some very interesting data that we presented at ASCO around monotherapy. And particularly the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy together. And we're actually very pleased about the collaboration with AbbVie, because we – it's exploratory in nature. But we're exploring the safety and the activity and the sequencing of Rova-T together with Opdivo alone and Opdivo/Yervoy in patients who have previously failed platinum treatment. And I think there is – like many of these early studies, there's no specific timeline that one could point to. But obviously if we see promising data in a disease that really does need more options, we'll obviously be looking to move quickly into potentially registrational studies.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. And, Gregg, let me just add to what Murdo had talked about on Eliquis. You may recall from my comments last quarter that we had an inventory build of about $40 million on Eliquis, which we worked down in this quarter. And we also had a $25 million adjustment to the coverage or pharmacy. And we also in this quarter had a little slightly higher Q2 Medicare liability related to the donut hole. So there's a number of ins and outs related from the first quarter to the second quarter. And that's why I think Murdo, as he referenced, prescription trends is a better barometer for Eliquis.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jamie, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Tony Butler with Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yes. Good morning. Two quick ones, if I may. One on Empliciti. I just wanted to investigate or at least get your comments on maybe the trouble that may be occurring, certainly getting Empliciti to patients having multiple myeloma. Is it because it's getting pushed later and later? And that is maybe even beyond third line? That's the first. And the second. Francis, I've heard you mention the combination Opdivo/Yervoy obviously being the hurdle to beat for other combinations. And I'm curious to date if you continue to believe that's the case? Obviously that combination are the data we have to date. But I'm curious if you would still say that's really the dogma at Bristol-Myers today? Thanks.
Murdo Gordon - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah, so the first question on Empliciti, Tony, is – basically what we're seeing is a lot of competition with a lot of new entrants and new data coming into the multiple myeloma market. I would say we're still getting our indicated population. We are still seeing some second line relapse refractory patients, as well as later lines. We're watching this market closely. And we're being very specific in describing the patient type that benefits from Empliciti. So more to watch. This market's still very dynamic. And there's more that will happen there obviously in the future.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Tony, thank you. That's a good question, because clearly our aim is to develop regimens that really push out survival for patients as long as possible. And doing it with – as well as that great efficacy potentially, but also with a tolerable regimen. And I think we're beginning to show that that's certainly possible with Opdivo and the Yervoy regimen. And it's possible across many tumors, but not all. But in our recent reorganization, this week actually, we are sort of facing the innovator's dilemma. And we certainly see the opportunity to take the next wave of combinations. And we've sort of separated out the group that will look at that, indeed to try and beat monotherapy – I'm sorry, to beat the Yervoy/Opdivo combination. So we're certainly not being complacent at all about this. And we're trying to set up a situation where overall we would want to have options for patients and certainly bring forward the best combination. And if we can beat Opdivo/Yervoy or make it better in some way, we'll certainly be prepared to do that. And that's exactly what we're trying to do. So we're not just putting our eggs all in one basket. We're keeping a very open mind and trying to drive forward to the great opportunities in I-O, which we think there are. And beyond I-O as well into other combinations.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And let me just add to what Francis said. Because I think this is a really important part of our strategy as a company. First, I would say we're very pleased with the potential of Opdivo and Yervoy. And it's clearly at this point, the only combination regimen that has demonstrated significant efficacy and an acceptable safety profile. We started that work in melanoma. We've clearly in R&D expanded and progressed that work very significantly in lung cancer. I believe that the doubling of response across all levels of PD-1 expression versus Opdivo monotherapy in lung cancer in study -012 is extremely promising. And we are also challenging ourselves, and we have challenged ourselves to find the regimens that are tolerable, which we believe we have with the new regimen in lung. At the same time we are taking this combination regimen to many more tumor types. And the data continues to be extremely promising. So it's really not a dogma. But in reality it is a proven mechanism of treatment of patients that is demonstrating clinical trial, at a clinical trial to have a really big role to play. As Francis said, our objective is at the same time to continue to accelerate new mechanisms of action into the clinic. That's why we have eight immuno-oncology agents into early development. And we will continue to work to raise the bar beyond what we think is already a very important accomplishment with Opdivo and Yervoy.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jamie, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore Group LLC: I'm sorry. Hey, guys. Thanks very much for taking my question. It's great to have Tim (55:24) back in IR. Francis, I was going to ask a question a little bit of a different way. A year ago I think you were in my office with a group of investors, when they were extremely nervous – or maybe it was 2 years ago. They were extremely nervous about the second line trials. They weren't big enough. There wasn't enough – all kinds of stuff. And you basically said, look – what I remember is you basically said, look, these trials, we think they're designed well. We don't think they're risky. I'm just wondering if your confidence level in -026 is similar for the all-comer population to that? And then also do you have any information on second line duration? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Francis first.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: So I can – it's a very short answer actually, Mark. Yes, I am confident in that we've done everything to do that. I just want to take the – I think there's another part, which I just want to take an opportunity to call out the – our development, regulatory, and filing teams. Because I think there's another dimension to this, which is the speed aspect. And as you said, 2 years ago we were wondering how we'd deal with everything. Now I think we've seen these teams deliver nine approved indications in 18 months. And what would be an exceptional performance for anyone else has become the norm for these folks. And I just know they're relishing the opportunity to get their hands on the data for -026 and to maintain or even exceed the performance they've already done. So it's a very – they're a very excited team. And we're very confident in them to move this quickly forward. Thanks, Mark.
Murdo Gordon - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: And, Mark, on your question regarding second line duration of treatment. As I've said before, we need about 2 years of end market experience to determine what our actual duration of therapy is. So we're still light on that. But we continue to use clinical trial experience and our PFS curves to estimate the number of months before a patient progresses. That's what we continue to use in all our forward-looking assumptions.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Okay, Jamie. Thanks. Can we go – I think we have time, Jamie, for two more questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marc Goodman with UBS. Your line is open.
Marc Goodman - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. I was wondering if you'd be willing to give us a breakdown of Opdivo sales? And what indications it's coming from? And second, outside of Opdivo and all the potential new indications, can you talk about what are some of the other updates on the pipeline that you can give us? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Marc, this is Giovanni. Let me just say on Opdivo, it's very difficult to give exact numbers by indication. These are relatively small data sets. They're very dynamic. Trends are clear. But we're not breaking down sales by indication by quarter. The market share evolution, which we've communicated consistently in every one of the tumor types, represents a much better indication of where we are with penetrating every one of the opportunities. Let me just ask Francis to give you a perspective on the rest of the pipeline outside of oncology.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Thank you, Marc. So while we have actually a sharp focus obviously on maintaining our leadership in I-O, we're also committed to having a diversified portfolio. And as with I-O, our goal is to discover and then develop quickly potentially transformation medicines in our other areas. So I'm most excited at the moment about the burgeoning early imminent signs of the portfolio that we have. We've got a portfolio of now about 15 assets from preclinical through to mid stage. Many of them have the potential to be first or best in class. And we're looking forward to sharing data with you perhaps in the next year or 2 years, as we see the progression, which is beginning to accelerate. Thanks.
John E. Elicker - Senior VP-Public Affairs & Investor Relations: And can we go to our last question, please?
Operator: And your last question comes from Colin Bristow with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Colin N. Bristow - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Thanks for squeezing me in and congrats on the quarter. So a couple of quick ones. On the next wave of I-O assets, such as Lirilumab and Urelumab, can you just remind us of the timing of upcoming readouts? And then secondly, on business development outside of I-O, just wanted to get – what are your therapeutic areas of priority right now? Thanks.
Murdo Gordon - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Thanks, Colin. Good morning. So basically we said we are going to talk about some of our next wave assets in the second half of the year. I can now confirm that we will be making disclosures at ESMO around the safety of Lirilumab in combination with Opdivo and Yervoy in advanced – in a number of advanced refractory solid tumors. Also the safety and preliminary efficacy of Fucosyl GM1 in relapsed refractory small cell lung cancer. And we will actually talk about the FRACTION trial design. We'll talk a little bit about this adaptive phase 1/phase 2 approach to speeding up our combinations. And then after ESMO of course, you know there's SITC. There, we'll be talking about Urelumab – I'm sorry, Lirilumab and Urelumab, safety and preliminary efficacy of the combinations with Opdivo. And we'll talk for the first time about anti-LAG-3 safety and PK monotherapy in combination with Opdivo.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Colin, maybe let me just make a comment on business development before we close. Our areas of focus for business development, which as we mentioned at the beginning, remains a really important priority of the company. And really the therapeutic areas in which we've decided to focus our internal R&D effort. So outside of oncology, which clearly is the priority, there will be cardiovascular medicine, immuno-science portfolio, fibrosis, some of the genetically defined diseases. Those are the areas in which our business development teams are active.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So with that let me close the call and thank all of you for participating. Again we had a very strong quarter. I'm very optimistic. It continues to validate our strategy, demonstrates the ability of the company to execute at very high level. It positions us well for the rest of 2016. And clearly at the beginning of a period of growth, it creates a really strong platform for future growth and success. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 10:45:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP
Analysts: Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. Colin N. Bristow - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2016 First Quarter Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. John Elicker, you may begin your conference.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining the call on what I know is a very busy day for all of you. Before we get to the call, let me take care of the Safe Harbor language. During the call we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website. Joining me this morning are Giovanni Caforio, our Chief Executive Officer and Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer, who will both have prepared remarks. And then joining for Q&A is Francis Cuss, the head of R&D, and Murdo Gordon, our Head of Worldwide Markets. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. We just finished a very good quarter. Performance across the organization was strong. And we had some important clinical and regulatory advances in our immuno-oncology portfolio. We have entered the period of growth I've discussed before. We had $4.4 billion in sales, 9% growth over the previous year, which is especially strong, given the loss of exclusivity for Abilify in April last year. And the fact that we no longer book sales for Erbitux due to changes in our agreement with Lilly. Let me share just a few of our highlights. And Charlie will then provide more details about our key brands. Starting with Eliquis. Global sales for the quarter were $734 million, more than doubling sales from a year ago. Quarter-on-quarter growth was more than 20%. And we continued to make progress towards market leadership in key markets globally. In the U.S., Eliquis is now the number one novel anticoagulant in new-to-brand prescriptions for both AFib and VTE across all physicians. Beyond the U.S., Eliquis is the number one NOAC in new-to-brand prescriptions among cardiologists in 12 markets around the world. Based on this performance we are well on our way to becoming the number one NOAC globally. Our hepatitis C portfolio delivered strong performance as well with $427 million in revenues in the first quarter. I'm very pleased with our strong performance, particularly in the U.S. This is however, a very competitive and highly dynamic market. And we do expect competitions to have a significant impact on our business in the U.S. for the rest of the year, as we've already seen in Japan. Orencia and Sprycel also had good quarters. Orencia had revenues of $475 million, up 19% from a year ago. Sprycel posted sales of $407 million, up 9% from last year. Regarding immuno-oncology, we've had a very strong start of the year, building on our leadership position. Commercially, the launch of Opdivo continues to accelerate, based on continued approvals and new indications around the world. First quarter sales were $704 million. The recent adoption of Opdivo remains strong in markets where we have launched with PD-1 dollar shares of more than 80% in the U.S. and comparable shares in other key markets, including Germany, France, and Japan. In lung cancer Opdivo remains the clear leader across histologies. Our key competitive advantages remain, our overall survival data, and the fact that physicians can treat patients with Opdivo, regardless of PD-L1 expression. In melanoma we have the broadest portfolio of treatment options in both the adjuvant and the metastatic setting, including the first immuno-oncology combination with Opdivo and Yervoy. Opdivo based treatments are the leading treatments in new patients in first-line melanoma in the U.S., driven by strong adoption of the combination regimen. The adoption of our combination therapy has been strong in both academic and community settings. And in renal cancer overall survival and durability of response with Opdivo are recognized by prescribers. And Opdivo is the leading treatment for newly diagnosed second-line patients. With respect to R&D we are already off to a good start in 2016. Earlier this month the European commission approved expanded use of Opdivo in non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer and in advanced renal cell carcinoma. And we received a positive CHMP opinion for our Opdivo plus Yervoy combination for the treatment of melanoma. In addition, we have received breakthrough designation for our Opdivo filing in the U.S. for the treatment of classical Hodgkin lymphoma. Our filing has been granted priority review by the FDA, and the EMA has validation our application. Overall, Opdivo has the potential to become the first PD-1 inhibitor approved in a hematological malignancy in the U.S., in Europe, and in Japan. Earlier this month at AACR we presented data from our CheckMate -141 study in patients with head and neck cancer. The study, which was stopped earlier this year, is the fifth tumor type with overall survival data for Opdivo, compared to a standard of care. And earlier this week we received breakthrough therapy designation from the FDA in head and neck cancer. We also presented for the first time two-year overall survival data from our Opdivo plus Yervoy regimen, CheckMate -069, in patients with advanced melanoma. We continue to believe that the Opdivo plus Yervoy regimen provides the best opportunity for patients to benefit from the long-term survival opportunity that immunotherapy offers. Looking ahead, ASCO will again be an important meeting for us. We will be presenting longer-term follow-up from some studies that have previously been presented, including the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy in non-small cell lung cancer from CheckMate -012. In addition, we will be presenting data in new tumor types for Opdivo monotherapy. And we are looking forward to presenting new data from studies of our Opdivo plus Yervoy combination, including data in new tumors not previously presented. And lastly, you'll see the data from registrational studies, including Hodgkin lymphoma and head and neck. All in all, I am very proud of our accomplishments within immuno-oncology, including our ability to establish Opdivo as the leading immuno-oncology agent, one that is foundational and a standard of care within its approved indications. Going forward, we remain fully committed to further strengthening our position. I'm confident we are making all of the right investments. From both a commercial and an R&D perspective, continue to execute our strategy in immuno-oncology and further strengthen our leadership position. Before turning the floor over to Charlie, let me say that I am very confident and optimistic about our future here at Bristol-Myers Squibb. Our increased sales and EPS guidance reflects the strength of our overall business. We have significant growth opportunities in I-O, where we have advanced our leadership position with Opdivo. Eliquis is well on its way to becoming the number one novel anticoagulant. The performance of our underlying portfolio remains very strong. And we are advancing a diverse, innovative, and promising pipeline by combining our internal R&D efforts with a continued focus on business development, seeking to develop transformative medicines for patients in need. And with that I'll turn the floor over to Charlie. Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Giovanni. Good morning, everyone. As Giovanni mentioned, we had a very good quarter, driven by strong performance across our key products. Overall, FX had a negative 2% impact on sales and about $0.03 on EPS. Giovanni covered the sales performance highlights from some of our key growth drivers. I will just add some additional color. Eliquis continues to do very well. Sales in the U.S. were $468 million, which includes a one-time positive adjustment related to the Medicare coverage gap of $25 million. We continue to see strong performance for Opdivo across the three tumors. Opdivo continues to be the most prescribed drug for new patients in lung cancer. Renal has also seen strong early adoption. And in melanoma the strong performance of the Opdivo/Yervoy regimen is contributing to the growth for both Opdivo and Yervoy. Opdivo has now been approved in 50 countries. International sales in Q1 were $110 million. Until recently the EU approval was in squamous lung cancer and melanoma only. Pricing and reimbursement for melanoma and squamous lung cancer has been secured in most of the major markets and uptake remains strong, notably in Germany and France, where we are operating through an early access program. Additional indications for renal and non-squamous lung cancer have now been approved in the EU. The CHMP has also granted a positive opinion for the Opdivo/Yervoy regimen in melanoma. Yervoy sales in the U.S. grew 10% over last year, based on the strength of the regimen, which as Giovanni mentioned has seen strong adoption in first-line melanoma. Internationally, sales were down over 50% as Yervoy monotherapy remains under pressure from Opdivo and Keytruda. We expect that to continue until the launch of the regimen, which should take place over the next year or so. Our hep C business was strong in the U.S. and Europe, where Daklinza is holding up well, primarily in the genotype 3 patient population. We do, however, expect competition to significantly impact the business in the second half of the year. In Japan, where we are competing in a genotype 1 population, new competitive launches have led to significant drop-off of our business there. The launch of Empliciti in the U.S. is going very well, with sales in the quarter of $28 million. We are seeing good usage in key accounts in the U.S. In Europe, we have a CHMP-positive opinion and hope to gain approval later this quarter. We do think reimbursement will be a bit more challenging there, given that multiple myeloma is a longer-term treatment and combining novel therapies could be challenging for payers. We continue to see competitive pressures on our HIV business, with sales of Reyataz and Sustiva down from prior year. Recent competitive launches are expected to further impact the Sustiva business in particular. Gross margin was 76% during the quarter, down 370 basis points compared to the same period last year. You will recall that we had a favorable FX impact on international inventories sold last year. In addition, our gross margin was impacted by product mix, driven by Eliquis and the loss of Abilify, where we had full quarter of sales in the first quarter of last year. MS&A, which now includes A&P, was up about 4% due to investments in Opdivo, Eliquis, and Empliciti, offset by lower spend on older products, including Erbitux, which is now fully supported by Lilly. Additionally, there was a $36 million favorable adjustment related to our prior year pharmacy based on the actual invoice received. R&D expenses were up 17%. The increase in spending was due to higher clinical costs, including study supplies, new business development and research alliances, and I-O trials. We also had higher medical investments, including data generating studies and field support. Other income and expense is up approximately $160 million versus prior year. Diabetes royalties are higher due to increased sales and the transfer of future Amylin related royalty rights, which will lead to increased royalties over the next few years. Recall that due to the tiered structure of the agreement with AstraZeneca, the diabetes royalties are somewhat front loaded and will decline throughout the year. In the quarter, total royalties for Erbitux were approximately $60 million and were recorded in other income. Moving to guidance. We are increasing our non-GAAP EPS guidance range by $0.20. Our new range assumes current foreign exchange rates. With the dollar weakening against the yen and euro, we now expect the negative impact of FX on EPS to be between $0.06 and $0.08. This is approximately a $0.04 improvement since original guidance, of which $0.01 has already been realized in Q1. We raised revenue guidance due to the strong trends across the business, primarily Opdivo and Eliquis. The negative FX impact on revenues is now expected to be approximately 1%. We are increasing our guidance on MS&A, mostly due to higher commercial spending on I-O, including additional DTC spend. The increased investments in R&D are primarily for clinical study supplies, new BD [business development] alliances, and the development of additional biomarkers and diagnostics in oncology. Overall, a strong start to the year, which provides us with great confidence in how we see the full year. Now we'd be happy to address your questions.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thank, Giovanni and Charlie. And, Tiffany, I think we're ready to go to the Q&A. Just to remind everybody that in addition to Giovanni and Charlie, both Francis and Murdo are here to handle any questions you might have. Tiffany?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Chris Schott with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: ...much. And then congrats on the strong results here. First question is can you talk about the commercial ramp of Opdivo in Europe in lung cancer now that you have the broader label? Are you expecting similar dynamics for the U.S. in terms of rapid uptake? Or do you see any hurdles being put in place that could limit use in for example PD-L1 positive patients? The second question was just on the timelines for Opdivo in first-line monotherapy in lung. And you've been talking about a readout late this year, I think it's about 18 months from the time your study completed enrollment. I'm just trying to get a little color as to what's taking so long in terms of getting the data here? In that it seemed like much of your control arm would have progressed well ahead of that target? Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Chris, thanks. This is Giovanni. Murdo will address your question on international Opdivo sales. Let me say that we are very pleased with how reimbursement negotiations and activities are going internationally. That really reflects the value of Opdivo and the data. And then Francis will cover your question regarding timing for first line.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Yeah, thanks, Chris. Overall we're feeling very good about what's happening in Europe. Our performance in Germany and France has been very good. France is hard to see, because we're currently not recognizing those sales until future price negotiations. But we are doing very well across the indications that we have. If you will recall we have our indication in metastatic melanoma, squamous lung at the beginning of our uptake curve, and then recently additional approvals coming in that are yet really showing in our demand curves. We've also seen, as Giovanni mentioned, very good response to the value of Opdivo in terms of our reimbursement negotiations. Many of those negotiations and discussions with the various governments in Europe have gone quicker. So we now enjoy good access in Germany, France, as well as recently Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands. We're continuing to work with – and these are relatively – these are all broad indications. No restrictions on PD-L1 status. And we're working on additional things for the new indications in non-squamous when we have those discussions. The other thing I will say is that we are still working through the HTA markets, so Canada, U.K., Australia. And as anticipated those will take a little bit longer. I will turn it over to Francis.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Chris. Given the success we've had with our clinical trials, we're actually very confident in our ability to determine the appropriate time to perform the analysis of I-O studies. You'll appreciate this a result of having developed the broadest I-O dataset in lung cancer and having considerable experience now with applying non-proportional analyses to PFS and OS curves. Now regarding CheckMate -026, we said that both the events and the timing of the follow-up were important considerations for the timing of the analysis. And I want to say that based on what we now know about the progress of the trial and the current event rate, we believe we could have the results from CheckMate -026 in the third quarter, which as you appreciate is earlier than we had previously estimated. Now I just want to emphasize, there are always risks inherent in clinical trials. But this change in timing of having the data does not increase it for the CheckMate -026 study. Thanks.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks for the question, Chris. Tiffany, next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seamus Fernandez with Leerink. Your line is open.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC: Hello. Thanks for the question. So just a couple of quick questions on the increase in R&D spending. Can you just help us understand the quality of the increase? And what drove the increased guidance for R&D spending? Just it's noteworthy that you recently started the phase 2 FRACTION lung study, which includes your LAG-3 antibody, as well as Sprycel. So just interested to better understand the R&D spend increase. And if that's driven by the promise of I-O combinations? And then the separate question on FRACTION lung specifically. Is it possible that this study – given the fact that it incorporates and includes immunotherapy refractory patients, is it possible that it could be utilized as an – for an accelerated path to approval, should it show impressive results? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Seamus, thank you. Francis will address your questions on R&D broadly.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Right. So let me just say, Seamus, that – let me give you a little bit of background on FRACTION. This is an innovative Phase I/Phase II design for early combination trials. And as you appreciate we have a number of potential combinations at the moment. And this allows us to look at promising signals of activity, to actually also test hypotheses about the underlying biology of combinations, and you know we're – as well as checkpoints, we have a number of non-affecter (22:01) mechanisms as well. And of course to generate data to inform future combinations. So therefore, the FRACTION trial should allow us to efficiently identify the activity of promising novel combinations and quickly move them into potentially registrational trials. Now as we've said, data from our early assets have started to come into house this year. And we're moving forward with the anti-LAG-3 antibody refraction study, as we think there is an opportunity to improve upon Opdivo monotherapy or the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy, particularly as you say in those patients who don't respond initially or who relapse. I think the important thing to say and to put this in the context, the broader context, is that we are very confident in our broad strategy in first-line lung. And we want it to address a very broad population. Now we clearly have emphasis on first line. We already have second line. But we do believe that the Opdivo/Yervoy regimens could further improve overall survival. And I want to note that we're really looking forward to presenting additional data from [CheckMate] -012 at ASCO. So overall, we want to ensure that as many lung cancer patients as possible can benefit. And whether that's with monotherapy, combination Opdivo/Yervoy, exploring other combinations, which FRACTION will allow us to do more quickly and efficiently, and whether that's targeted therapies or indeed chemotherapy. So very broad program. Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. And let me just – Seamus, just a couple of points on the R&D line. So in the quarter we were up 17%. But there are timing issues that relate to any quarter year to year. For the full year, as I mentioned in my comments, we are raising guidance slightly. We were at high single digits for R&D, and now we're in low double digit. Part of it's some of the things that Francis had mentioned and what I mentioned in my comments regarding clinical study supplies, some of the new BD things that happened since year end, and additional biomarker diagnostic work in oncology. They're the main elements.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Seamus. Tiffany, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Just a couple questions for you, Francis. The first one is more related to the near term. Obviously investors are very focused on the upcoming front-line lung studies from both Merck and you guys. Can you compare and contrast the two first-line monotherapy trials of Opdivo versus Keytruda? Since that's obviously what we're focused on? And I think that investors seem to have more confidence in the Merck trial, because they are looking at the highest expressors of PD-L1 expression compared to your trial. So I think there's more confidence that they're going to hit on PFS versus Bristol-Myers. Plus, there's also worry out there about PFS being a challenging end point, just given that chemotherapy works pretty well in front line lung. So if you can address that first. And then secondly, a more, bigger picture strategy question for the long term. Obviously monotherapy Opdivo is doing extremely well. But as you know doctors prefer combination therapy in treating cancer patients. And they also want to move away from chemotherapy. So can you set the stage for Opdivo combination strategies? And the outlook over the next couple years? Given that a number of companies have chosen the different path, which is chemo combo. Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jami, this is Giovanni. Let me just start with your second question and give you my perspective on strategy in first-line lung cancer. Francis will add to my comments and then answer specifically your questions about study design. I feel very strongly, and I am very optimistic about our strategy in first line. Because we obviously have a lot of experience in lung cancer through our second-line registrational strategy, which has given us not only a very broad approval, but also very clear insight into physicians' prescribing behaviors, the adoption of Opdivo, the speed at which chemotherapy has been abandoned. And while there obviously are differences between first line and second line, we really think we have developed a deep knowledge of this market, specifically as it relates to immunotherapy. So when you think about our strategy, our approach is broad and informed by science. We have, I am convinced, the right approach of investigating monotherapy, both in a broader population of PD-L1 positive patients and in a subset of patients that express PD-1 at a higher level. We have advanced a really exciting combination strategy through Study -012 and obviously the Phase III study on going. And we are also investigating the right combination of chemotherapy in the right patient subgroups. And so when you look at the totality of our first-line lung strategy, we believe it is the broadest approach. It is informed by data and science and a really strong understanding of market dynamics.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Thanks, Giovanni. Good morning, Jami. So let me emphasize. We've really taken great care in the design of Study -026, in its choice of its end point, the optimal timing of the analysis, which I just mentioned, the role of non-proportional, the hazard ratio, the role of PD-L1 expression, the sample size. And we've used the results of many of our published and unpublished data to look at this. And essentially we remain very confident. We think we've got the optimal balance of speeds and design. And to deliver results, not just in a narrow population, but in the widest population of first-line lung patients, as we've done with other studies of Opdivo recently. Just to be very specific, in the trial design we're looking at both strongly expressing patients and patients with any level of expression. We have not actually disclosed the actual level of what strongly expressing PD-1 is, but it's lower than 50%. It's not clear to us that you need to have very high levels of PD-L1 expression to benefit from treatment. And if you'll recall the OS curves from -057, the shapes of the Kaplan-Meier curves were similar across the 1%, 5%, and 10% cutoffs. So overall, everything we know has gone into this study. We're very happy with the way it's progressing. As I said without additional risk to the analysis, we were able to bring forward the analysis this summer. And we look forward to seeing that data then. Thanks.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Jami. Tiffany, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Bristow with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Colin N. Bristow - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on the quarter. So on the CheckMate -568 study, to what extent do you see this data set, along with what we'll have from CheckMate -012, facilitating addition to the treatment guidelines ahead of formal regulatory approval? And then in terms of CheckMate -012 and the data at ASCO, can you give us some sense of the incremental duration of data we'll see, versus what was presented at World Lung? And then just finally, Eliquis, clearly a great quarter. Where do you primarily see growth from going forward? And how do you see the approval of an antidote to impact the growth of this class, given there's one currently under review? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Murdo, why don't you start with Eliquis? And Francis will cover -
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Sure. Thanks, Colin, for the question. Yeah. We're really pleased with the Eliquis performance across all of our worldwide markets, inclusive obviously of the U.S. More than doubling our volume from first quarter last year. So really, really strong. We're seeing this growth really across all markets, in cardiology, in hospitals, and in the community setting. So we have very strong new-to-brand prescription shares evolving. We're now the number one NOAC in the U.S. in atrial fibrillation and VTE treatment. So we're very, very pleased in new-to-brand Rx there. That's a 47% share. And we're now within 10 points of our closest competitor, Xarelto, in TRx share in the U.S. So we've got nice leading indicators. We think we will continue to evolve that market share in cardiology and in primary care across all of our major markets in VTE and in AF. So really that's going to be a continued trend that we're driving. We see very good leading indicators, as I've mentioned before. We see cardiology as that leading indicator. And we see our hospital business there. So we're feeling quite good about it.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Colin. So I think it's interesting, in first-line lung most companies are taking a fairly similar approach to monotherapy, as we've heard by looking in the RITs population. But on the other hand the strategies with combination regimens like the Opdivo/Yervoy one that's we'll see in [CheckMate] -012, approaches there are quite different. Some are focused as you know on combinations with chemo. Others are looking at combinations for low or PD-L1 non-expressors. We actually believe our strategy is quite differentiated. And we believe that – and I want to reemphasize this – that I-O combinations, specifically Opdivo/Yervoy, is the best way to improve upon survival expectations for the patients over the long terms. Now we're very encouraged by the safety and efficacy of dosing of the regimen in non-small cell lung, based on the data we presented last year at the World Lung Conference. And we're really looking forward to presenting an update of the CheckMate -012 at ASCO in June. So that will be a more mature dataset. And of course it's under embargo, so I can't say anything more about it now. But we are looking forward, with that and everything else in June, to really an exciting ASCO for us. Because as well as the updates on existing tumors, we're going to be looking at new tumor – effects in new tumors and data from registration studies in Hodgkin's and head and neck. So let me just finish by talking about the CheckMate -568 study. And I want to really emphasize that we have full confidence in the CheckMate -227, which is the definitive randomized registration study for first-line lung in non-small cell lung. So – but we do, however, believe that the experience we gain from single-arm studies of combinations like -568 can help inform us about future medical practice as part of the expansive data generation strategy that you've heard from Giovanni and myself. Thank you.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Colin, just one other point. You asked me about the Portola as a catalyst for Eliquis. Fortunately, Eliquis has one of the lowest bleeding rates in the NOAC class. However, we do feel that the advent of the antidote should increase the comfort level for some physicians who continue to prescribe Warfarin, albeit a modest one.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Colin. Tiffany, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Anderson with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. A few questions. So just going – just sticking on CheckMate -568. You have [CheckMate] -227 running. That's an OS trial. It's a larger trial. Suddenly you start -568, which is a Phase II study, looking at the same doses in front-line lung. I still kind of am struggling to figure out why you started that trial. My guess was maybe it's a way to get early registration ahead of having -227 results, which may not come out until 2018. So really what's the purpose of -568? And then on [CheckMate] -026 can you confirm that you have really the same exact efficacy endpoints and statistical analysis plan for that trial as you did maybe six months ago? I know the timeline has moved around a little bit. And now you're saying in third quarter. And then last question on the fractional lung trial, 685 patients. Is that going to be amortized across the three current arms? Or does that anticipate other combo arms coming in? And some of that 685 patients going to arms that have yet to be revealed?
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Tim, let me start by [CheckMate] -568. And as we've said before, we have a very broad strategy in first-line lung. And obviously because of the strength of the profile of Opdivo and the importance of first-line lung, every study gets, rightfully, a lot of visibility. There are registrational trials, practice informing trials. And -568 is really a practice informing trial as we've designed it. The Phase III study [CheckMate] -227 is really the critical registrational strategy there. That's really the way to look at it. Obviously as we've demonstrated before, we are executing our strategies very rapidly, with speed. There are degrees of flexibility and optionality built into every one of our trials. But that's really the reason why we did -568 is to inform medical practice. Francis will address your question on FRACTION and [CheckMate] -026.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Tim. So let me say again, and I want to reiterate, we have not changed our analysis at all. The PFS analysis will be on the hazard ratio of the PFS curves in the strongly expressing population, as we've said before. And of course this takes into account the totality of the Kaplan-Meier curve. If the primary endpoint of PFS is strongly – is met in the strongly expressing patients, we'll also look at all the randomized populations, which includes all those that express at the greater than 1% level. That hasn't changed either. And overall survival is a secondary endpoint and will also be analyzed, as this is obviously clinically important. But I think it's worth reminding everyone that OS could be confounded by the crossover, which is allowed within this particular trial. So let me just say nothing has changed in terms of the analysis. What we're able to do as we've watched the drug – I'm sorry. As we've watched the study mature in terms of the duration of therapy and the event rate is that we're able to advance it forward without any increased risk to the study. Now just a quick note on FRACTION. FRACTION is a study that gives us enormous flexibility. So you've picked up on an interesting point. There are a lot of patients in this. But it allows us, depending on the data, to move to additional arms or to ramp up in the arms there. So it's not the same as you would expect for a registrational study, where you come up with the number at the beginning. It's about efficiency. It's about speed. It's about being able to identify signals and move quickly, should we see them. So thank you very much.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Tim. Can we go to the next question, please, Tiffany?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Hey, guys. Thanks a lot for taking the question. Francis, maybe for you, just you've touched on this, but just to hit it directly on the head. Would you mind comparing and contrasting your front-line lung cancer trial with the trial that Merck is running? And the reason I'm asking is, it's possible we may see the Merck data first. Don't know. But if Merck were to fail for some reason on the PFS endpoint, how should we think about that in terms of reassessing odds that your trial would hit on PFS or not? As I know there are some design differences that are important, I'd love to hear you articulate those for us. And then also I don't – only one other question. I know it may be too early. And I know companies don't often like to provide this data. But can you give us any sense of where you're seeing duration of therapy in second-line lung right now? Thank you very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mark, let me just add a couple comments there. First of all, on Study -026 it's obviously not appropriate to speculate on other trials. Let me just reiterate. We are very comfortable about the design of our trial. We are very comfortable about the depth of understanding that went into the statistical plans. And we are increasingly comfortable about the choices we've made in terms of the dosing and schedule of Opdivo, as it relates to the efficacy we are seeing, both in the marketplace and in clinical trials. And I think it will be important to really look at the results of our study to understand the performance of Opdivo in the first-line setting in lung cancer. With respect to length of therapy in lung, as we have seen get post approval, Murdo will give you some perspective there.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Sure, Mark, as you hinted it is early days. And we would prefer to have a 2-year in-market experience, so that we can do a full 1-year look back and provide more quantitative estimates of the duration of therapy that we're seeing in the second-line lung market. I would say we're very encouraged by the long-term follow-up data that were presented at AACR. So we expect to see duration of therapy in line with clinical trials and hopefully even a bit longer.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Mark, for the questions. Tiffany, could we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, guys, thanks for the question. So a lack of testing has been obviously a very differentiated factor for Opdivo thus far. Is there any updated thoughts on how that's going to evolve commercially, when you look to first-line lung? And the second part of it does this harmonization of any technologies for testing matter to you guys? Help, hurt, or sort of indifferent? Thanks.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Okay. So, Geoff, I'll start. It's Murdo here. We're seeing some evolution in testing. And it's primarily in the first-line setting, when tissue is available. So we're seeing 1% or 2% increases month over month. We're currently running at about 30% of patients being tested. And over 60% of that is in the front-line patient setting. So very few second-line patients continue to be tested. So clearly, we have decided to commercialize our companion – sorry – our complementary biomarker PD-L1 test. We have a full commercial effort behind that. And we are setting the stage for what could happen in the front-line setting, which would be a testing market, as that's how we've defined our clinical trials.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Geoff. So I think what you're referring to is the blueprint study at the AACR. And just to remind everyone, these were the Phase I result, so a two-phase effort to compare four of the PD-L1 diagnostic assays across 39 non-small cell lung cancer tumors. This was cross industry collaboration between four pharmaceutical companies, including us, and two diagnostic companies. And the idea was to provide greater clarity on the analytical performance of each assay. Now the results indicated that two of the assays appear to be highly correlated. And three of the four assays were analytically similar. And in this first phase of the study, while some differences were due to scoring approaches and selective cutoffs, the assays were deemed not identical and interchangeable at this point in time. And I think one would say these preliminary results are not intended to alter the current guidelines for each diagnostic. But also I want to say is, very importantly, these findings confirm the quality and the utility of our assay. So anyway we're moving forward into the second phase. We'll have to see how that goes. But obviously we're working hard with others to try and get to a point where there is some interchangeability. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Geoff, for the questions. Tiffany, could we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Risinger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much. So I have a couple questions. First of all, with respect to ASCO I believe that you're going to be providing some updated data from CheckMate -012 that helped inform your dosing for the Opdivo plus Yervoy combo in [CheckMate] -227. Could you just provide some more color on that? Second, with respect to LAG-3 I noticed that you delayed and also downsized your key LAG-3 trial, so that was downsized from 540 to 360 patients and pushed out from September of 2016 to May of 2018. Could you discuss that? And then finally, is there any other commentary you can offer on your other novel I-O agents? Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, David. So let me just talk about ASCO. And I just want to reiterate, we're really looking forward to ASCO. And there will be a number of areas of interest for us, as well as the updating longer term data on previous studies. But you did specifically ask about that. Obviously I'm under embargo, the ASCO embargo, so I can't really give you any more color. But what we have done in the past, and you should expect, is that in these studies, particularly ones that are particularly interesting, we are presenting updated data, where the patient follow-up is extended. And in the context of immuno-oncology, the durability responses is a particularly interesting aspect of this. So one would expect a complete update of the whole data set. As far as LAG-3 I think as I've already said, I was – and I appreciate how closely people look at the ClinTrials.gov data. But particularly in the FRACTION context, particularly these adaptable and flexible trials. Some of the changes, even quite large changes in numbers of people and duration, don't necessarily correlate with how the drug is and isn't going. And particularly in this trial, I think we removed one site or a country. And as a result you saw a big change in the numbers. So it's not representative of the progress. As far as novel I-O combinations I did want just to say that first of all, we're very excited about the progress we're making with what has now become a fairly conventional, but still effective, I-O combination of Opdivo and Yervoy. As you appreciate it's – as Charlie mentioned, it's approved in the United States now. And should be approved soon in Europe. And we have a number of trials ongoing and planned. Some registration in lung and renal as you mentioned, others exploratory. And you'll be seeing data from some of those at ASCO also. We're also continuing to bring novel I-O agents into the clinic. We now if I'm correct have six other possible combinations. And OX40 should come into the clinic in June. And the CD73 we hope later in year. So we're very excited about the opportunity this offers us to really expand the opportunity for patients to get those durable responses across the broadest number of patients possible. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Dave, for the questions. Tiffany, can we go to the next?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Gilbert with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. First on Opdivo, I would like your view if PD-1s work well and move strongly into front-line lung, to what extent do you think the second-line lung opportunity moderates in size? And, Murdo, on Opdivo pricing in the U.S., are there any signs that payers are looking to negotiate price in any way? Or do you pretty much get a label, get added to the compendia, and your price is your price? And lastly, just a quick one for Charlie. On U.S. Eliquis in the quarter, was there any creep up in trade inventories or improvement in gross to net? I think revenues were up quite a bit more than the impressive Rx growth in Q1 versus Q1. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So let me just start maybe, Gregg, with a perspective on second-line lung and what happens going forward, should there be a rapid penetration of Opdivo in first line. My perspective is that that really puts into context our strategy with novel agents, where we've consistently said that we're looking at really understanding the basis for patients that don't respond or progress following the response. I think FRACTION, as Francis mentioned, is a great trial for us to test hypothesis and advance our early pipeline very strategically. It also underlines the importance of the breadth of our early pipeline with up to eight agents in early clinical development this year. And obviously we're also investigating what happens in terms of retreatment potential and other evolution in how the sequence of care in lung cancer happens. That really positions us very strongly, because of the totality of what we have going. Murdo?
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Yeah, thanks, Gregg. Your question regarding pricing in the U.S. on Opdivo. So far we've actually seen very good access to Opdivo and a good appreciation of its value across all of its current indications. And are close to 100% reimbursement without restrictions to those indications. We're also seeing continued strong reimbursement of Yervoy and very good reimbursement of Yervoy plus Opdivo in regimen and in combination in metastatic melanoma.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. And, Gregg, on your question on the U.S. Eliquis, as I mentioned in my comments we did have a one-time positive adjustment due to the Medicare coverage gap. That was about $25 million. And there was a slight increase in (51:03) inventories, we think up to about $40 million.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Gregg, for the questions. Tiffany, go to the next one, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Scala with Cowen. Your line is open.
Steve Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. I believe it was stated on the Q4 call, which was three months ago today, that there are or were no interim looks at CheckMate -026. And that Bristol did not expect early stoppage relative to the November 1 completion. So a summer stoppage is a very positive development. Has anything changed but the event rate? It would seem to me that the company would be able to predict with great precision the standard of care event rate. So should we consider a scenario where the increased number of events are likely in the Opdivo arm? I know you don't know. But is that a reasonable conjecture? Or alternatively, what else could be driving this higher event rate? Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Steve, I think it's – I would be very careful about speculating at all. Let me just say – and I want to repeat what I've said already. We make a decision based on the event rate and the duration of therapy. And in this particular study, for all the reasons we've already discussed, it's really important to get that right. We believe based on our experience and our record of success, we have – or we will be getting it right. But I can't speculate about the result. I do think all I would say is, if this was – if I knew the results and I knew how to predict exactly the events, we wouldn't need to do the trials. So the thing is there is always a degree of uncertainty in this. But I don't think where we are towards the end of a trial, there is any uncertainty left in terms of months and months. So we are looking at the third quarter with a good deal of confidence. And I just want to repeat again, it's without any reduction in – oh, I should say no increase in the risk in terms of the study design.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Steve, this is Giovanni. Just to maybe address another of the elements you highlighted. So first of all, our timing in Q3 is not driven by an interim analysis. It's driven by our understanding of the completion of the study. And the time change is not driven by an increase in event threads.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Steve. Tiffany, could we go to the next questions, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Baum with Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Thank you. Three questions, please. First, could I press Francis on how Bristol's thinking on the role of chemo to potentiate I-O agents, namely nivolumab, has evolved? There's been some recent publications on reduced clonality with chemo. Some publications on impact of chemo dependent on Immunoscore. Obviously you have your own clinical experience with the drug. But I just wondered whether you are more sympathetic or less sympathetic to advancing chemo in combination with PD-1 blockade? Second, one of your competitors, AbbVie, just made a material acquisition of a company with a DLL4 conjugated monoclonal for small-cell lung cancer. Obviously Opdivo is being developed in that setting. I'm interested in your views of that particular target versus a PD-L – PD-1 modality. And then finally, there are a proliferation of PD-1 monoclonals not yet approved but in development from a variety of biotech and pharma companies. Could you just remind us of Bristol's stance regarding prosecuting your intellectual property? And what you think the ultimate outcomes are going to be here for the late entrants? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Andrew, let me just – this is Giovanni. Let me just start with a couple comments. And Francis will follow up on some of your questions as well. So first of all, with respect to intellectual property. Obviously as the leader and the innovator in this field, we have a broad estate of patents and intellectual property, which we are defending vigorously. There are a number of legal proceedings ongoing, some of them initiated by us, some of them initiated by Merck in the U.S. and Europe and Australia. I would say that in the cases in which we have received an opinion from courts, we are very pleased with the initial developments there. And many of those cases will take a long time to conclude. But we feel very strongly about where we are from an IP perspective. And we are optimistic about the first court decisions. With respect to the business development activity you mentioned at the beginning, obviously we know the field in lung very well. As you also know, we have a clear priority in business development. We look at many opportunities all the time. And we look at the value of platforms in the context of what our programs are. And as Francis will tell you we have strong confidence in the breadth and depth of our pipeline, specifically as it relates to small cell and non-small cell lung cancer.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Andrew. So first of all, let me just reiterate. We believe that the I-O combination is the best way to improve upon the expectation, the long-term expectations of patients. But we have got some trials based on a very robust set of data with various chemo/Opdivo regimens with considerable follow-up as well. So just to remind you we have, as part of our [CheckMate] -227 study in the non-expressor population, a chemo combination. And we also have actually a CheckMate -370, which is a treatment informing a study in the community, looking at different approaches, different regimens, different sequencing of chemo. So while we're focused on I-O/I-O combinations, we're certainly open to the idea of chemo in certain patient segments. I think as far as the small-cell lung cancer, which you intimated from your question about DLL4, chemotherapy there has an important role to play. And DLL4 is – the target is one way of addressing that with an ADC. We think Opdivo and Opdivo/Yervoy combinations – and we'll be presenting data on this at ASCO coming up – have an important role to play in small-cell lung cancer, both on their own or potentially in combination with other regimens. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Andrew. Tiffany, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks so much for taking my question. So two more again on sort of the earlier stage I-O assets. One, if you could just comment on CD137. I don't think I've heard you guys mention much about that one recently, unless I missed it. And Pfizer does seem pretty optimistic with what they're seeing, that mechanism, so just curious on your thoughts. And then you did touch on the CD73 and said that's moving into the clinic this year. I think just there seems to be a lot of excitement around this adenosine pathway approach from a lot of companies. I'm curious if you can just kind of give your views on that approach as a monotherapy versus combination therapy? And then touch on sort of CD73 versus maybe directly going after the adenosine receptor with like the A2A receptor blockade sort of approach? And which one – what might be the advantage or disadvantage of the two? Thanks.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning. So let me first of all talk about 137. We will be – we've said for a while we will be presenting data later this year. And we will be doing that. And we have studies in monotherapy in a number of tumors and in combination with NIVO and actually other agents too. I think what's important to say here is that we believe the bar has been raised and will be continued to be raised quite high by the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy. So I think that's the benchmark to which we are looking to, as we look at the data and consider whether to bring further combinations forward. As far as CD73, I'd draw your attention to the fact we presented data on this at the AACR. It's one of a number of non-effector mechanisms we're looking at in combination. We believe we're certainly at the front of this. And we're certainly looking forward to bringing it in and moving it into our FRACTION approach to efficiently and quickly see if there's some activity there.
Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Vamil. And, Tiffany, could we go to our last question, please?
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of John Boris with SunTrust. Your line is open.
John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks for taking the questions. And congratulations on the results. First question for Murdo. In first-line lung cancer when you segment the market, and if you look at a label where you're restricted to just greater than or equal to 50% of PD-L1 patients, what percent of the market in first-line does that represent? Versus having a label that would have one, five, 10, or any positivity in PD-L1? Second question for Murdo and Francis on the regulatory timing around Hodgkin's lymphoma and head and neck cancer. Can you give some clarity on filing in U.S., Europe, Japan? And then on the commercial side what additional incremental investment do you have to make on those two indications? You obviously have the Sprycel salesforce in place, but don't actively sell in head and neck. Just a little bit of clarity on investment. And then lastly for Charlie on leverage with the revenue going higher, and potentially going higher in the out years, as you optimize all of these indications, how are you thinking 2017 and beyond about operating leverage? Thanks.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Okay, John, I'll try and handle the first and part of the second question. And then Francis and Charlie can jump in as required. So first-line lung segment. If you take a 50% cut off you're talking about 25% of the market, approximately. And if you take a greater than, let's say 1% cutoff, you're looking at about 70% of the market in terms of relative size. When it comes to second line – sorry – your second question. When you look at the other indications in the U.S. we believe we've invested appropriately for commercializing those indications. However, we've stated we want to be leaders in I-O. Right now we have dominate share of voice in all our core tumors. We think we can continue that with the hematological team that we have currently selling Empliciti and Sprycel. I think Hodgkin's lymphoma fits in really nice there, and there's a good customer overlap. And then other solid tumors, we think we're appropriately resourced as well for.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: So let me very quickly say, the FDA has accepted our sBLA. We've got priority review. The EMA has validated our type 2 variation. The Japanese Ministry of Health has validated our application, and where we're presenting the data at ASCO in June. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And obviously that's on Hodgkin lymphoma. Head and neck we are working on the dataset in anticipation of a submission.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, John, just on your question on leverage. Even our revised guidance in 2016 provides roughly (1:04:09). And as we stated many times (1:04:15) going forward throughout the decade, throughout the rest of this decade, but also beginning more acutely next year.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, everyone. So we are at the end of the call. I would just like to thank all of you again for your questions. I reiterate that we're off to a really strong start in 2016. We're beginning the chapter of growth I've discussed before. And we are successfully laying a strong foundation for our future. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker - Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer, Director Charlie Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President and Head of Worldwide Markets Francis Cuss - Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer
Analysts: Vamil Divan - Credit Suisse Ami Fadia - UBS Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Andrew Baum - Citi Tim Anderson - Bernstein Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities Mark Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Chris Schott - JPMorgan David Risinger - Morgan Stanley Geoff Meacham - Barclays Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2015 fourth quarter results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn today's conference over to Mr. John Elicker. Please go ahead, sir.
John Elicker: Thanks Sean and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us as we discuss our Q4 results as well as our 2016 outlook. With me this morning are Giovanni Caforio, our CEO, Charlie Bancroft, our CFO, Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer and Murdo Gordon, our Head of Worldwide Markets. Now, Giovanni and Charlie will have prepared remarks and then we will go to your questions. Before I turn it over to Giovanni, let me take care of the Safe Harbor language: During this call, we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Well, 2015 was a pivotal, very important year for Bristol-Myers Squibb. We began a new chapter of growth and laid a strong foundation for our future. This was true across the complex. Commercially, we had $16.5 billion in sales, 4% growth over the previous year, which is especially strong, given the loss of exclusivity for Abilify early in the year. Regarding R&D, it was an extraordinary year with 112 product approvals, including 23 in major markets and 11 by the FDA alone. In addition, we also had three Opdivo study stops for overall survival. Let me share just a few of our highlights and Charlie will then provide more details about our key brands. We are very encouraged by the global performance of Eliquis and I believe that we are well on our way to becoming the number one NOAC globally. Global sales for 2015 were $1.8 billion, which represents more of a doubling versus prior year. Our Hepatitis C portfolio delivered strong performance in 2015, notably in Japan, in certain European countries and most recently in the U.S., where we saw good performance in the fourth quarter. Overall, we had $1.6 billion in global sales. Obviously, we all know this is a very competitive and highly dynamic market. We do expect new competition to have an impact on our business as we are already seeing in Japan. Orencia also had a good year with almost $1.9 billion in sales, 14% increase over 2014. Regarding immuno-oncology, it was nothing less than an incredible year. We exceeded expectations, thanks to important clinical results, earlier than expected launches and an unprecedented uptake in new patient share across multiple tumor types validating our development strategy, our belief in the importance of overall survival and our strong commercial capabilities. Commercially Opdivo performance was very strong. Nearly $1 billion in global sales. In lung cancer in the U.S., we have approximately 60% of new patient share in non-squamous and around 70% in squamous. In melanoma, we are pleased to have a broad approach to this market with indications, ranging from the adjuvant setting with Yervoy to the metastatic setting with Opdivo. The adoption of our combination therapy, the first of its kind has been strong and we have approximately 20% market share. And in renal cancer, I am pleased to report that the uptake is similar to what we have seen in lung with new patient shares over 50%. With respect to R&D, 2015 was an exceptional year and in fact we are already off to a very strong start in 2016. This morning, we announced the early stop of our CheckMate-141 study in patients with head and neck cancer. Our fifth early study stop with Opdivo. We look forward to discussing the data with regulatory authorities. Last year, three of our key trials with Opdivo were stopped early because of a survival advantage versus the previous standard of care and we moved quickly and effectively with regulators receiving seven approvals from the FDA across three tumor types. Opdivo is now approved in 46 countries. We accomplished much in lung. In the U.S., Opdivo is the only PD-1 indicated for all second line patients across all histologies and importantly regardless of PD-1 status. In the EU, we had received approval for squamous and are waiting regulatory review for non-squamous. And in Japan, Opdivo was approved with a broad label in December. In renal cancer, Opdivo's approval came in the second half of the year, only one week after our submission was validated by the FDA, which demonstrates the importance of the data in an area where the medical need for patients is very high. All-in-all, I am very proud of our accomplishments in immuno-oncology including our ability to establish Opdivo as the leading immuno-oncology agent, one that is foundational and a standard of care within its approved indications. Going forward, we remain fully committed to further strengthening our position. This year, we should see data from Opdivo trials in four additional tumors and in first line lung cancer and start to see some data from some of our early assets. Finally, we expect three additional I-O assets to enter clinical trials bringing the total to eight clinical assets beyond Yervoy, Opdivo and Empliciti. I am confident we are making all of the right investments from a commercial perspective and from an R&D perspective to continue to execute our strategy in immuno-oncology and further strengthen our leadership position. Now, before turning the floor over to Charlie to provide our 2015 financials and 2016 outlook, let me say that I am very confident and optimistic about our future here at Bristol-Myers Squibb as we have entered a period of expected growth. Driven by the unprecedented success in 2015, we are in a position of strength with significant growth opportunities in I-O where we have advanced our leadership position in Opdivo. Eliquis is well on its way to becoming the number one novel anticoagulant. The performance of our underlying portfolio remains very strong and we are advancing a diverse innovative and promising pipeline by combining our internal R&D efforts with a continued focus on business development, seeking to develop transformative medicines for patients in need. And with that, I will turn the floor over to Charlie. Thank you.
Charlie Bancroft: Thank you, Giovanni. Good morning, everyone. I will start with some comments regarding the quarter and then move on to our 2016 guidance. As Giovanni mentioned, we had a strong fourth quarter with very good performance across our key brands. Total revenues of $4.3 billion, up 1% over last year. With the continued strengthening of the dollar against most currencies, foreign exchange had an unfavorable impact on sales of 5% in the quarter and approximately $0.08 on EPS. Sales for Eliquis were $602 million, more than double from fourth quarter last year. Eliquis is now the number one NOAC in new to brand patient share in cardiology across 12 markets around the world and we continue to see strong demand trends from key markets such as the U.S., Germany and Japan. Sales for our Hepatitis C portfolio were $458 million, with most of the sales coming from the Daklinza. U.S. sales were $212 million and we are seeing strong demand since the launch in Q3. Sales in Europe were $121 million with strong performance in Germany, France and Italy. In Japan, we had sales of $80 million, which is down significantly from Q3 sales of $175 million, as weakened trends reflect the pressure for new regimens that have entered the market. Opdivo uptake continues to be very strong, with sales of $475 million for the quarter. As Giovanni mentioned, we are seeing rapid adoption in the U.S. with Q4 sales of $410 million. About two-thirds of Opdivo sales are within lung cancer, both squamous and non-squamous. We are also seeing an increase in melanoma with the approval and launch of the Opdivo plus Yervoy regimen. Our I-O portfolio now has the leading new patient share in first line melanoma. Opdivo has now been approved in 46 countries. The European launch for both first and second line metastatic melanoma and squamous non-small cell lung cancer is going well in the country where pricing has been secured, notably Germany where we are seeing rapid uptake in both lung and melanoma. Sales for Yervoy were $266 million, down 28% from last year. There are two dynamics at play. With the U.S. approval and launch of the regimen in the adjuvant indication, we are seeing signs of stabilization there. Outside the U.S., the launch of Opdivo and Keytruda are having an impact on Yervoy where sales were down 40%. We launched Empliciti in the U.S. in December. We began commercial activities with just a couple of days and are in good position that drug. While it's early, we are seeing a high level of interest and recent trends are encouraging. We continue to see competitive pressures on our HIV business. Sales of Reyataz and Sustiva down 14% and 23%, respectively. Recall that we transferred our rights to Erbitux on October 1 and therefore we no longer report revenues. In the quarter, total royalties for Erbitux in both the U.S. and Japan were approximately $60 million and were reported in other income. Now I will comment on a few line items from our non-GAAP P&L. Gross margin was 78% during the quarter. Our gross margin varies primarily due to product mix and benefited from the divestiture of Erbitux and strong Opdivo and Hep-C sales. As you recall, we increased investments to support important growth opportunities in our portfolio, both commercially and in R&D. Marketing, selling and administrative expenses, which now includes A&P, increased about 10% in the quarter due to the increased investments in key brands, primarily Opdivo. R&D expenses increased primarily due to investments behind I-O and Empliciti, which includes clinical trials and expanding our medical organizations globally. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 15.1%, which reflects the full year of the R&D tax credit which was permanently extended in December. 2015 was a very good year across the board and we are pleased that marks the year of both top and bottom line growth. We expect this momentum to continue in 2016 with revenues expected to grow about 5% and strong double-digit EPS growth. As you saw on our release, we are setting our non-GAAP EPS guidance range at $2.30 to $2.40. This range assumes current exchange rates. As Giovanni mentioned, we expect strong performance in Opdivo, given the strong execution in the U.S. and launches in more countries as we secure additional approvals with associated pricing and reimbursement Eliquis is also an important growth driver and we are seeing strong exit trends that we believe will continue. Our Hep-C portfolio will continue to be a meaningful contributor to revenues though new regimens are already having an impact in Japan and we expect a similar situation in the U.S. later this year. As a reminder, there are several factors to keep in mind which will have an impact on our 2016 revenues. As I mentioned, we are seeing stabilization of our Yervoy business in the U.S. but ex-U.S., we are seeing pressure, particularly in the EU and that will expand as PD-1's launch globally. Recall that the regimen at adjuvant indication are not yet approved yet by the U.S. which accounts for approximately 50% of Yervoy sales. So we do expect to continue to see the impact of PD-1's there. The HIV franchise remained under competitive pressure. Our mature products are a naturally declining business. In addition, the exploration of certain relationships with third-party supply agreements and the divestitures of Ixempra and some international products last year further impacts this category. As previously mentioned, we no longer record revenues for Erbitux. We will record royalties on Erbitux sales in other income. As you all know, the U.S. dollar has strengthened against almost all currencies from 2015 average rates. Based on current FX rates, this is expected to negatively impact our 2016 revenues by approximately 2% and $0.10 to $0.12 on earnings per share, which is factored into our guidance. To summarize our 2016 sales outlook, we are very pleased that our key brands that are important to our future growth are performing very well. Our underlying revenue growth excluding the impact of Erbitux, Abilify exclusivity FX is in the low-teens. Our gross margin continues to be largely driven by product mix. For 2016, the loss of rights to Abilify and the structure of our copromotion agreement for Eliquis will put downward pressure on gross margin. Partially offsetting that will be the growth in sales of new products such as Opdivo and the divestiture of Erbitux. Additionally, FX favorability that we saw on international cost of goods in 2015 is not expected to incur in 2016. Our operating expense projections for 2016 reflects investments that we began in the second half of last year that are continuing, particularly in R&D, which include additional clinical trial investments, increased medical resources and Phase IV studies. We will however continue to be prudent with commercial resources on our older brands and leverage our specialty model. As Giovanni described, 2015 was an exceptional year, which provides great momentum as we enter 20106. Now we would be happy to address your questions.
John Elicker: Thank you, Giovanni and Charlie. Sean, I think we are ready to go to the Q&A session. And just as a reminder, in addition to Giovanni and Charlie, Francis and Murdo are here to answer any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Vamil Divan from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Vamil Divan: Great. Thanks so much for taking the questions and the comments. So I want to apologize, I missed some of this. But just a little more color on Opdivo and the trends you are seeing there. Obviously you have had the entry of Merck into the lung cancer kind of the beginning of the quarter, the holidays, near the end of the quarter. If you could just a sense of what you \saw over the course of the quarter, maybe even a little sense of how things are going so far this year? Just so we can get a little better sense of the ongoing run rate in how we should look at your forecast in that product going forward? And then maybe the second one more from Murdo around the positive data on the head and neck side. Could you just give a little bit more color on how you see the commercial opportunity for that potential indication relative to the lung where a lot of the focus has been so far? How do you see this one stacking up and the importance within the overall portfolio? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Vamil, let me just start. So this is Giovanni and then I will ask Murdo to give you some more color on performance and answer your question on head and neck. We are very pleased with the performance of Opdivo in 2015 and particularly the acceleration we have seen in Q4. That's clearly the driven by the breadth of our label in lung cancer across all histologies, regardless of PD-1 status. It's driven by the high unmet medical need in renal and again the strength of our overall survival data and a very solid uptake of the regimen in melanoma given the efficacy profile. We have approximately 80% of value share of the PD-1 market and a very strong commercial execution. Murdo?
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks Vamil. I would add a couple of things to Giovanni's comments. Specifically in the lung area, we have been very pleased. As you know, we saw rapid uptake in squamous after availability of the 017 data and subsequent approval. And we have seen similar uptake now in non-squamous, where we are about 60% new patient share in second line. That profile is a very competitive profile for Opdivo. We have two strong indications that overall survival benefit and continue to see very strong receptive from oncologists because of the lack of a requirement to test for PD-L1 status in lung. Now with the release of other data from our competitors, namely the 010 study, we continue to feel that that competitiveness in second line will continue. Given the fact that we have been able to establish superiority in squamous and non-squamous separately in all-comer populations and have a resulting indication for both histologies that reflects that, we feel really good. We haven't really seen a deterioration in our new to patient share with the advent of the 010 data set. I think you also asked about head and neck. We see the opportunity in head and neck as really exciting. Obviously, when we see the actual full data set, we will know more about what to expect. But what I would say is, this is a high unmet medical need area and is one where Opdivo in second line represents a significant opportunity. That being said, it is a smaller tumor type. It is second line is between 5,000 and 10,000 treatable patients in the U.S., a little higher than that in Europe.
John Elicker: Thanks Vamil for the questions. Sean, could we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Goodman from UBS. Your line is now open.
Ami Fadia: This is Ami Fadia on behalf of Marc. I had two questions. Number one, on Opdivo you gave us a sense of some of the latest market share. Could you remind us what time period that was measured for and how do you see those market shares across the different indications play out in 2016? And the also sort of second part of the Opdivo question is, we are seeing pretty good strength in the U.S. In 2016, where do you see progress coming from outside the U.S.? Where do we have pricing already? What do we expect to change over the next few months? And then I have second question.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Let me just start answering the first part of your question. I will ask Murdo to provide more detail. As both I and Murdo mentioned in our remarks and the answer to the first question, there is really rapid penetration across all of the indications where we have a label, the two histologies in lung, renal and melanoma. The two most recent approvals where there is more dynamic growth in the fourth quarter, really were the uptake of the regimen in melanoma and renal. And we are very encouraged by both trends. Those trends will continue into 2016. We also see that in 2016, we will begin to see uptake in other European countries. The only country where we really have an uptake to-date is Germany and those curves are similar to the U.S., but we are making progress. We are negotiating pricing and reimbursement in many other countries around the world, mainly in Europe and we will begin to see the impact of our international business later in the year.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thank you, Giovanni. The profile, as I mentioned, in lung for Opdivo in both squamous and non-squamous has shown to be very competitive in second line and we are seeing strong shares. We expect that that will continue. In melanoma, the Yervoy plus Opdivo regimen is getting about 20% of new patients in first line. It's early days and we have a newly expanded label to include all patients regardless of BRAF status and so we hope that that will continue to evolve in the U.S. Now go back to comments that Charlie made ex-U.S. for Yervoy specifically, where we don't have a regimen indication nor do we have an adjuvant indication, we would expect to see Yervoy continue to feel the pressure of the advent of first line new patient share of Opdivo and Keytruda across Europe. So expect Yervoy to have some pressure going forward ex-U.S. When it comes to renal cell carcinoma, the most recent approval for Opdivo, we are very happy and are seeing a rapid uptake like we saw in melanoma and in lung where we see roughly 50% new patient share. Now these percentages move around. They are from very small data sets. We use them as directional and we use them to estimate how rapidly behavior is changing in the market. Ex-U.S., we are very happy with reimbursement evolution and we are seeing reimbursement authorities across Europe move quickly with us to find appropriate reimbursement for patients across Europe and we feel very good with the broad label that we have in Europe that includes both first line melanoma for Opdivo and squamous non-small cell lung cancer, we feel very good about our ability to negotiate good access for European patients.
John Elicker: Great. Sean, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jami Rubin: Thank you and congratulations on a terrific year. Charlie, I have a question for you on guidance. I am little bit confused about something. So you ended 2015 with 77% gross margins and the guidance for 2016 is for gross margins between 75% and 76%. I am assuming that you are just being conservative, since this is the beginning of the year and it probably proves or pays to be conservative at this early part of the year. But help me to understand, while I understand that Eliquis will get bigger and that puts pressure on your gross margin, the other line items of your business are growing. And when I think about the contribution of Opdivo and the expected growth of Opdivo in 2016 relative to the expected growth of Eliquis, I would think that mix should be in your favor. You also mentioned that Erbitux would be in your favor too. So if you could just explain why 75%, 76% versus ending the year at 77%? And then if you could also just address with respect to guidance, the guidance doesn't seem to imply much in the way of margin expansion. You had made some comments about that a couple of quarter ago. But where are we in terms of when we should expect to see meaningful margin expansion to play out? Thanks very much.
Charlie Bancroft: Okay. Thank you, Jami. Our gross margin, as I pointed out, has a lot to do with mix and I talked about the different products coming in and out. So Abilify going away, HIV pressure there. You are right, Opdivo is going to be a big year in 2016, Eliquis though does put a drag on that. I would say net net, a lot of our mix is almost makes off, but the bigger impact, as I mentioned in my comments is related to FX on international cost of goods sold. If you recall, the end of 2014, FX rates started deteriorating and the benefit that we got that flowed through our international cost of goods in 2015 doesn't repeat again, given the rates don't have that larger dichotomy year-over-year. So that's almost a 2% impact and also included some hedging gain that flow through cost of goods sold again in 2015 that [indiscernible] 2016. In regards to operating margin, the way we are defining and most of all of you analyst define it is our operating income held for sale. So that's how we are looking at it and that's how we would talk about it going forward. We have addressed this and said that we expect leverage mostly beginning in 2017. As I look at how we finished 2015 at about 23.4%, we don't expect any decline in 2016. We should be flat or slightly above that as we look at 2016.
Giovanni Caforio: And Jami, this is Giovanni. Just to reiterate that Charlie just said. As you have seen in our guidance, we have initiated a number of really important strategic investments commercially in R&D in 2015. Those are continuing at roughly the same level in 2016. And just to confirm what Charlie said and we have said before, we are committed to increased profitability beginning in 2017.
John Elicker: Thanks for the question, Jami. Sean, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Baum from Citi. Your line is now open.
Andrew Baum: Hi. Thank you. Two questions, please. Firstly in regard to CheckMate 026, your first line Opdivo versus chemo. The primary endpoint is progression-free survival. Obviously the initial experience with PFS was checkered because of pseudo-progression .Could you outline the measures you have taken to minimize the risk to using the PFS endpoints within this trial? Obviously I understand it's first line and therefore you need to do that, but have you manage to derisk some of the initial observations? Second, a strategic question for Giovanni. Your portfolio and approach is very heavily focused on novel checkpoints and specifics and obviously there were term asset classes within the I-O space where you are less active than some of your peers. So how are you thinking about either broadening out and I guess I think you have cancer vaccines or cell therapies and there are of course others, versus reducing the risk profile of the organization because of the short cycle time in immuno-oncology by bolting on an additional asset class outside oncology, especially given the rating of the sector and the availability of finding interesting assets to acquire?
Giovanni Caforio: So let me ask Francis to start and address your questions, Andrew, on 626 and then I will make some comments on your second question.
Francis Cuss: Well, good morning, Andrew. Let me first of all say I am really proud of R&D's performance in 2015. I am actually thrilled that we have showed survival benefits in the second line lung setting in a patient population of platinum resistance that frankly have no options. As far as, forgive my laryngitis, as far 026 is concerned, we have actually taken great care in the design of this study. We have paid real attention to the choice of endpoint, the optimal timing of the analysis, the role of the non-proportional hazard ratio and of course the role of PD-L1 expression and the sample size. And we have used a wealth of data both published and our internal data on Opdivo to help guide us. So we believe we really have got the optimum balance of speed and the design to deliver positive results in the widest population of first line lung patients as we have done in other studies of Opdivo recently. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: And Andrew, just a quick answer to your question on immuno-oncology breadth and the diversification more broadly. Let me say first, with respect to immuno-oncology, I feel very confident that we have a broad approach to immuno-oncology for the short-term, the medium term and the long-term. And when you think about our central pillar today, obviously it is checkpoint inhibition. We have two assets in the market and really exciting data with the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy, which we are taking into more tumors. We have an exciting pipeline of eight agents, early agents in the clinic and we have actually strengthened that approach recently last year in 2015 through a number of business development activities we have built to what I think is an attractive early pipeline addressing the tumor microenvironment, which is a new area for us. So we have a lot to do with continue to advance our existing portfolio combinations in early assets. Obviously as the leaders in the field, we always look at new platforms and technologies and as they become better established and we are interested in that data, we are very much open to making moves in that area. Let me also say though, that beyond immuno-oncology, we actually are continuing to work to build a differentiated pipelines in other areas and we have made, again, progress in fibrosis in 2015. We strengthened our CV pipeline with a clear focus on heart failure and continuing to progress potentially transformative assets beyond oncology in every one of our areas.
John Elicker: Great. Thanks, Andrew. Sean, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Anderson from Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. A question that deals mostly with the timing of the data releases. So if I look at 026, your first line trial, clinicaltrials.gov says that recently got pushed out by, I think, three or four months to October. I look at the combo IPI/NIVO data for CheckMate 227, that looks like it's slipped by eight months from 2017 to 2018. At the same time, it also looks like 141 slipped. That was pushed out by three or four months very recently. Yet today, you stopped that trial early. So on these other trial that I described, they are still very much the realm of possibilities that those could read out early on an interim and I guess of special importance would be the first line lung, given the fact that Merck results might be doing a similar timeframe. And then the second question on timing has to do with your later generation products. So in October in your earnings call, you talked about having data on things like lag and cure on CD137 late 2015 or early 2016 and now if I understand the guidance correctly, we are really looking at late 2016. So in a matter three months, the timing of data disclosures got pushed back by about a year. And I am wondering, if you can just articulate exactly why that's the case?
Giovanni Caforio: Good morning, Tim. So we expect to have data, as you say, towards the end of 2016 for the 026 study and we don't expect an earlier readout. There is no interim analysis on that study. As far as 227 is concerned, we are very happy with the progress of the trial. We are looking at the beginning of 2018. So that and as we move to the combinations, I think it's just worth pointing out that when we talk about I-O combinations, we already have a combination approved, two approve drugs. In melanoma, we have got it under review in the EU and we have got late stage studies in lung, renal and several other tumors. So as far as the exploratory programs in novel combinations, we are getting data in-house now both the monotherapy and combination. If possible, we will present data later in 2016. And I think depending on what we see, we could move into larger studies by year's end or early 2017. But I want to make this point, we have a very high hurdle for bringing new assets forward because basically, it's got to be better than what we believe Opdivo, Yervoy is going to be which already, as far as I know, the only proven combinations of potentially similar synergy. So we are very optimistic about the Yervoy regimen with Opdivo and we will be bringing forward data later in the year on the others. Thank you.
John Elicker: Thanks, Tim, for the question, Can we go to the next one, please, Sean?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seamus Fernandez from Leerink. Your line is now open.
Seamus Fernandez: Thanks very much for taking the questions. So a couple of quick questions, one for Francis and then one for Murdo. Francis, as we think about new areas for combinations, can you just help us understand where you really think the new combinations can be most impactful? As we look at it, I think many of us focus in on the lung cancer market quit a bit. And as I think about it, is it something like refractory lung cancer and then perhaps more broadly colorectal cancer, those are the big nuts that need to be cracked? How are you thinking about next opportunities for the overall I-O story at Bristol? And then, separately for Murdo, can you just help us better understand the transition that you think is going to be necessary as you shift from a broad marketing message for a patient in the second line setting to a potentially narrower PD-L1 biomarker driven message post a hopefully successful CheckMate 26 study? Thanks.
Francis Cuss: Good morning Seamus. So our strategy is to look at our combinations through the tumor lens. And as you mentioned, we are focusing on prioritizing those areas with the greatest unmet need. Since we believe that I-O combinations are the best way forward to try that long-term survival for patients, we are again looking at it IPI/NIVO together in a number of trials at the moment. And then in those areas where, as you said, unmet need, those rapid regressive in lung and those that relapse in lung and certainly those tumors where there has been modest benefit for monotherapy, we think these is a particular opportunity as new and novel combinations come forward to perhaps meet the unmet need there. So with our portfolio, as Giovanni mentioned, now of eight combination, eight assets with three more to come in this year, we think we are going to be driven by the science and the clinical data and of course should we see good data, we will be moving in these areas of unmet need. We will be moving it very quickly forward.
Murdo Gordon: And Seamus, with regard to your question of how do we transition from a leadership position that we will maintain and continue to grow in second line with the evolution of data sets in first line. I would say, first off, we have to look at the reasons why we are being successful in second line beyond perhaps testing or not testing. We have a very strong commercial and medical organization worldwide. We are seeing very rapid uptake across the board in the U.S. We are seeing it in Germany. We are actually it seeing in France as well. It's just not translating into revenue recognition there because it's in the ATU. We have a high degree of readiness in Japan. But really, we have got clarity on our dosing. We have a strong customer centric organization, a breadth of indications beyond lung and a very strong clinical development program. One thing to keep in mind is, what we are seeing in the lung market is there is a slow moving but growing evolution of testing, particularly in first line. So testing in second line is a difficult proposition, as you know, because of ability to re-biopsy or assess tissue, but we are seeing first line testing in the range of about 60%. And we are very, very focused on ensuring that the Opdivo biomarker PD-L1 test is available everywhere we want to market the products. So we think we will be in really good shape for a PD-L1 selected population in first line and I think we will have all the necessary commercial and medical capabilities for that period in time.
John Elicker: Thanks, Seamus, for the questions, Can we go to the next one, please, Sean?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Butler from Guggenheim Securities. Your line is now open.
Tony Butler: Thanks very much. One brief question please, on elotuzumab or Empliciti. Congrats on getting that out in the marketplace, but the label, as you know, is quite broad in multiple myeloma. And the real question is, where today are you seeing it used most? In failures first line, do you see the utility there as second or third line failures, that would be very helpful? And finally, John, I hope to do feel better. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Tony, first let me say, as Charlie mentioned that the early signs from the U.S. market are encouraging, the very early signs. As you know, Empliciti is the first immuno-oncology agent to get into multiple myeloma. It's a crowded market, but one that continues to have a really high unmet medical need. And we think that that asset can play an important role. Let me ask Murdo to give you a little color on where it's being used. And remember, it is really early times.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, that was going to be my first comment. It's really early and it's difficult right now to so any kind of segmentation on the initial uptake that we have. We are very pleased with the uptake in the U.S. We are seeing nice trends. We are seeing good coverage in execution from the commercial organization and the medical organization being able to reach all key customers. The team that is working on the promotion and education of physicians on Empliciti has been the team that had successfully driven Sprycel over the last few years. So this is a team that can execute very effectively. But it really is early to tell whether we are getting through relapsed refractory patients in second line or beyond. We will continue to monitor that going forward .But the early feedback, very positive.
John Elicker: Thanks, Tony, Sean, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Mark Schoenebaum: Hi guys. I appreciate you taking my question. And if I ask a question that's already been asked, please ignore it. I apologize, I was on an off the call, given today's carnage. But I was wondering, you guys, I believe, recently started a Phase II trial looking at Yervoy plus Opdivo in lung cancer that's running in parallel, I believe, with the registration trials. Wondering what you hope to learn from that Phase II? And why do it, given the Phase III is already ongoing and what you hope to learn and when Wall Street might expect some data release from that? And then I would love to ask Giovanni about capital allocation. I certainly felt like, please correct me if I am wrong, but you have signaled that diversifying the company, the I-O is kind of on autopilot and the company is really focused on it, but one of your goals as a relatively new CEO is to make sure the company was well diversified and you have mentioned several therapeutic areas you are interested in. You have done some smaller deals, but is this still a big focus for you? And how is your appetite for perhaps medium sized deals around the $10 billion mark that other companies have decided. Thank you very much.
Francis Cuss: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Schoenebaum: Good morning.
Francis Cuss: So this is my CheckMate 568 and so let me first of all say that we have full confidence in the 227 study as the definitive randomized study for first line non-small cell lung cancer in combination. That being said, we believe the experience from single arm studies of combinations like this can help inform future medical practice as part of our very expansive data generation that's going on in non-small cell lung cancer.
Giovanni Caforio: And Mark, this is Giovanni. Let me just answer your question on capital allocation, specifically diversification. So first of all, business development remains a top priority for us. I must say that when many of our deals last year were smaller deals on early asset, they all are extremely interesting from a scientific perspective. And actually 2015 was a year of unprecedented activity for us from a business development perspective. First, we continue to be very active in immuno-oncology. I know you were joking when you said, it's on autopilot, but in reality we really feel we are at the very beginning of an extraordinary story in immuno-oncology and we continue to be very focused not only on delivering the value of the portfolio and pipeline we have but also continuing to strengthen that. And going back to what I said a few minutes ago, the agreements we reached in 2015 really have strengthened immuno-oncology, particularly in the tumor microenvironment. Second, we are focused on diversifying beyond immuno-oncology. We have signed some important agreements last year that have strengthened our pipeline in cardiovascular medicines, where we now combining internal and external, we have a really attractive approach to heart failure. We are building a very differentiated early pipeline in fibrosis, continuing to advance interesting assets in immunoscience. And as you know, we have two genetically defined disease products in the clinic as well. So that coupled with the strength and performance of Eliquis provides a good platform for growth outside of oncology as well. And with respect to your question regarding the size of the deals, as we said in the past, we are agnostic. We are really interested in deals that make sense strategically in terms of the therapeutic area feat, they are very strong in terms of the scientific promise and obviously makes sense financially.
John Elicker: Great. Sean, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Schott from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks very much for the questions and congrats on the data. Two questions here. First on Eliquis, can you just talk about the strength in the quarter? I know last quarter was impacted by the donut hole, but can you just elaborate on the 4Q trends a little bit more? And my second question was on Opdivo, any update on duration of therapy that we have seen with patients in lung cancer so far? I guess specifically on nonresponders, are you seeing physicians discontinue therapy at time of progression? Or are we seeing some physicians continuing to treat through progression? Thanks very much.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thank you very much, Chris, for the question. It's Murdo. Just I will go through Eliquis very quickly, but we are seeing strength in Eliquis across all major markets. Performance in Japan, U.S. and across Europe has been very strong. As was mentioned, we now lead in new to brand prescriptions in cardiology which we see as a leading indicator for the entire market across 12 markets. And we are seeing really, really strong demand in all of the major markets in our stroke prevention atrial fibrillation indications. And we have more recently launched the VTE treatment indication across Europe and in Japan. So we will see hopefully some continued accelerations of that. You alluded to the donut hole effect in Q3. We did see somewhat less coverage gap impact in Q4 in the U.S. but we did nonetheless some of that in Q3. So we are very optimistic that we will continue to see strong evolution in Eliquis and along with our Pfizer partners, we feel really good about being able to drive Eliquis to become the number one NOAC, as Giovanni mentioned earlier in the call. With respect to your question on Opdivo and DOT, duration of therapy in lung, really this is a very difficult number to get at so early after launch. It seems like longer, but we have only really been in the market in lung since March of last year. And you really need 24 months to have a 12-month look back to get to an accurate duration of therapy. So it's still difficult to elucidate that. So we don't a good number for you there. And then you also asked about, are we seeing physicians persist when there is evident progression. I wouldn't have a good answer for you there, but we are seeing in the case of patients who are high expressers and the status is known, I would think that persistence there would be more likely than in low expressers.
John Elicker: Chris, thanks for the questions. Sean, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Risinger from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
David Risinger: Yes. Thanks very much. With respect to Opdivo, I think that you mentioned that two-thirds of the sales in the fourth quarter were in lung. Could you further breakout kidney versus melanoma? And then second, could you just discuss the Opdivo Phase II trial readouts to watch this year in lymphomas and bladder cancer? Could you just frame those for us and talk about the evidence for likely success and your level of enthusiasm? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Francis, why don't you start on Phase II and then Murdo will cover the question on Q4 sales.
Francis Cuss: Good morning David. Just to say, it's a very exciting year for data this year. We have started well with head and neck. I think the Hodgkin's lymphoma, we have the data in-house and we are in discussions with the regulators about submission there. Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, we should see later in the year, the single arm study there. We are expecting data in bladder and we believe that no matter what the Roche submission does, we may, assuming the data is good, we will have an opportunity to go forward with that too possibly, depending on the data.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thank you. And question regarding mix, I mean we were really only generating significant revenue in lung and melanoma in the fourth quarter. We had about three weeks, four weeks of renal cells and really the very beginning of the uptake. So it's a two-third, one third split lung, melanoma for fourth quarter last year. Obviously that will evolve. We feel really good about the early penetration in renal reaching, as I said, in the early part of this month about 50% new patient penetration. So really what we are seeing are very similar uptake curves across all of the solid tumors that we have had approval in so far and that gives us confidence about Opdivo's outlook for 2016.
John Elicker: Great. Thanks, Dave. Can we go to the next question, please, Sean?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Geoff Meacham: Good morning guys and thanks for taking the question, yet another for Opdivo in lung. Just checking to see what type of share you guys have already in first line lung ahead of the data this year? And then a bigger question, I know data dependent, but is it your view that the science really has evolved to where I-O combinations with chemo may be as attractive as non-chemo in market such as first line lung and even bigger tumor types like breast and colon? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Just very briefly on first line, let me just say, we have a very, very little penetration, first line at this point. As Murdo mentioned before, we are really at the beginning of a very rapid uptake with high shares. Let me ask Francis to answer your question with respect to combinations.
Francis Cuss: Well, just to mention the combinations, Geoff, as I said, we believe the best opportunity for prolonging survival and responses is with I-O combinations but we have a very comprehensive program including both I-O combinations and also chemotherapy combinations, both in our 227 study in a community study and some exploratory studies. I think I would say the data to-date, data release than we probably have the most, but prolonged data doesn't support broad use of chemotherapy in combination, but I think we would see what the data shows. And there is a possibility that maybe some areas where that is beneficial. But as I said, I think our view is what science we have would suggest that I-O combinations are going to be perhaps the best for long-term survival.
John Elicker: Thank you, Geoff, for the questions. Sean, I think we have time for two more?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Arfaei from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Alex Arfaei: Good morning folks and thank you for taking the questions. Your guidance states that you are cutting SG&A and increasing R&D, both are more than we expected. I am just wondering because previously you said that you were increasing marketing spend for Opdivo and Eliquis this year and so I am just wondering if you could kind of put that in context of SG&A coming down? And also the increase in your R&D spending, I am just wondering, to what extent is this indicative of increased concerns about competitive thrust to your I-O franchise? Or is it a function of new opportunities that have become available to you? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Alex, this is Giovanni. So first of all, let me say, we stack up our commercial investments behind the key growth brands last year, Opdivo and Eliquis, you mentioned and we are very committed to continue to invest competitively going forward including 2016. Obviously, we continue to look at our mature portfolio and the evolution of our portfolio overall and we have been and we will continue to be very disciplined in allocating all of our resources to the growth portfolio we have. So I just want to make sure that we continue to be very clear that Opdivo, Eliquis and all of our growth opportunities continue to be competitively resourced and supported in terms of their growth. With respect to R&D, actually our increased investment comes from our confidence in our R&D strategy and the increased leadership position that we have gained in 2000, which makes us really confident given the number of successes we have to continue to broaden our development footprint. And when you look at the R&D spend, a lot is about development but we are also continuing to resource a very competitive medical organization and data generation activities across the board in support of many launches we have ahead of us in 2016.
John Elicker: Thank you for the questions, Alex. Can we go to our final question, Sean, please?
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Gregg Gilbert from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Gregg Gilbert: Thanks. A couple of questions on Opdivo there, a bit different. Is the net pricing across global regions holding steady as with your original intent? And if not, can you perhaps quantify some of the differences? And then secondly in the U.S., curious about your DTC campaign on Opdivo. I would have thought that the speed of uptake for these I-O agents and the market share dynamics would not really be affected by patient awareness that can be dealt with via DTC, but maybe you can share thoughts on the philosophy of DTC for this area? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Gregg, let me start with your second question about DTC and patient awareness. We made a conscious decision, an important decision to invest in DTC advertising for lung cancer because we feel that is a long history of treatment that have not delivered significant value to patients with lung cancer. There is pessimism for many patients. And the number of patients particularly in the second line setting that are not being treated as aggressively as they should be treated. So for the first time, we have been able to offer a really meaningful opportunity through Opdivo to patients, pretreated patients with lung cancer. We felt it was important to invest in a campaign and in many ways mobilize patients to seek treatment now that an option is available. Charlie or Murdo, on pricing?
Charlie Bancroft: Yes. Gregg, on net pricing around the globe we are, as I mentioned before, really pleased with the recognition of the value that Opdivo represents and have been pleased with our discussions with reimbursement authorities. There have been positive assessments in France and in Germany for Opdivo. We are making good progress in the U.K. So we feel good about how net price will hold ex-U.S.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, everyone. Thanks for the questions. Let me just conclude by saying again that 2015 was a very important year for us at Bristol-Myers Squibb as we began a new chapter of expected growth. We have laid a very strong foundation for the future. Thank you.
John Elicker: Sean, thanks for helping coordinate the call and thank you everybody for joining us.
Operator: Absolutely, sir. Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 11:30:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP
Analysts: Mark Schoenebaum - Evercore Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC Christopher T. Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC Timothy M. Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets (United States) John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Steve M. Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC Colin N. Bristow - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, my name is Jonathan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Bristol-Myers 2015 third quarter results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. Thank you. Mr. John Elicker, Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs, you may begin your conference.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Jonathan, and good morning, everybody. I know it's been a busy day, so we do appreciate you joining us for today's call to review our third quarter results. With me this morning is Giovanni Caforio, our CEO; Charlie Bancroft, our CFO. They will both have prepared remarks. And then joining for Q&A as well will be Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer, and Murdo Gordon, our Head of Worldwide Markets. Before I turn it over to Giovanni, let me take care of the Safe Harbor language: During the call we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. During the call we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Last quarter I spoke to you about the promise of our exciting new chapter and the potential for sustained growth, the tremendous opportunity we have to lead in I-O and transform the way cancer is treated, and our strategy to strengthen and expand our diversified portfolio of specialty medicines. During the third quarter, we made important progress across the board. It was a very good quarter. Business performance was strong. We had significant clinical and regulatory successes, and we recently announced two business development deals. Regarding performance, we had $4.1 billion in sales, a 4% year-over-year increase. Opdivo and Eliquis, our key growth drivers, showed strong demand in the market. Opdivo sales were just over $300 million, reflecting a strong uptake in squamous lung cancer and melanoma, particularly in the U.S., but also in Germany. Following the recent approval of non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer based on the 057 study, we now expect to be in an even more competitive position in the U.S. Eliquis prescription trends continue to be very positive, and we remain encouraged by what we are seeing in our key markets. And it was also a very good quarter for our other marketed products, namely our hepatitis C franchise, despite the increasingly competitive hep C landscape, as well as Orencia and Sprycel. Regarding clinical and regulatory milestones, we also had a very strong quarter, most notably with respect to I-O. Specifically, we continue to improve on our competitive position in lung cancer. Opdivo just received another early FDA approval, expanding the label to now include non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer. We have a very strong label with a demonstrated overall survival benefit in a broad population, regardless of PD-L1 expression and no requirement for PD-L1 biomarker testing. In first line, we presented promising data on the Opdivo plus Yervoy combination regimen at World Lung. Based on our data, we feel confident in our first-line strategy, with ongoing trials for PD-L1 expressors while we are finalizing our plans for PD-L1 nonexpressors. In melanoma, we are very pleased to have received U.S. approval for our Opdivo plus Yervoy regimen, making it the first I-O combination therapy to be approved for any type of cancer. And with renal cell carcinoma, as you will recall, we announced in July that the 025 study was stopped early, the fourth such announcement we've been able to make with Opdivo, something for which I am very proud. A few weeks ago at ESMO, we presented important data from that Phase 3 study, which demonstrated superior overall survival for Opdivo versus standard of care in advanced or metastatic RCC. The FDA recently granted breakthrough therapy designation to Opdivo for this potential indication, and we are working are regulators and anticipate filing in the U.S. and the EU by the end of the year. And lastly, our application for elotuzumab for multiple myeloma was accepted by the FDA for priority review with a PDUFA date of February 29. This followed a similar action by the European Medicines Agency, which granted elotuzumab accelerated assessment. Given all the progress we made immuno-oncology during the quarter – clinical, regulatory, and commercial – it is clear to me that we are rapidly changing the standard of care across multiple cancers. We are strengthening our leadership position, and we are successfully growing our business. With respect to business development, we continue to invest in building a diversified pipeline, within I-O and beyond. Recently we signed agreements to license or acquire exciting programs in I-O and fibrosis. Going forward, I expect we will continue to expand our portfolio to strengthen our leadership position in I-O and also to enhance our non-oncology businesses. Charlie will elaborate further on our business performance and business development in his prepared remarks. Again, I am very pleased with our third quarter results and continue to feel good about where we are and where we are headed. We have an established, proven strategy. Our performance across the company, from commercial through R&D, is strong. And we are making the investments necessary to deliver on the promise of our exciting portfolio. We are entering our exciting next chapter from a position of strength and with a great deal of optimism. And with that, I will turn the floor over to Charlie. Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Giovanni, and good morning, everyone. As Giovanni just mentioned, we had a very good quarter, driven by strong sales growth of 4% or 11% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Overall, FX had a negative impact on EPS of approximately $0.05. Let me provide a few highlights. Opdivo sales were $305 million for the quarter. In second-line lung cancer, Opdivo has quickly become the standard of care. Roughly 75% of new squamous patients are being treated with Opdivo, and physicians are also prescribing Opdivo in the non-squamous setting, given the updated NCCN guidelines in June. With the recent FDA approval in non-squamous and no biomarker testing requirement, we believe Opdivo is in a very strong competitive position in all second-line lung patients. In melanoma, we are beginning to see usage in combination and expect our competitive position to be strengthened with the expected upcoming approvals for studies 066 and 067. Importantly, access continues to be very strong, as we have nearly 100% coverage for Opdivo in the U.S. Internationally, Opdivo has now been approved in over 38 countries. In Europe, we have approval for both first- and second-line melanoma and squamous lung cancer. Our trends in Germany are strong, and we are working through the reimbursement process for most other EU countries. Yervoy sales were $240 million in the third quarter. As we've discussed, we continue to see an impact of the PD-1 in melanoma in both the U.S. and EU. We do believe Yervoy will play an important role in combination with Opdivo going forward, not only in melanoma but potentially in many tumors, including lung and renal. Over time we expect the regimen, once launched around the world, will allow the Yervoy business to stabilize. Eliquis sales were $466 million, up 7% sequentially from the second quarter. Prescription trends remain strong, both in the U.S. and internationally. U.S. TRx growth was up over 18% versus prior quarter, although sales were flat. This was primarily due to the impact of the Medicare coverage gap, or donut hole, which kicks in around this time of the year. We continue to be encouraged by very strong new-to-brand prescription trends with both cardiologists and primary care physicians. Hep C sales were very strong for the quarter at just over $400 million. During the quarter, we launched Daklinza in the U.S. for combination use in genotype 3 patients and recorded $111 million in sales. While the trends are early, our sales in the quarter reflect strong demand, VA purchases, and some inventory stocking. We have also filed additional indications for HIV co-infected, cirrhotic, and post-transplant patients. Our business in Japan continued to do reasonably well in the quarter, but we do see an increasingly competitive landscape there, which will impact our business going forward. Now, let me highlight a couple of items from our non-GAAP P&L. Gross margin was unfavorable 180 basis points compared to prior year, primarily due to manufacturing variances, the contractual expiration of Abilify in the U.S. earlier this year, and higher sales of Eliquis. These negative impacts were partially offset by higher sales of Opdivo and hep C. Compared with our second quarter, gross margin is down 290 basis points. Recall that last quarter we recognized previously deferred hep C sales in France and had roughly one month of Abilify sales. Overall, operating expenses were higher than last year, as we are seeing the impact from the incremental investments we mentioned last quarter. These initiatives in commercial, medical, and R&D, primarily behind Opdivo and Eliquis, are continuing into Q4 and 2016. Our tax rate for the quarter is in line with last year, and on a quarterly basis will fluctuate based on earnings mix. Our Q3 rate does not include the R&D tax credit, which has yet to be passed by Congress. Moving to business development, we have recently executed against two early-stage opportunities which served to strengthen our pipeline. In fibrosis, we acquired an exclusive option to the worldwide rights of Promedior's lead asset, which is being studied in two orphan fibrotic diseases, myelofibrosis and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, with the potential to prevent and possibly reverse fibrosis. In oncology, we licensed worldwide rights to a CSF1R antibody from Five Prime. This agreement expands our existing collaboration and further supports our early-stage I-O development strategy of targeting the tumor microenvironment. Now, let me provide some comments on our revised guidance. We have increased our guidance range for both revenues and EPS due to strong sales trends, primarily from Opdivo, Eliquis, and hep C that have exceeded our expectations. For tax, we expect an effective rate of 20% due to earnings mix. As Giovanni mentioned, we remain very confident in the growth opportunity of the company. Over the next several years, we see meaningful growth from our portfolio, which will disproportionately come from Opdivo and Eliquis. And as previously discussed, we are making strategic investments to support these important growth products. To conclude, we are very encouraged by our continued good clinical results, regulatory approvals, and strong underlying sales trends and metrics from our key brands that are important to our future growth outlook. We would now be happy to address your questions.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jonathan, I think we're ready to go to the Q&A. And just as a reminder for everybody, in addition to Giovanni and Charlie, Francis and Murdo are here to answer any questions you might have. Jonathan?
Operator: And your first question comes from Mark Schoenebaum with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Mark Schoenebaum - Evercore: Guys, thanks a lot for taking the question, and congrats on nice Opdivo sales. Yervoy's obviously declining. I was just wondering if you could, at least qualitatively, describe just kind of where you think that will bottom. Obviously, it should begin to pick up once the combination – if and when the combination of Yervoy and NIVO become standard of care in melanoma. Maybe you could help us understand how long you think that will take to happen. Is that going to require a lot of physician education, or is that adoption going to be quite rapid, and thus stabilize or grow Yervoy from here? And then, on hep C – maybe you said this on the call, but I'm sorry, John, if I missed this – but did you guys actually break out specifically, sales in the EU and Japan? Japan I'm the most – I'm interested in, if possible. And then, when will you have the next data update on the Yervoy plus NIVO combo in lung? Thank you.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Yes, hi, Mark. It's Murdo here. Thanks for the question. Yeah, you're right in your observation. Yervoy is obviously seeing some pressure from the rapid uptake of the PD-1 entrants into the melanoma marketplace. And Yervoy monotherapy in front line has decreased. We're obviously very happy about the recent approval of the regimen by the FDA, and we are fully promoting that regimen now. So in the U.S., I think we'll see some stabilization of Yervoy between now and the end of the year. It's obviously a very early launch, so we don't have historical trends. We have seen some early uptake of the regimen already in the market, and in fact, about 10% to 15% of new patients are actually receiving the regimen. So that's a good signal that there's already good demand in the market. And we're hearing positive things from community oncologists about their interest in using the regimen as well. I think, when we go outside of the U.S., it's going to obviously take a little longer, because it'll take time to secure reimbursement. So I would expect Yervoy to continue to be under some pressure ex-U.S. On hepatitis C, the Japan sales, I'll turn it over to Charlie. He can break that out for you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, so in Japan, the sales were $175 million. And that's down from about $235 million, if I recall, in the second quarter. For Europe, the sales were roughly $75 million.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Mark. So, let me say that the 227 study is recruiting. We've added now a chemotherapy arm to the nonexpressors, and there'll be different chemo combinations, depending on histology and the geography, either Opdivo plus pemetrexed in the platinum doublet, or Opdivo plus gemcitabine in the platinum doublet. And in the study, Opdivo and chemo will be dosed concurrently. You'll see this amendment posted to ClinTrials.gov shortly, but of course we'll be updating you next year on the progress of the 012 combination studies as they become available.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Okay, Jonathan, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Seamus Fernandez with Leerink. Please go ahead.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC: Oh, thanks for the question. So just a couple of quick things. Can you guys update us, maybe a little bit, when we might see, first off, the updates in terms of other combinations that you're developing in I-O? I think previously, you had said that you would have data in-house from some of these other – the early combinations, early next year. The second question is just on specifically, when might we see data coming from other parts of your pipeline and the non-I-O parts of your pipeline? Or when would you hope to reveal some of that? And then the final question:. Just in terms of the recent NCCN guideline update, can you just lay out for us the importance of the NCCN guideline updates relative to the label, as well as reimbursements, and maybe just give us – can you give us a sense of how that might improve reimbursement rejections, if there are any, or if you see upside from that update? Thanks.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Seamus. So let me confirm, we will be getting data from some of the exploratory programs in-house by the end of this year and early next year. And we'll be presenting that data, at least on some of those assets, in 2016. As far as the rest of the non-I-O portfolio, we are looking to see some preliminary data in the second half of next year potentially. Does depend a little bit on the different programs, but we're hopeful to see some there. (19:29)
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Seamus, this is Giovanni. Just on the I-O portfolio and specifically with respect to the early portfolio, to add on what Francis was saying, it's clearly – it is clear to us that we are in a leadership position in immuno-oncology. It is also clear that we have a very strong belief in the potential of the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy, and we are doing the studies you're aware of in melanoma, lung cancer, renal cell, but it is also a very important priority for us to continue to advance the rest of our portfolio, look at new mechanisms of action, potentially new combinations. It's a priority for us, and you will continue to see that as the new data emerges, because while we've made a lot of progress, we're clearly focused on continuing to innovate in this space.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Yeah, thanks, Seamus, for the question on NCCN guidelines. This was a fairly significant update because it now affirms, with overall survival data for Opdivo, we've been able to establish a category 1 recommend in front-line metastatic melanoma and in second-line non-small cell lung cancer, both in squamous and now in non-squamous, regardless of PD-L1 status. So for prescribers out there, it's a really clear update that they can use Opdivo without any requirement to having a test result for reimbursement. So we're feeling very good about that. I think that that will help build confidence for prescribers and for patients alike, that reimbursement will indeed be appropriate for Opdivo in an all-comer patient population in lung. We also – just as a reminder, we continue to have Yervoy plus Opdivo as a category 2A recommendation in first and second line as the regimen in melanoma.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jonathan, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Schott with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Christopher T. Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for the question. Just I guess building off the second-line lung dynamics (21:46) out here, your competitor has talked about an expanded use of diagnostics (21:55) over time. I guess what role do you see for diagnostics? My second was on (21:59). Where are we right now with share there, and do you believe you'll be able to get that type penetration (22:04) as quickly as you did in the squam market? And then a final quick one is on the expense (22:13) going forward. Should we think about significant further step up in expenses going forward, or do these 3Q levels reflect the incremental investment that you're putting behind your growth franchises? Thanks very much.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Okay, Chris, you were breaking up a little, so I apologize if I don't catch all of your questions, but I think you had three things in there. You were asking us about what do we think the diagnostic dynamic's is going to be in the market, what is happening with non-squamous uptake, and lastly what should we be thinking about expenses going forward, which I'll turn over to Charlie. I'll take a stab at the first two. You know, it's really interesting, in second-line lung, the good news is physicians can use Opdivo in an all-comer patient population, according to our label across non-squamous and squamous. So really the testing for Opdivo is to better inform a physician-patient dialogue on what expectations should be around response to Opdivo. But the good news is you don't have to wait for that test result before treating a patient, and you don't have to inform a patient that they might not be eligible for treatment. And, as I mentioned before to the previous question, the prescriber can feel confident that they'll be reimbursed for the product across a broad range of patients. So we think that in second line having a broad all-comer label is definitely an advantage. Now, I do think testing will evolve over time, but I think the ideal time to test for PD-L1 expression is going to be when tissue is taken at time of diagnosis when other things like EGFR and ALK are ascertained. So in second line oftentimes there's no tissue available, and it's very difficult to get test results. In front line, more likely, so I think that's where it'll evolve, and it'll take time to see how that changes in the market. With respect to our performance in non-squamous, obviously it's a very recent event, so we have been promoting for just a few days now. But previous to our approval, there was some uptake in non-squamous, and at this point in time, we're probably – and this is an estimate – we're probably in the range of about 30% to 35% of new patients receiving Opdivo in non-squamous second-line non-small cell lung cancer. I'll turn it over to Charlie.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, thanks, Chris. Yeah, we've been talking about, given our growth potential, particularly in Opdivo and Eliquis, that we need to make strategic investments to really leverage our position of strength. And with that you started to see some of the increase in expenses in the third quarter. And you'll see additional increase in absolute terms as we get into the fourth quarter. There is some level of seasonality and timing of expenses, as we think about the fourth quarter, so I wouldn't view that as the run rate as we think about 2016. And, of course, we look across the entire business as we think about where can we up-invest, but also where can we reallocate expenses. And, as you can appreciate, it's too early to be thinking about giving some sort of guidance for 2016.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Chris, this is Giovanni. From my perspective, when you look at the results of Q3, there's really strong trends in terms of revenues and top line growth for the key growth drivers. I think that speaks to the strength of commercial execution. And it really validates the strategy to strategically invest in the business in order to accelerate the right trends going into 2016, as we start what we've called our new chapter of growth.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Jonathan. Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Anderson with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Timothy M. Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. Just staying on the topic of I-O, can you talk about what your research shows in terms of physicians that today want to actually do PL-1 testing in the second-line setting? So I know that it's much easier to use your product, and I would imagine that's a major competitive advantage, but I know from talking to physicians in the past, there are some proportion that actually want to do PD-L1 testing, and they put some value on that. I'm wondering what your research shows is the proportion of physicians that feel that way today in second-line lung? Is it one in 10 or one in five, or what exactly? And then a second question: Can you give us your updated perspective on how PD-L1 testing will be employed in Europe right out of the gates here in second-line lung? Is that something that's going to be used as a access-limiting tool? And then last question: Just off-label use of Keytruda at the moment, not that you're promoting it that way, but we've seen data from one treatment center that said that almost 30% of use was actually in renal, which I'm sure can't be reflective of the national average. But what percent is currently being used outside of those two indications?
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: So we'll let Murdo comment on anything related to Opdivo. But we'll leave Keytruda to the other company, Tim. Murdo?
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Yeah, Tim, so I think it's hard to fix a number in terms of physicians who prefer testing over those who are agnostic to testing. I think what we're seeing is, in an academic institutional setting, where reference labs have had our antibody for some time now, there are definitely more tests – there's more testing in the institutional setting so that the physician can ascertain what the likelihood of a response will be. I think in the community, it's much less frequent and that will obviously change, as I said, earlier but it's the minority of physicians who are aware and understand how to do the testing. Given that we've been out promoting in the squamous histology for some time with no required testing, clearly they're a bit confused now as to why all the sudden there's a requirement to test from other PD-L1 inhibitors. And of course we're reinforcing that there's no requirement to test with Opdivo across non-squamous and squamous. When it comes to off-label use, in terms of renal indication, we're not really tracking that right now in a large extent. We look at it, obviously; we look at all of our use. But most of our use to date can be explained by the melanoma indications and our lung indications. We did – as I mentioned, we did see off-label non-squamous lung use prior to the approval recently.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And with respect to – this is Giovanni – with respect to your question regarding Europe, at this point, obviously, we are approved for melanoma and the squamous setting, and we have not seen indication of a restriction based on testing for PD-L1 expression levels. But obviously there is no data that would support that restriction, given our currently approved indications in Europe.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jonathan, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Question for you first, Charlie, on operating margin leverage. On the last earnings call, you obviously signaled increased levels of spending and sort of threw cold water on the operating margin leverage story. Now we're seeing those increased levels of spend, but also greater-than-expected revenues coming through. So can you give us a little bit more color on when we can expect to see a greater magnitude of operating margin leverage? Are we going to start to see that in 2016, say, second half? Or do we have to wait until 2017 and beyond? If you can just give a little bit more color around that. And, Francis, for you, what are the key pivotal trials that you expect to see next year in terms of either reaching information at your interim analysis or when the trials conclude? But what are the additional tumor types that you expect to see reading out next year? Thanks very much.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Jami, this is Charlie. I'll answer your cold-water question first. Operating leverage for us as we think about 2016 and beyond will start happening in probably the 2017 period. We haven't finalized our budgets and our plans. But we expect – and we did say this on the last call – meaningful expansion as we get back towards the back half of this decade. So we'll continue to update you as we give guidance for 2016, and then we can think about it further. But we do expect significant expansion towards the latter part of this decade.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I think what's important, as I said before, is that – and as you mentioned, Jami – is that revenue growth is very strong, which really speaks to the strategy to invest in the business. And it's an important priority for us. But I just want to reinforce what Charlie said: Coming out of 2016 and going into 2017, we do expect leverage to begin to appear and become very meaningful.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good afternoon, Jami. It's Francis. So, as you recall, we presented encouraging data in new tumors at ASCO, such as hepatocellular carcinoma, small-cell lung cancer, and glioblastoma, and all of these could be firsts for BMS going forward. So, in addition to the nine to 10 positive registration studies we've had in the last 12 months, as you know, we've got 25 ongoing planned registration trials. And before the end of 2016, we could potentially see registrational data for head and neck, for Hodgkin's lymphoma, for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, or for bladder. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jonathan, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, thanks very much. I have two questions. First, with respect to renal cell carcinoma, obviously the data was very impressive and you've filed it for approval. But just wondering if you can provide a framework for NCCN guideline update potential and timing? And then, second, with respect to the EU, could you just walk us through key events to watch for Opdivo and lung cancer over the next year? What we should think about in terms of timing for an approval in non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer, and the rollout in the EU of that indication?
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: David, this is Giovanni. Let me just take your first question on renal and just confirm, as we said in our remarks, we are working with regulators to complete those findings in Europe and the U.S. by the end of the year. We don't have an update on NCCN. And the only thing I can say is that, on both the regulatory front and NCCN guidelines, we've seen in the past that those updates are made rapidly when they're as compelling as you just mentioned. And I'll ask Francis to comment on lung in the European Union.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Good afternoon, David. Just – I'm not going to go into detail about our regulatory interactions in Europe, but they have always been very good with the regulators there. And we would expect to see some action next year on non-small cell lung cancer approval. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jonathan, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Baum with Citi. Please go ahead. Andrew Baum with Citi, your line is open.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Okay, Jonathan, maybe we can go to the next one.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gregg Gilbert with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, hi, good morning. A couple. First on Eliquis, Charlie, any inventory changes or rebating changes that affected Eliquis sales in the quarter versus the second quarter level on net revenue? Secondly, on Opdivo, do you expect share to go up in monotherapy in melanoma, given that docs may want to add Yervoy later and want to start with the mono agent that has the combo data? And lastly, for Giovanni, you talked, when you took over the CEO seat, that you wanted to win in I-O, and certainly help diversify the company. You made some comments about diversification earlier via the pipeline. I was curious if you're focused at all, maybe for Charlie too, on any efforts to diversify with commercial stage assets, or is it really a pipeline-driven phenomenon? Thanks.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, thanks, Gregg. This is Charlie. I'll handle your question on Eliquis. And I did mention this in my remarks, that in the U.S., TRx growth was up actually 18% sequentially versus Q2. What we saw, though, is relatively flat sales, and that's because of the impact of the Medicare coverage gap, or what's infamously known as the donut hole. So that suppressed overall sales, but still strong prescription growth, and strong sequential growth.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Yeah, we had a little bit of inventory workdown on Eliquis in the quarter. It's about two-thirds of the change is about what Charlie mentioned, the coverage gap effect, and then one-third would have been inventory workdown. When you think about Opdivo monotherapy, it's actually a really good question, Gregg, because what we are hearing from our customers is, the fact that we have two immune checkpoint inhibitors in our portfolio has obviously very real potential benefits for them, but even for patients, once a patient enrolls in our patient assistance program for either drug, they are no longer required to re-enroll for assistance with the mixed drug. So, as you highlighted, a physician may decide to use Opdivo versus other PD-1 options in front line, because they know if they do progress, they don't have to fill out any additional paperwork or reapply for patient assistance when they get a patient on Yervoy. And it's a real convenience factor for physicians and patients. And obviously, if they are going to use the two in combination, then they only need to familiarize themselves with one PD-1 inhibitor in that setting as well. So, thanks for that question.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Gregg, with respect to your question on the two imperatives, I'm optimistic, and I feel that we are continuing to make great progress on both fronts in terms of winning in immuno-oncology. Our leadership position in this field has strengthened coming out of the third quarter. And in terms of diversifying, that continues to be a priority for us. And in terms of diversification, it's both within immuno-oncology, and that's really the discussion we had earlier about investing in new mechanisms of action and advancing the early immuno-oncology pipeline, and then obviously, outside of immuno-oncology. You've heard about at least one of our business development deals in the quarter, and how the rest of the pipeline is moving forward. Our business development strategy is really agnostic with respect to pipeline versus marketed assets. Obviously, there are fewer late-stage or marketed assets available, particularly given our focus on truly differentiated medicines. But we are looking at both, and obviously it is likely that we will continue to do more pipeline deals, just because of the nature of our business.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jonathan, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great, thanks so much for taking my questions. So just two. First one around the topic of price, where obviously there's been a lot of discussion in the media, just – my question really is you guys, obviously, as you mentioned, had the first approved combination now, and we know how you priced that one. Just the feedback that you're receiving or of any pushback, just given how you've priced that relative to the monotherapies would be interesting to hear now that it's been a few weeks. And second one, one product that I think doesn't get discussed as much is elotuzumab, and you talked about the therapy (39:47) that's ongoing there. Can you maybe just sort of frame the market opportunity there? I think people realize it's a big market, but also pretty crowded, and it hasn't shown much impact in terms of – as a monotherapy agent. So how do you see the commercial potential for that product? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Vamil, thanks for the question. Let me start on pricing, and then Murdo will comment on elotuzumab market opportunity. So first, clearly there is a lot of discussion about pricing and pricing of specialty medicines specifically. The way we think about it at BMS is that we are developing truly innovative medicines that offer significant value to patients. And we are also strengthening and continuing to strengthen globally the reach and the characteristics of our reimbursement support and access assistance programs. With respect to the combo, specifically, the value that the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy offers for patients with melanoma is very significant. And payers are responding positively to the 60% response rate, to 17% complete response, to the durability of the response, and we have really not seen significant objections to date. Remember that during the phase in which the two products are used together, the cost of therapy during that induction phase is only 6% higher than Opdivo monotherapy. And only the patients that continue on a monotherapy regimen with Opdivo after the combo period clearly continue to incur incremental costs. But those patients are typically patients that would respond, and given the durability of response with Opdivo, the value is highest at that point. So I think that message is resonating really well.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: (41:50) Thanks, Vamil. On elotuzumab, we really have an interesting opportunity with elotuzumab. Obviously, with our first indication in relapsed/refractory, when we receive it from the FDA, we have an opportunity in a smaller percentage of the market, but still a very significant opportunity. It's a large market. We have also prepared commercially for launch in the near future, so we have, as you'll recall, transitioned our commercial activities on Erbitux back to Lilly, and now we have a dedicated hematology field organization to be able to focus on customers that prescribe implicitly, (42:35) which is a really nice fit for us with our Sprycel business. So we're excited about it. I also like that we've got a very nice lifecycle plan with that product, and we're hopeful that we're successful in front-line data, which will come out later next year with our ongoing ELOQUENT-1 trial.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Jonathan, could we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Arfaei with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, and thank you for taking the questions. Most of my questions have been answered. I have one on Sprycel, actually. It doesn't get as much attention. Obviously, a significant product for you. Our understanding is that it will face generic competition from Gleevec next year. So if you could comment on how we should think about the impact there. Thank you.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Yeah, thanks, Alex. Glad you mentioned Sprysel. We're having very good success Sprycel worldwide, growing rapidly in front-line share. We've done a really nice job, I think, in the U.S. and ex-U.S., in becoming a much more front-line, first-choice product. With the advent of generic Gleevec, we're definitely going to see some pressure in the U.S. and some markets ex-U.S. We're already seeing that in some locations like Canada, but I think given the strength of the share evolution in front line, we're going to be able to weather that quite well. Obviously, we're also focused on the ability for the oncologist or hematologist to test patients for depth of molecular response within the first three months, which should allow us to be able to use very rapid second line penetration in that market. And I think that will be important to continue to have good Sprycel growth long term.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Jonathan, could we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from John Boris with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks for taking the questions, and congratulations on the quarter. For Giovanni and Francis, you do mention that you want to dominate to a great degree through the new mechanisms of action in the I-O space. Can you maybe help us understand when we might begin to see some additional data on the anti-LAG-3, anti-KIR, anti-CD137? And I think there was also commentary out in Denver about other mechanisms potentially going into the clinics, so just some commentary on the strategy there. Secondly on Eliquis, new-to-brand share or percent of sales coming from cardiologists versus primary care? And then on ASH, anything you want to focus us on, relative to what we should be looking at, at ASH in your portfolio?
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. John, let me just start on leadership in immuno-oncology and Francis will elaborate further; then Murdo will talk about Eliquis. So, from my perspective, we clearly are the leaders in this field. The field of immuno-oncology is moving probably faster than all of us had expected, in terms of the strength of the activity we are seeing in tumors and the number of tumors in which immuno-oncology is active. And we are working in order to maintain and strengthen our leadership position by growing and expanding our development programs into new tumors, but also continuing to lead in terms of understanding the potential role of combinations in increasing response rates and improving the impact on survival. And our goal, as we've stated before, has been to replace chemotherapy. We believe that combo I-O therapies are best positioned to do that. We have the most advanced data set with Yervoy/Opdivo combinations and, obviously, we are not sort of resting on our current position, but we are continuing to advance new mechanisms of action into the clinic, because we want to continue to innovate. And that's what we mean when we define maintaining and strengthening our leadership position in immuno-oncology.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Thanks, John, good afternoon. So let me give you a little more color here. So as well as our major focus on checkpoint inhibitors such as Opdivo, Yervoy, anti-LAG-3, and urelumab, we're also interested in other potentially complementary approaches to reverse tumor-induced immunosuppression in the tumor microenvironment, but also directly stimulate the immune system. So – but just to say – so generating optimal T cell responses may also require T cell receptor activation plus co-stimulation, as you know, which then can be provided through ligation of the TNF receptor family members, including anti-GITR, which has just gone into the clinic for us, OX40, which we expect to bring into the clinic next year. And of course, urelumab, which is already under way. As far as the tumor microenvironment, we're actually very excited about the progress of IDO, that program we acquired from Flexus, and we're on track to have that lead molecule enter the clinic next year. Additionally, as you recall, we have the TGF-beta program from Rigel, which is still preclinical, and then internally discovered anti-CD73 molecule, which we hope to be in the clinic before the end of next year, too. And of course, with the recent announcement of the Five Prime licensing deal, we also have a CSF1R in phase run, (48:32) which is in combination with Opdivo, and we're very pleased with how that trial is progressing also. So, let me just sum up. We have a number of exploratory clinical studies in addition to checkpoint inhibitors, as well as other complementary nonredundant approaches to PD-1 inhibition. We will be getting data at the end of this year and through next year, and depending on the data and the timing, we will be presenting some of that next year. Thanks.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: And John, to your question on Eliquis, we've enjoyed a historically very strong performance in cardiology. We currently have around a 50% share of new-to-brand patients in atrial fibrillation and VTE treatment patient populations. And then in primary care, we have about a 40% market share in those same two indications, so we are already the most prescribed, in new patients, novel oral anticoagulant in cardiology, and we intend to become the number one novel oral anticoagulant in primary care.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Yeah John, I think with ASH, you could expect to see some updated data on elotuzumab from the ELOQUENT-2 data. And I believe we're going to have some updates to the data presented last year at ASH for Opdivo in Hodgkin's and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Can we go to the next question, please, Jonathan?
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Scala with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Steve M. Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you, I have three questions. First, CheckMate 017 and 057 both stopped early, whereas KEYNOTE-010 went to its completion. Do you think this is likely attributed to a KEYNOTE-010 trial design that benefited from learnings from other studies? Or should we think more broadly than that? I'm sure you have thought about it, so I'd be interested in anything that crossed your mind on that topic. Secondly, Merck claims to have 70% share of melanoma with PD-1. To what do you attribute this dominant share? Is it the first-mover advantage, is it the Q3 week versus the Q2 week dosing, or is it something else? And then lastly, I could be wrong, but I think the last cut of CheckMate 012 data presented was from about a year ago. Maybe based on data that you have internally, I'd be curious if the NIVO-chemo combo arm continues to demonstrate an undifferentiated tail response? Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good afternoon, Steve. So, let me say, we obviously know very little about the overall survival data for Keytruda, and we'll obviously look forward to seeing the full results when they're published. But let me tell you what we do know. We do know that Opdivo has a clear overall survival benefit, and a benefit in a broad population. As a result, it's got the broadest label and, as you know, it's indicated for previously treated patients, both squamous and non-squamous, regardless of PD-L1 expression. And as Murdo said, there's no need therefore to test. Now, in both CheckMate 017 and CheckMate 057, Opdivo demonstrated PFS benefit versus docetaxel. And, in CheckMate 017, the benefit was seen in both PD-L1 positive and negative patients. And in CheckMate 057, the benefit was statistically significant at all levels of PD-L1 expression, including greater than 1%, not just 50%. So I'm very clear in my own mind about the strength of the Opdivo data. And obviously we'll be able to comment – you'll be able to see when you see the Keytruda data. I don't have an update on the chemotherapy data from 012 in combination with Opdivo. But what I would say is we are going forward with a number of approaches in addition to the I-O combination of Opdivo/Yervoy regimen. So we've got the large, well-controlled study 227. We are looking at novel dosing with chemo in terms of priming and shorter-term disease control. We have collaborations with Novartis and Celgene looking at chemotherapy and targeted therapy. And we've also initiated a multiarm study, which is CheckMate 370, which is looking at Opdivo primarily in the community setting, (53:28) chemotherapy with (53:30) first line treatment, either alone or in combination with standard-of-care chemotherapies in advanced non-small cell lung cancer. So, based on all of this, we're confident in our approach to exploring a broad lung approach, but also exploring the role of chemotherapy combinations in first-line lung.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Yeah, and I think, Steve, you had a question regarding the 70% number that was put out during the Merck call this morning. I believe that was a 70% share of PD-1 monotherapy in melanoma. And I think if you look at overall share of melanoma, Opdivo to Keytruda, whether it's used in monotherapy or a regimen, we're roughly a 50/50 share. I think we're 49%; they might be a little higher. So Opdivo has caught up quickly. I think with the regimen indication, that dynamic is still very much in play, and I think we'll see some increased usage of regimen in the market, which will further drive Opdivo share. I think the only other thing is to – whether or not this is a function of dose. I think it's more a function of the early-mover advantage, as you described. We're seeing that, in the market, our promotion is going well. We have the largest share voice in melanoma, and with the advent of the regimen approval, we'll be promoting that fully and expect to continue to evolve in total I-O share of melanoma.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks. Jonathan, I think we have time for just one more question.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Colin Bristow with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Colin N. Bristow - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, guys, thanks for squeezing me in. So just a quick one to build on the business development comments. You've been doing a great job at continuing to build your I-O pipeline via BD. Could you comment on your level of interest in cellular therapeutics, given this is one area you're currently not in? And then, just on your initial comments on diversifying, should we expect a shift from I-O focused deals to other therapeutic areas? And, if so, what would those therapeutic areas be? And then, just lastly on your HIV pipeline, could you just provide some color on your attachment and your maturation inhibitors and the potential you see there, given this is a disease you clearly have great experience in? Thanks.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good afternoon, Colin. So let me start with BD. Clearly, we've always seen BD as very important to complement our internally discovered efforts, and as you've seen in the last quarter, we've expanded our portfolio both in I-O and in – outside of I-O. And I would just comment, again, on the – I've talked about the CSF1R collaboration – sorry, the licensing – with Five Prime, but the fibrosis side is very important, too. And, just to give you a bit more color, we gained the worldwide rights to PRM-151, which is a recombinant form of a human pentraxin-2 protein. Now, this is in Phase 2 development, as you heard, for the treatments of IPF and myelofibrosis. Now, what particularly struck us about the early data, which is continuing to develop in myelofibrosis, that it suggests that pentraxin-2 may be able to reverse the fibrotic process and improve the downstream events, not just stop the progression. So pentraxin-2 clearly complements our growing early-stage fibrosis portfolio. And it becomes very exciting if the early data is confirmed and have the potential to be transformational in multiple fibrotic diseases. As far as HIV, we're continuing to bring forward two novel, potentially first-in-class compounds. The attachment inhibitor has moved into Phase 3. As you saw recently, we've had some good Phase 2 data with the maturation inhibitor, the first in salvage therapy and, of course, the second a possibility for fixed-dose combinations. So we think there's considerable value in both those assets, even in a very mature area like HIV.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me just – Colin, let me just – before I close, make a couple of comments on business development. So first of all, both areas, immuno-oncology and other therapeutic areas, will continue to be important internally and in terms of business development. And, as we've done when we have moved from our focus on checkpoint inhibitors into the tumor microenvironment, we will continue to look at how the science evolves in other areas within immuno-oncology. And when we see technologies or programs that are interesting and relevant to our program, we will continue to focus on business development in immuno-oncology. With respect to the other therapeutic areas, they remain the ones we've discussed before with immuno-science, cardiovascular medicines, fibrosis, and genetically defined diseases as areas where our science can be complemented by business development activities. And I don't expect that to change going forward.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So let me just close. Thank you all for participating in the call. And reiterate that, again, we had a very strong quarter. Our performance was strong from a commercial perspective. Our clinical and regulatory developments were very significant. And we are optimistic as we're moving forward into our exciting new chapter of sustained growth in a position of strength. Thanks, everyone. Have a good day.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, everybody. As always, Randy, Bill, and I will be available for any follow-ups you have.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets
Analysts: Steve M. Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. Timothy M. Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Seamus C. Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC Christopher T. Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning my name is Mike, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Bristol-Myers 2015 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to John Elicker. You may begin your conference.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks Mike. And good morning everybody, and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. With me this morning are Giovanni Caforio our Chief Executive Office; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer; Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer; and Murdo Gordon Head of our Worldwide Markets. Giovanni and Charlie will have prepared remarks, and then Francis and Murdo will be available in addition for Q&A. I'll take care of the legal requirement before I turn it over to Giovanni. During the call we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various other factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations to these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. It is a privilege to be here as CEO to lead today's call with you, and to tell you how excited I am about our future, about the opportunities we have before us. Building on our success over the past few years, we are beginning an exciting new chapter. One characterized by the opportunity for growth, for leading a transformation in the way cancer is treated, and for strengthening and expanding our diversified portfolio of specialty medicines. And we are starting this next chapter from a position of strength. We have an established proven strategy. We have a strong portfolio of marketed products. We have a promising pipeline, and exceptional talent. I am fully confident that we are well positioned to build on, and further strengthen, our leadership position in immuno-oncology through Opdivo. I'm also confident we can deliver on the promise of our portfolio and our pipeline, within immuno-oncology and beyond immuno-oncology. As I mentioned, we are about to begin a period of growth. Over the next five years, we expect growth to come primarily from Opdivo and Eliquis with important contribution from the rest of our existing portfolio of innovative medicines. With Opdivo we will leverage our leadership position in lung, melanoma and renal cancers. In non-small cell lung we are extremely well positioned, given the two positive Phase III studies demonstrating improved overall survival. In melanoma, Opdivo and Yervoy are currently marketed, and we believe the combination regimen will be an important treatment option for patients. In renal cancer the early stop of study 25 announced this Monday due to an advantage in overall survival confirms the promise of Opdivo in this important disease where unmet need remains high, and where we have a significant time advantage versus other competitors. This morning, we announced that the European Commission validated two Opdivo applications, one for non-squamous cell lung cancer and the other in combination with Yervoy for metastatic melanoma. Additionally, as you know, our Opdivo development program is extremely broad with a number of ongoing studies across many tumors. We are confident this will add to the opportunity over time. With Eliquis, given the breadth of its label and the strength of its prescription trends, we are very encouraged and look to build on our momentum. And regarding the rest of our marketed products trends are good, and we have the right resources in place to continue to compete and grow. Longer term, we are committed to diversified portfolio. This starts with, and includes, diversification within immuno-oncology, into new mechanisms and new combinations, as well as outside of I-O, in key areas such as fibrosis, heart failure, immunology and certain genetically defined diseases. Over the last several months I have reviewed our growth opportunities. And they are for us unprecedented. I have also focused on what we need to do to maximize them. And I am fully committed to making the right strategic investments. In that context, and as indicated in April, we have identified areas of incremental investment beginning in the second half of the year. Investments in commercial to make sure we are well resourced globally to compete, specifically for Opdivo, Eliquis and Elotuzumab. And investments in R&D particularly in I-O, in development to accelerate and broaden programs where possible, in early discovery to accelerate new mechanisms and combinations, and in our medical organization in terms of new data generation and increasing field medical resources. Now with respect to our second quarter. I am very pleased with our performance. Sales were strong, and we had significant and meaningful clinical and regulatory milestones in the quarter. We delivered 7% overall sales growth year-over-year, demonstrating the strength of our products across all markets. Charlie will describe key elements of our performance in more detail. Let me spend a moment on immuno-oncology. For Opdivo we have had an incredible year so far with three early study stops, significant data presented at ASCO, three filings, three approvals and commercial launches in both the U.S. and Europe. In the U.S., we are seeing early encouraging trends for Opdivo in terms of access, reimbursement and adoption, and I feel really good about where we are headed. Lung cancer is a very important opportunity for our company. We were first to market with squamous cell, and Opdivo has already been added to NCCN guidelines for non-squamous. In Europe we have received approval for Opdivo in both first and second line metastatic melanoma. Just this week, we were also approved for squamous lung cancer. While the vast majority of data from our programs seeking (8:15) in I-O today has been positive, we know that not everything we study will be successful. As evidenced by the two studies for Yervoy in prostate and small cell lung cancer that did not meet their primary endpoints. Francis can comment further as we are firmly committed to Yervoy, which is an important part of our immuno-oncology strategy in combination with Opdivo in multiple tumors. Just a couple of additional immuno-oncology highlights. In the coming weeks, we expect to complete the filing of 57 data in the U.S. and Europe. And we are working on submissions for Elotuzumab based on ELOQUENT-2. I want to spend a moment now on Hepatitis C. Here, we had a very strong second quarter. Performance was good in both Japan and Europe and we had a one-time impact from previously deferred revenues in France. Additionally, we have made significant progress in the U.S. We have filed Daklinza in combination with sofosbuvir for the treatment of genotype 3 patients, and our PDUFA date is August 13. And we plan to add supplemental filings later this year in other difficult to treat areas. The Hepatitis C market continues to evolve rapidly. Given our focused strategy and the evolving competitive landscape we do not plan to seek regulatory approval for our triple regimen or TRIO in the U.S. or Europe. We will continue to evaluate our filing strategy on a country-by- country basis and we'll make decisions based upon the specific needs of patients in each country. Going forward, we expect competitive launches later this year to affect our business, particularly in Japan. That said, we will continue to execute our HCV strategy focused on addressing the needs of specific challenging to treat HCV populations which may vary by market. So with all of that, let me now turn the floor over to Charlie who will walk you through key elements of our performance in Q2 as well as the financial implications reflected in our updated guidance.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Giovanni, and good morning everyone. As Giovanni mentioned we had a very good quarter which was driven by strong sales growth of 7%, or 16% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Overall FX had a negative impact on EPS of approximately $0.06. Let me provide a few highlights. Eliquis sales were $437 million, up 23% sequentially from the first quarter with good growth both in the U.S. and international. We continue to see strong new to brand prescription trends with both cardiologists and primary care physicians across the broad market. Opdivo sales were $122 million for the quarter. We are seeing strong performance metrics with the approval in lung cancer with encouraging early trends in terms of access, reimbursement and abandonment of chemo in second-line squamous lung cancer in the U.S. Additionally we received EU approval in both first and second line melanoma last month, and have launched in Germany where early trends are strong. And, as noted by Giovanni, we just received approval for squamous lung cancer in the EU as well. Opdivo has now been approved in over 30 countries. Yervoy sales in the U.S. were $136 million in the second quarter, a 21% decrease from prior year. Outside the U.S., sales totaled $160 million, which is a 28% increase excluding FX. As expected we are seeing an impact on Yervoy from the PD-1 class in the U.S. This will likely continue in the short term until the Opdivo plus Yervoy combination regimen is approved later this year. Longer term, we believe Yervoy could have an important role to play in combination with Opdivo in multiple tumors. Hep C sales were very strong for the quarter at $479 million. Included in sales for the quarter is a one-time positive impact of $170 million related to an early access program in France that had previously been deferred until pricing was finalized. This now happened in Q2. Hep C sales performance in Japan was strong, but as you know the competitive landscape continues to evolve. We continue to see solid growth from both Orencia and Sprycel which grew 15% and 10% respectively. HIV sales were down 14% as the HIV market is increasingly competitive and having an impact on our business. Now let me highlight a couple of items from our non-GAAP P&L. Gross margin was favorable 80 basis points compared to prior year, primarily due to positive impact from foreign exchange, partially offset by product mix related to higher sales of Eliquis and lower sales of Abilify. Compared with our first quarter gross margin is down 360 basis points. Recall that last quarter we had a one-time benefit of previously accrued royalties and a full quarter of Abilify sales. Operating expenses were somewhat higher than last year as we have been investing behind Eliquis, Hep C and Opdivo. Our tax rate for the quarter is 2 percentage points higher than last year. Our quarterly tax rate will fluctuate based on earnings mix, and remember that the R&D tax credit has yet to be passed by Congress. Now let me provide some comments on our revised guidance. For revenues we have increased our guidance range based on strong overall sales trends with our key growth products, including Eliquis, Hep C, Orencia and Opdivo. In thinking through sales for the remainder of 2015 I would like to highlight a few dynamics. In Hep C, I mentioned there was a one-time positive impact of $170 million from France. This will not recur. Additionally, Hep C will become increasingly competitive for us, particularly in Japan where we expect a significant impact on our sales going forward. And as I commented earlier on Yervoy, we are seeing an impact on the U.S. business from the PD-1 class. Also remember that we've restructured our Erbitux agreement. We expect Lilly to take over full commercialization in October at which point we will no longer book sales, but will instead record the royalties we receive in other income. I will now move on to operating expenses for the remainder of this year. As Giovanni mentioned, we are committed to making the right investments to capitalize on what we think are real growth opportunities. And as you recall, I mentioned in April that we were in the process of reviewing additional new investments. We have since made strategic choices to invest in programs that we feel are necessary to maintain the leadership position of immuno-oncology as well as to support other important growth products including Eliquis and Elotuzumab. These investments are included in our revised guidance. Commercially we are adding resources globally to fully support the launches of Opdivo and Elotuzumab and also behind Eliquis to support continued strong growth. For Opdivo we are making additional investments in R&D, medical, A&P, and we are increasing investments to accelerate Opdivo development programs where possible, and also to accelerate the development of new mechanisms and additional combination regimens. We are adding resources in our medical organization which include additional trials to generate data and also increase to field medical resources which will be important for driving awareness of Opdivo both in the U.S. and around the world. These investments are not discrete. These are programs that are beginning in the second half of this year but will continue into 2016. In summary, we are encouraged by our good clinical results and strong underlying sales trends and metrics from our key brands that are important to our future growth outlook, and in order to capitalize on our growth tonight we are making the right strategic investment. Be happy now to address your questions.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks Charlie and Giovanni. Mike, I think we are ready to go to the Q&A. And let me just remind you that in addition to Giovanni and Charlie, both Francis and Murdo are here to take any questions you might have. Mike?
Operator:  The first question is from Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve M. Scala - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. I have a couple questions. First in Bristol's all-comer trials versus its PD-L1 selected trials, is there a meaningful difference in the rate of patient enrollment? And if yes, is that due to challenge of finding patients who have that level of selectivity, or is it due to physician reluctance to do the screening for expression in the first place? And secondly, Roche implied this morning that the chemo-combo data they will show at ESMO will continue to show strong results. Has Bristol considered taking another look at chemo-combos based on Roche's continued success with those combinations? Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Well, good morning Steve. It's Francis Cuss here. So thank you very much for that question. We have not seen any difficulty in recruiting patients for any of our studies with Opdivo or indeed the combination. And certainly it's not related to the ability to look for PD-L1 expression or not. I would say as, a physician obviously the less one has to do to be able to treat the patient and really have a good idea of the benefit, that makes a lot of sense. So we are very happy that we're heading towards broad labels for the tumors we're looking at, and we've fully characterize the PD-L1 expression. Moving to the combinations with chemotherapy, we believe we have very comprehensive data set now with various chemotherapy Nivo combinations – probably with the longest follow-up in the industry. Based on our comprehensive data from CheckMate-012, combinations of Opdivo with conventional chemo regimens may sometimes achieve high and durable responses. But we've seen with longer follow-up that the survival at a year was actually no different for Opdivo combinations with chemo compared to Opdivo monotherapy. In effect what we saw was additive but non-durable response rates at the cost of additional toxicity. Now just to put this in context we showed at ASCO last time, one year survival for Opdivo mono-therapy of about 70% to 85% regardless of PD-L1 expression. So we are focused on the Opdivo Yervoy combo and we'll in addition continue to explore other scientifically driven combinations to advance our first line strategy and our position. We are additionally interested in nontraditional chemo-combo regimens including innovative approaches to sequences and maintenance. So let me just remind you, our strategy for first line is to improve survival and replace (20:31). And to do this we are exploring multiple Opdivo combinations as well as mono-therapy. And earlier I-O assets targeted therapies and chemo, both internally and externally. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Steve, let me just add to what Francis just said. This is Giovanni. With respect to your first question, we're actually very excited that we are enrolling ahead of schedule, as Francis said. And that's clearly an indicator of the interest in the first line trial with Opdivo. And with respect to your chemotherapy question, just to add again to what Francis said. What's really interesting that we are seeing in the marketplace, in the very early days of our launch in second line, is the speed at which chemotherapy is being abandoned. There's clearly concerns with the limitations in terms of long-term efficacy, and obviously the side effects are something that physicians and patients are actually being really excited about abandoning as well. So I think that's an important first early learning from the marketplace.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thank you Steve. Mike, can we go to next question please?
Operator: Next question is from Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Hi, I have three questions, if I may. Firstly I'm just interested in your reaction to the negative news in relation to the Yervoy trial in small cell lung cancer. My understanding is the tumors have very high mutational loads. Plus smokers, they may have had prior radio therapy. I mean, all of the factors that you may increase the providency of response. So any additional insights you have on that, and what it means will be interesting. Second, I saw some commentary that potentially the ARISTOTLE data may allow for approval in some sub-types of viselar (22:26) AF which is not possible for your competitors in that space. To what extent do you intend to prosecute this? And could it be used as an additional competitive tool in that market? And then finally, your guidance, although raised continues to look at more than achievable. Are there any additional headwinds that perhaps we ought to be considering that we're not taking into account? Many thanks.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning Andrew. Obviously I'm disappointed that the studies in small cell and prostate didn't meet their primary endpoints with Yervoy. And I think it's really important to say, we never expected that every I-O agent in every tumor was going be successful. But again we're here to follow the science and generate the data. Now I think it's also fair to say that based on the pre-clinical science and the promising clinical data we've seen, our strategy is rapidly evolving to studying combinations of Yervoy and Opdivo in multiple tumors. So, just to talk about small cell for a moment, we presented data at ASCO – that's the CheckMate-032 study that showed activity in platinum sensitive and resistant patients in both mono-therapy, but even more interestingly in combination. And with very good tolerability. And I think it's also important to say we've shown activity in prostate cancer with Yervoy even though we didn't actually meet our primary end points. So let me say that I think we believe in the importance of the complementary mechanism of action in I-O. We are firmly committed to Yervoy, which I think is a very important part of our combination strategy, combined with Opdivo in multiple tumors. And I think it's important to say that we're making very good progress at the moment in melanoma with validation of our EU combo filing just this week. And we have the upcoming PDUFA date at the end of September for the U.S. 069 filing. Turning to the ARISTOTLE data. I'm not going to get into the details of our regulatory strategy around this but we are looking at every opportunity to use what we believe is a very important data set. Talking to KOLs and the regulatory authorities in terms of providing additional information for this very important area.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andrew, this is Charlie. I'll briefly touch on your guidance question. We raised guidance because we feel very strongly and encouraged about our sales trends about the key products that are – not just for us now, but as we look into the future. We did have some one-off items where the French ATU, which helped us in the first half. And remember that we had Abilify in the first – basically in the first quarter that doesn't replicate. I would also mention that gross margin, the first half of the year we were averaged at 78%. I've guided to 76%. We're starting to see the unwind of the favorable foreign exchange we see in the first half. And also remember that the expenses that both Giovanni and I spoke about earlier by and large accrue to us in the second half of this year.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: And just to add on that, Andrew, I would say, as I mentioned at the beginning, we really are entering in a period of exciting growth. I am very encouraged by the fact that we have very strong clinical momentum, good progress on the regulatory front. Commercial execution is strong. And you'll see the trends for our growth products continue. Obviously Charlie described some of the dynamics in the second quarter. But we've made a decision to make a number of strategic investments at a time in which we really are in a position of strength, beginning an important phase of growth. And I think I'm really confident in how this chapter that I describe between now and 2020 will play out for us.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Andrew, for your questions. Mike can we go to the next question please?
Operator: Next question is from Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse.
Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. Thanks so much for taking the question. Two if I could. So one is you mentioned the diversification that you want to do both within I-O but also outside of I-O. And I guess my question is given how large most of us feel the I-O opportunity's going be for you, to remain well diversified outside of I-O, I'm curious if you feel you need to do some sort of larger acquisition in order to gain a presence in some of the areas that you talked about that matches up to sort of what you're going to be getting in the I-O side of things/ And then second, just you touched on this a little bit earlier, but in terms of the combination approaches in the front line setting for lung cancer. Obviously a lot of focus has been on Opdivo and Yervoy. Can you just at a high level, Francis, maybe just give us a sense of some of the other combinations that you're working on? Which ones are you most excited about? I know you have a number that are in progress. But based on your early data, kind of which ones would you say that you'd get as the most optimism for potentially giving us positive data in future? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Yes, Vamil. Thank you. This is Giovanni. Let me just answer the first question on diversification. And then Francis will make some comments on combination strategies. So my perspective is that obviously at the center of our strategy is immuno-oncology. And as I said at the beginning, when we think about the next period of growth between now and 2020, the next five years, our growth will come disproportionately from Opdivo and Eliquis. And within Opdivo, obviously there is an element of diversification as well because our staffing strategies are really focused on lung, and melanoma and renal cell. But then we are expanding into a large number of other tumor opportunities. Longer term, we believe we have an exciting early pipeline within immuno-oncology, and in a select number of areas in which we are focused that can drive our growth in the medium and the long-term. And the areas are the ones we've discussed before. So CV with a focus on heart failure, immunology, and the areas of fibrosis and genetically defined diseases. In all of those areas, we have ongoing programs which are early, but are potentially transformative. And with respect to how we complement that, our business development strategy is – does not change, and it's really the strategy that we've articulated before. I think that one of our core strength as a company is really our ability to complement internal R&D with business development. We've clearly demonstrated that in fibrosis with the recent agreements we had. And even in CV through our deal with uniQure. So you will see us continue to execute our strategy in business development to complement our internal programs there.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning. So let me just draw you back a little bit just to talk about our first line lung strategy because I think it's very important. We have two studies in first line, two registration potential studies. One in mono-therapy U026 in PD-L1 expressing patients, and this provides the quickest way to bring Opdivo to first line patients. And I think based on the data we presented at ASCO that, that we're very enthusiastic about that study. As you noted, we do have a registration study of Opdivo and Yervoy together which is started in both expressers and non-expressers of PD-L1. And that's the next likely potential positive study. So we believe that Opdivo will be foundational, and that the Nivo combos have the best potential to further improve survival, and to replace chemotherapy as Giovanni mentioned earlier. Now obviously earlier we have a LAG-3 program in combination with Nivo that's in early stage testing. We hope to see some data on that next year. And behind that, we have a bold initiative to bring forward six additional assets into the clinic in the next 18 months. And some of these would be certainly natural to expect to combine with the Nivolumab. So we have a near medium and long-term opportunity to look at different approaches to first line lung cancer and replace chemotherapy. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Great. Thank you Vamil for the questions. Mike, can we go to the next one please?
Operator: Next question is from Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Charlie, this is for you. First are you signaling higher levels of investment spending now because you think that the opportunity set for I-O is even bigger than you had originally imagined? Or is it because the market has become more competitive? And secondly, can you commit to investors that we will see significant bottom line leverage? Because it sounds like you're pushing that out a bit. Is that the right way to look into this? Is that going to be next year? Is it going be in 2017? And again does the renewed higher level of spend delay the margin leverage or does it actually accelerate the margin leverage? Or strengthen it rather. Thanks very much.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jami. I think the I-O opportunity as we see it, with the continued good clinical outcomes, stoppage of trials. I think we mostly see it as our opportunity to just continue to reinforce our leadership position in I-O. Clearly we recognize that I-O is immensely competitive and that has a small factor, but I think it's largely due to how we see our competitive position within the overall I-O space. As it relates to the bottom line and how we potentially see leverage. To seize on that opportunity as we continue to see the evolution of that, and not only that, but our performance in the market, we see that it's required to continue to invest to maximize that opportunity. And I don't necessarily see that the leverage – I can't comment on 2016, but as I look further out to the back end of this decade, I will see that that will ultimately improve our leverage.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Let me just, Jami, just further reinforce the point that Charlie has made. When you look at our immuno-oncology opportunity there is very strong momentum from a clinical perspective. I think it's fair to say our strategies have been validated clearly this year. There is extremely good execution from a regulatory perspective, not only in the U.S. but in Europe and internationally as well. Commercial execution is strong. The early indicators are encouraging. And I think that our decision to incrementally invest is really one that starts from our position of strength, and the confidence we have in the magnitude of the opportunity in the medium and in the long term. And as I said at the beginning, for us this is an unprecedented set of opportunities, and we're making the right investments behind them. Obviously we are very conscious of the comment you made with respect to leverage and increased profitability. And I think as we look at this period we see that happening, as Charlie said.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Jami. Mike, can we go to the next question please?
Operator: Next question is from Tim Anderson with Bernstein.
Timothy M. Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. A few questions on immuno-oncology. Can you talk about how you think the PD-L1 bio marker will play out in Europe, in the near or intermediate term? There's been several companies that have commented that they think European payers and maybe even regulators will be more aggressive in pushing the bio marker as a kind of a treatment decision tool in lung cancer. Second question is in first line lung in PD-L1 negative patients. Do you see any opportunity for PD mono-therapy? Or at this point is it really only looking like combination is going to be the path forward again in bio marker negative patients? The reason I ask is obviously there's some divergence in how it seems to be working in second line, versus how it may work in first line. And then Opdivo pricing in Germany. Can you just mention where you are relative to the U.S.?
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Yes. Tim, let me just start on the first part of the question. Murdo will further expand on Europe, including the pricing in Germany, and then Francis can answer your comments on first line. I think we're in a very, very strong position globally in having a data set across all patient populations that enable us to describe to physicians and patients and payers, the role of bio markers. And I think it is important that our strategy there has been validated. The roll of biomarkers is different, it depends on the line of therapy, it depends on the tumor. But we have the right data sets to have those discussions. We are receiving strong feedback from physicians including in Europe regarding our strategy. And I'll ask Murdo to give you some more insights there.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Yes, thanks, Giovanni. Thanks, Tim, for the question. We are as Giovanni highlighted hearing from European thought leaders that consistent with some of the perspective of U.S. thought leaders post ASCO, that the role of PD-L1 is unclear in selecting patients. So that consistent perspective has been played back. That being said, given the nature of the healthcare systems across Europe, we could end up in discussions with payers in Europe where they are seeking to restrict Opdivo in second line patients in lung cancer. So we will work obviously very closely with each of the payers in Europe to help them understand the full breadth of the data as Giovanni has highlighted. We are in a position to describe the efficacy of Opdivo across a broad range of second line patients, across a broad range of histologies. In Germany we've been fortunate, we've had a very quick start. As you know, reimbursement is not a barrier to initial launch in Germany. And we have a tacked (37:48) well, a public price of €7,421 roughly per month, and that was listed July 15.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Tim. I think it's absolutely clear that the bar is higher in first line because of the benefits seen with double-up therapy. And as a result, we have focused on the PD-L1 monotherapy population and our combination therapy – sorry, our Yervoy Nivo combination study, we have looked predominantly at that. That being said, we do believe we've seen some interesting data we've presented at ASCO in terms of durable responses in PD-L1 negative patients in first line. Don't think we've got to a point yet where we're comfortable understanding whether it's appropriate to go directly against the platinum doublers (38:47), but of course there's lots of other combinations too, as I mentioned. Beyond IPI/Nivo there are earlier I-O assets, target therapies and these nontraditional chemo-combo regimens I talked about. So I think there's a lot of opportunity. We're looking at all of them. But we're leading off with the Yervoy Opdivo combination in the negative patient population. That's the nearest term for us. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: And Tim, we feel very strongly about our first line lung strategy. As we said at the beginning in answering the first question, the enrollment of the monotherapy trial in PD-L1 positive ahead of schedule. As you know we've posted the combo trial on ClinicalTrials.gov, and that study on the combination is one that is clearly very, very important for us. As you know, we've done a lot of early work in that space in understanding the regimen, the combination regimen that can be most effective in patients in lung cancer. And I think you'll see some of that data when we go to the lung, the World Lung meeting in September from further analysis of Study 12.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks Tim for the questions. Mike, can we go to the next one please?
Operator: Next question is from John Boris with SunTrust.
John T. Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks for taking the questions. First one just Opdivo related on renal cancer. Just any – I know it's probably early since you just top-lined, but any thoughts around the publication and presentation strategy along with your regulatory strategy for renal? In addition, would seem like – can we get an update on your hematology glioblastoma multiforme head and neck trials. It seems as though those trials seem to be enrolling with potentially data sometime in 2016. So any update there? On HCV on the $170 million, can you provide any update on what the price was per patient that you secured in the French market? And then lastly on Eliquis, just any quantitative metrics that you have on the new to brand share in cardiology and primary care would be helpful? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Sure. So why don't Francis start with your questions on renal and hematology and then we'll take the Hep C questions.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, John. We were obviously very excited when the study was stopped early based on the top line data from the interim analysis. And the fact that Opdivo demonstrated an improvement in overall survival versus the standard of care (41:26) we believe from previous studies is just about unique. Can't talk more about the data before it's presented, but I will say we're working with the investigators on a future presentation and a publications results as soon as possible. As far as the – our regulatory strategy I'm not going to go into detail, but I think as you've seen we've shown recently in melanoma in lung we can work together and very quickly with the FDA and other health authorities. And we'll be looking to submit that data as soon as possible. Let me just talk about the other data that might be coming out. I think in addition to the nine registration studies in the last year that we've had positive data, we have a further 25 either ongoing or planned. You mentioned some of them. As we look forward, obviously it depends on the data, although I will say recruitment is going well, but we may see information next year in 2016 in Hodgkins, non-Hodgkins lymphoma and bladder potentially. And potentially some others. So it's going be – we're going to continue seeing differentiated data, which is what we're trying to do. But I think in the near term, with all the differentiated data we've had, we're certainly focusing on getting those submissions in and getting the broadest label we can as quickly as possible.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: And, John, the other question you asked regarding the ATU in France it's a program that was open from beginning of March until the end of October. We accrued roughly 4,000 patients in that program. And the price for a 12 week supply was €25,500, and that's public.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Great. Thanks John, for the questions. Can we go to the next one, Mike, please?
Operator: Next question is from Mark Schoenebaum with Evercore ISI.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Oh, hey guys, just a couple questions. One, on World Lung we're obviously going to see the updated data from the Nivo/IPI Phase II that presumably informed the dose selection for Phase III. And I was wondering, I realize you can't give us any data, but I was just wondering if we would see one year overall survival data from the Phase III regimens. And if so, should we hold those data to the benchmark that you provided for Nivo monotherapy which you stated was 70% to 85% overall survival in the first line setting? And second of all, this has sort of been asked by other analysts, so I don't mean to be redundant, but there's been so much deal activity out there this year, especially gobbling up some of these biotechs. And you guys have chosen generally speaking to do smaller stuff. I'm just wondering is that because – is that your strategy to kind of do generally speaking smaller stuff, or do you feel that there's a valuation disconnect in this mid-cap biotech universe? I ask this because an hour ago John Lechleiter over at Lilly actually stated on his earnings call that he thinks mid-cap biotech is in a bubble. Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Mark. First of all, as you say, you'll be glad to hear – finally you will be hearing about the 012 data on the combination. These are the combinations, the regimens that we have taken forward into our trial, the 227 trial. I will say we're excited about it. We've consulted obviously with thought leaders and they also recommend that we should go forward with these. I'm not going to talk specifically about the regimens, but what I will say is these are pretty large studies, of large numbers of patients for an early study, approximately 50 per group. We have data on all patients up to about six months, but obviously as you appreciate as these mature, some of them are further out and they will continue to inform going forward. But I'm afraid you'll have to wait for specifics until it's presented.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Mark, on business development. Let me just reiterate what I said before, our strategy does not change. We are indifferent with the size of the opportunities, but I will ask Charlie to comment further.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would just say that, John, we have a lot of balance sheet flexibility to do deals of various sizes. I think our sweet spot if you look back historically has been in the smaller type deal. I wouldn't necessarily say that that's all we look at. We look at a number of things. As it relates to mid-cap biotech prices, if you look at how they've performed over the last several years comparative to larger cap pharma or to the S&P, significantly outpaced. So there is a significant valuation. I'd hate to call it a bubble, because who knows how long this may last. But it is, I would say, well out-performed the market.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Mark, for questions. Can we go to next one, please, Mike?
Operator: Next question is from Seamus Fernandez with Leerink.
Seamus C. Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks. I have a couple of questions. So first, as we think about the CheckMate – 012 data, Francis can you just give us just generally what features really drove the recommendation internally and by your thought leaders to really utilize this data set, the 012 data set? Because I think we're all wondering how should we think about this and how did it inform 227? In terms of response rate, survival duration, depth of response, what were the features that you think were differentiated? Separately, your comments on the data sets in combination with chemotherapy are helpful, but when might we actually see that data really showing the diminution of the durable responses over time? And then the last question just in terms of how uptake is actually occurring in the market today, what data, if you do have it available, can you share with us with regard to the mix? So what percentage of Opdivo patients are melanoma patients? What percent are squamous lung, and what percent are non-squamous? And then if I could just one final question. There was a second kidney cancer study that announced data and provided the data in their press release with regard to overall survival. How do you see Opdivo competing with that asset, Cabozantinib, in the public market? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Seamus, why don't we start with the – your questions on 012 and lung broadly for Francis, then we'll go to Opdivo uptake and, Murdo will give you some insights there.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Okay. So good morning, Seamus. So when we look at the data set we have, where obviously the focus is really on maintaining the kind of efficacy we've seen in the combination, but wanting to get as close in terms of tolerability to Nivo monotherapy. And so the first thing to look at in these two will be the tolerability. As far as the efficacy's concerned, as you know, we've focused pretty much on the durability of responses, or overall survival, or one year landmark survival. And as I said we had six months survival for all patients in this study and it's maturing. So it's really about this therapeutic index both tolerability and efficacy. In terms of the chemo data I believe we have presented some of that. Obviously as is important with these exploratory studies the data matures and continues to become more informative with time. Can't tell you exactly when we will be presenting it but we will be sometime in the future. And just an R&D comment on the Cabo data. Obviously we haven't seen the full data set but I think if you look at our Phase II monotherapy data for Opdivo in renal cell, I think we showed superior efficacy to TKI's [tyrosine kinase inhibitors] with also TKI – sorry, with superiority in terms of tolerability also.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Murdo?
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: And, Seamus, your question regarding uptake, we're really excited about what we're seeing in the market with Opdivo. The initial launch in melanoma was a strong launch. Obviously in second line what we are seeing now is that we are about at parity with Keytruda in the community setting, and we're gaining good market share in the institutional setting. I will say in melanoma we're also seeing some off label usage since ASCO of PD-1 inhibitors in front line, as you recall from Charlie and Giovanni's remarks that's put some pressure on Yervoy, but Opdivo is seeing lift in a non-promoted setting there. And in lung we've really had a very rapid penetration of the squamous second line market. We're getting about two-thirds of new patients there, and that happened very rapidly. And then since NCCN updated June 12 post-ASCO we've also seen a very nice uptick in lung overall. Clearly that's another off label indication given that we're only promoting in squamous right now. So I would say very soon we'll see lung eclipsing our melanoma business and we'll see some nice growth out of Opdivo this year.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Yea. So it's early days but the trends we are seeing are really encouraging. I should say that our launch in Germany as we mentioned before is off to a really strong start as well. It's even earlier there but execution so far has been very strong.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Thanks, Seamus, for the questions. Can we go to the next one please, Mike?
Operator: Next question is from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Christopher T. Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much. Just a couple additional follow-up commercial questions on Opdivo. Can you just elaborate a little bit more in terms of the lung adoption so far? Just where are you seeing that in terms of community versus some of the major kind of medical centers? Are you seeing good community uptake already in lung? Or is that still to come? Second, on the European side of things, just can you elaborate how you're thinking about the ramp ultimately in Europe? Any other hurdles we should think about? Just how should we just think about the broader dynamics beyond Germany over time? And then the final question was just on the non-traditional chemo dosing with Opdivo in lung. Just any more color of specifically what you're looking at there and when we could see any initial data? Thanks so much.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: So, Chris, let me take the first couple of questions and then I'll pass it over to Francis for your last one. In the U.S. we are seeing very balanced uptake. So we're seeing very rapid adoption in second line squamous in the community and in the academic setting. As you may recall, we did a large amount of education around immuno-oncology when we launched Yervoy and I think having a broad understanding of how the immune check point inhibitors work, the safety profile being particularly good with Nivolumab has helped us have a very rapid penetration in the community. And so I think we'll expect that to continue with broadening indications. In Europe, we're very encouraged by what we've seen as Giovanni mentioned in Germany. I would say that the enthusiasm and interest in second line squamous and in first and second line melanoma is very high. I think obviously as you know the rate limiter in many European markets will be how quickly we can secure market access, and we have a lot of people on the ground working very closely with the payers and reimbursement authorities across Europe to expedite that as best as possible while still securing a good reimbursement price.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: So I would say you'll probably see obviously, as always in Europe, a very similar sequence as we saw for Yervoy and we see for other new products with rapid launch and uptake in countries where that process is short. But continuing significant number of launches over the next 12 months to 18 months across all European markets.
Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Good morning, Chris. So the thinking really behind the sequencing is, there's sort of two potential hypotheses. One is that you might generate more antigens from cytotoxicity of the tumor, and that might be a good thing, and you might want to get that in before the I-O. The opposite one is that you might actually be causing some immune suppression with chemotherapy, and actually reducing the benefits of I-O. And, of course, what we have seen is probably better one-year survival in our exploratory studies in first line with Opdivo than with second line. Might be other features involved with that, too. So we think it's very important to understand, as we are with I-O agents, the sequence and actually explore exactly what the right approach to this might be. Those studies are ongoing. We don't have any plans at the moment – we have no data, but no plans to present yet. But obviously sometime in the future we will be doing that. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Great. Thanks, Chris, for the questions. Mike, I think we have time for one more. We're at the bottom of the hour here.
Operator: The last question is from Gregg Gilbert with Deutsche Bank.
Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Just a couple quick ones. First, Giovanni, just so I'm clear on your theme of diversification which has been quite clear since you took over. It sounds like you think the portfolio will naturally diversify as it is now, combined with your pipeline and licensing efforts. Am I missing something? Are you suggesting that Bristol needs to do more of something to diversify faster than it already is? I just want to be clear on that. And my second question on Opdivo. I'm curious if any payers have tried to get you into a contracting environment yet with two similar therapies out there now, albeit with different data sets, and others to come. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Okay, let me comment quickly on the diversification issue. I think that when we look at our business, the period between now and 2020, the next five years, the growth as I said is clearly – will clearly come disproportionately from the growth of Opdivo and the potential of Eliquis. Within Opdivo there is a degree of diversification. Long term as we think about a second cycle, we are thinking about our early pipeline generating opportunities that are more diversified for us within immune-oncology, because as Francis mentioned, we have clearly assets in the clinics; we're bringing six more assets into the clinic. So there is an element of diversification which is already within immuno-oncology, but then we have exciting early programs in the other areas. So it is a concept that does not require us to change our approach, and in fact what I mentioned at the beginning, importantly, is that our business development strategy remains pretty much the same. Let me ask Murdo to make – to give you some perspective on payers.
Murdo Gordon - Senior Vice President & Head-Worldwide Markets: Thanks, Giovanni. Thanks, Gregg. We've really been fortunate with the quality of data that have been generated behind Opdivo. The value that we've been able to establish for patients with metastatic melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer, and I think that's been recognized by payers. We've established very broad and very rapid access in the U.S. The breadth of indications that we hope will follow will also further strengthen our ability to weather any attempt that any payers may have to try to restrict these agents, which is very difficult to do in the oncology area with drugs like Opdivo with overall survival benefits. So we feel very good about our current access and our ability to sustain that going forward.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: So thanks, everyone. Let me just close the call and say again, we had a very strong quarter. We have good momentum with our long-term growth drivers, significant clinical progress, strong regulatory developments, very good commercial execution and trends in the marketplace. We are making the right investments. It is clear to me that we are well on our way and entering an exciting period of growth for the company. So thanks everyone. And have a good day.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Investor Relations: Okay. Thanks, everybody. Mike, that's going to conclude the call. As always, if you have follow-ups you can reach me or Randy or Bill later today or tomorrow. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Executive Officer Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Francis M. Cuss - Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer
Analysts: Seamus C. Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher T. Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co. Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets (United States) David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Marc Goodman - UBS Securities LLC Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Eric, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Bristol-Myers 2015 first quarter results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. Thank you. Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President of Public Affairs and Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. I know it's a busy morning with several companies reporting, so appreciate your time. With me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; Giovanni Caforio, Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer; and Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer. Lamberto, Giovanni, and Charlie will have prepared remarks, and then we'll go to your questions. Before I turn it over to Lamberto, let me take care of the Safe Harbor language. During this call we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Well, this is my last earnings call as CEO of Bristol-Myers Squibb, and I'm pleased that my last full quarter was one of our best. Over the past few years, we have evolved and strengthened our company, we have delivered on our strategy, and we have set a solid foundation for our future, building a robust product portfolio innovative pipeline that positions us well for the future. As a result, Bristol-Myers Squibb is now in a very strong position. And during the last quarter, we had solid performance across much of our portfolio, as well as important clinical and regulatory developments. I just want to note how excited we are that Opdivo became the first PD-1 inhibitor approved for lung cancer in the U.S., and that a positive opinion was adopted last week in Europe for melanoma. These were not just important milestones for our company. These are important developments that have potential to improve the lives of thousands of lung cancer patients in the U.S. and melanoma patients in Europe. Giovanni and Charlie will walk you through the highlights of the quarter in just a moment. But before they do it, I just want to say again that I feel very good about what we have done to transform Bristol-Myers Squibb into a diversified specialty biopharma company. And I also feel very good that Giovanni will be my successor as CEO. He's a trained physician, a global business leader with broad industry experience, and a senior BMS executive who has been instrumental in driving the execution of our strategy over the past several years. There is no question that Giovanni is the right person at the right time and will bring to the position the right mix of experience, passion, vision, and energy. And lastly, I'm looking forward to my new role as Chairman of the Board. Again, it's a bittersweet transition in that I will miss working alongside Jim Cornelius, who has played a transformative role at BMS for the past several years, but I'm glad that I will be able to continue to work with the board and Giovanni and his leadership team. And with that, I will turn the floor over to Giovanni and Charlie. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Thank you, Lamberto, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by thanking Lamberto for his kind words of support and for his years of leadership. I, too, am glad that we will continue working together. So as Lamberto noted, we just finished a very good quarter. Performance across the organization was strong, and we had some very important clinical and regulatory advances in our immuno-oncology portfolio. During the first quarter, we delivered 6% sales growth. Excluding the impact from our diabetes divestiture, we delivered a 10% increase over the first quarter last year. This was due to solid double-digit growth across our new and in-line brands. Here are some highlights. First, regarding Eliquis, we continued to see strong performance. We had $355 million in global sales in the first three months of the year, with good growth in both cardiology and primary care. This is more than double the first quarter of last year. Along with our alliance partner Pfizer, we continue to focus on our goal of establishing Eliquis as the leading oral anticoagulant within its approved indications. In the U.S., Eliquis is now the number one anticoagulant in new-to-brand prescriptions among cardiologists and the number one anticoagulant across all physicians for atrial fibrillation. In addition to progress in atrial fibrillation, the label expansion into VD (6:00) has helped our performance overall. Internationally, our business was very strong. In Europe, Eliquis trends across most markets remained very positive. And we are also doing well in Japan, where Eliquis is the number one anticoagulant in new-to-brand prescriptions across all prescribers. Regarding hepatitis C, global sales were strong at $264 million, primarily driven by the performance of our Daklinza-Sunvepra combination regimen in Japan. In Europe, we have launched in several markets, and commercial execution has been good despite increased competition. In the U.S., we completed our resubmission of Daklinza to the FDA in February for genotype 3 patients, and we have a PDUFA date in Q3. We also have presented interesting data on the combination of Daklinza with Sovaldi in HIV co-infected patients, as well as more recently in cirrhotic and post-transplant patients. Moving to immuno-oncology, we had a very good quarter, commercially as well as in R&D. Let me first talk about Yervoy. Yervoy continues to do well, with global net sales for the quarter of $325 million, a 20% increase over the same period last year. We had strong performance across all geographies. In the U.S., we saw growth in the community setting, while internationally, growth was driven by first line. As we continue to advance our immuno-oncology portfolio, Yervoy certainly remains an important treatment option for patients. However, as we have mentioned before, the introduction of new immuno-oncology agents, such as Opdivo in melanoma, will likely create some variability in Yervoy sales. We're also looking at Yervoy in earlier stages of melanoma. We recently announced the filing of study 029, in which Yervoy showed a benefit in adjuvant treatment for patients with stage 3 melanoma who are at high risk of recurrence. And we just presented data from study 069 at the AACR conference, which showed encouraging data of the combination of the Yervoy plus Opdivo. We believe that this regimen has the potential to further transform the treatment of melanoma, and we are anticipating a submission to the FDA by midyear. Regarding Opdivo, as Lamberto mentioned, the last few months have been very exciting for all of us at BMS, but most importantly for patients across multiple tumors. In addition to the early U.S. approval in melanoma late last year and the early approval in second-line squamous lung cancer in early March, we recently announced the early stoppage of study 057, the Phase III study of Opdivo in second-line non-squamous lung cancer. Opdivo has once again demonstrated a survival advantage over the standard of care in advanced lung cancer, and we will be providing this data to health authorities as quickly as possible. With the early approval in lung cancer, we are the first PD-1 to market in this area of high unmet need. Our commercial organization was ready, and we were able to start treating patients within 48 hours. It has been very encouraging to see that we have nearly 100% access for Opdivo in the approved indications, and we are seeing an acceleration of usage in both the academic and community setting. In addition to the U.S. approvals, just last week the European Medicines Agency adopted a positive opinion recommending that Opdivo be granted approval for use in patients with metastatic melanoma. This is the first positive opinion from the CHMP for a PD-1 therapy and will now be reviewed by the European Commission, which typically renders a decision within 60 days. And we are hopeful that we could be approved in lung cancer in the EU by the end of the year. There is more to come with our immuno-oncology portfolio. ASCO will be an important meeting for us. We will be presenting two Phase III overall survival studies in lung cancer: study 017, and, we are excited to say, we were able to secure a spot for study 057, too. In addition to new data on lung cancer, we are looking forward to presenting new data in melanoma, more mature data from ongoing renal studies, and data in new tumor types such as hepatocellular carcinoma, small-cell lung cancer, and glioblastoma. We will also be presenting the results for the elotuzumab Phase III study in relapsed refractory multiple myeloma, and we expect to continue to have important data readouts over the next 12 to 18 months in several tumor types. So, taken together, we are very pleased with our first quarter results: strong commercial performance; important clinical, regulatory, and business development advances. This balanced approach, driving results today while laying the foundation for tomorrow, continues to serve us well. And with that, I will turn the floor over to Charlie, who can provide more specifics around our Q1 results.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Giovanni. Good morning, everyone. As Lamberto and Giovanni mentioned, we had a very good quarter, which was driven by strong sales growth of 6%, or 13% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Overall, FX had a slightly negative impact on EPS of about $0.01. Despite headwind from FX, we had a strong sales performance from our key growth drivers, including Eliquis, Yervoy, and hep C. In addition, Sprycel and Orencia both had a good quarter, each up 10% compared to Q1 last year. Sales of Opdivo were $40 million for the quarter, which included some inventory stocking. Overall, while early, we're seeing encouraging trends. With Abilify, our U.S. sales in Q1 were higher than prior quarters due to the way revenues are shared in our agreement with Otsuka. The formula is based on a tiered structure, and as our rights to Abilify in the U.S. expired in April, all of the U.S. revenues we record this year are at the 50% tier as compared with the blended annual rate of 33% for all of last year. You may have seen that we recently agreed to transfer our North American Erbitux rights to Lilly. We will continue to commercialize Erbitux and book sales until the transition to Lilly, which we expect will be completed in the fourth quarter. After the transition, Lilly will pay us royalties on net sales, which will be accounted for as other income. The transaction is not expected to have a significant impact on our non-GAAP earnings. Gross margin was 80% during the quarter, up 410 basis points compared to the same period last year. The favorability was mostly due to the FX impact on international inventories sold. If rates remain constant, we expect this favorability in gross margin to normalize. Gross margin was also impacted by a one-time benefit from a restructured royalty agreement. A&P and MS&A were both down versus prior year, due in part to FX and lower spending on diabetes and Abilify. This was partially offset by increased investments in key brands, including Eliquis, Yervoy, Opdivo, and our hep C franchise. R&D expenses were down about 5%, primarily due to timing of R&D spend and FX. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 21% during the quarter, which does not include the R&D tax credit, as it's not been extended yet in 2015. This was an active quarter for business development, as we continually look for opportunities that can help deliver long-term growth within our core areas of interest. Within I-O, we recently added two new programs that expand our portfolio with the acquisition of the IDO and TDO program from Flexus, and the in-license of the TGF beta program from Rigel. With these programs, we add compounds that address the tumor microenvironment, which we think can act synergistically with our I-O assets in multiple tumor types. We are also expanding our specialty portfolio through business development. Our recent agreement with uniQure brings us exclusive access to uniQure's gene therapy technology platform for multiple targets in cardiovascular diseases, including a program for congestive heart failure. The agreement also allows us to collaborate in other therapeutic areas. Moving to guidance, we are adjusting our non-GAAP EPS guidance range to $1.60 to $1.70. This range assumes current foreign exchange rates and continuation of the R&D tax credit in 2015. When setting guidance in January, we expected a negative impact of $0.12 to $0.14 on full-year EPS due to FX rates at that time. Our updated guidance range incorporates an additional $0.02 negative impact based on current FX rates. While we are not changing line item guidance, in thinking about operating expenses for the remainder of the year, we are very enthusiastic about our position in I-O and are committed to maximizing our opportunity. And, as you might expect, we are continuously evaluating new investment opportunities, and we have identified several, both commercially and within R&D, that are in the process of being reviewed. Now we'd be happy to address your questions.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Okay. Eric, I think we're ready to go to the Q&A. And, just as a reminder, in addition to Lamberto, Giovanni, and Charlie, Francis is here to handle any questions you might have. So, Eric, with that, if we can go to the questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Seamus Fernandez with Leerink. Your line is open.
Seamus C. Fernandez - Leerink Partners LLC: Oh, thanks very much. So just a couple of quick questions. First off, as we look forward to the launch of Opdivo potentially more broadly in lung cancer, can you just talk a little bit about when you would anticipate potentially filing in non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer? You certainly had your data available to the agency very quickly from CheckMate-017. Second question, can you talk a little bit about the – what you feel the importance of a biomarker is, and maybe just compare and contrast the PD-L1 biomarker and its relevance to response rate versus overall survival? And then the last question. Charlie, you had a very interesting comment there about BD and potential additional commercial opportunities. Is this the timeframe within which you think it's time to execute on potentially a more meaningful transaction to really broaden out the product portfolio? Thanks so much.
Francis M. Cuss - Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer: Well, good morning, Seamus. I must say it's been an incredibly exciting last few months for Opdivo, as you've heard, for our company, for R&D, and importantly for patients. I must say I'm particularly gratified that the many strategic choices we made two, three years ago, that shaped our development program, are now coming to fruition. For our initial tumors, we focused on lung as well as the traditional immunological tumors melanoma and renal cell, and we initiated broad programs in these tumors and characterized the benefit in terms of overall survival in Phase III studies, going head to head with chemotherapy when it's standard of care. We built optionality into our trials. To accelerate the results, we moved quickly to explore the combination therapy. Now the recent positive data from these studies in lung and melanoma, including combination therapy, together with the early U.S. approval in melanoma late last year, the rapid approval in lung cancer and advanced squamous non-small cell lung cancer in early March, and last week the positive opinion in the EU for Opdivo with a broad label in melanoma, really I believe puts us in a very strong competitive position. So moving your question on 057, we're very excited about the data, which you've heard will be presented at ASCO. I can't comment specifically on the submission. There are a number of steps we need to take to complete the analysis for the submission, and we're working as quickly as possible to share these data, of course, with the regulators around the world. But, as we've shown recently, we are confident that we'll work together and as quickly as possible with the FDA and other health authorities to broaden our label and to bring Opdivo to non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer patients as soon as is practical. Now, moving to your PD-L1 biomarker question, I want to remind you that from the beginning, our strategy has been to characterize the PD-L1 expression in a broad population as possible so that as many patients as possible can benefit from I-O therapy. Now, our scientific goals have been two-fold: to learn about the relationship between PD-L1 expression and clinical outcomes, importantly, as you said – or as you asked – overall survival as well as objective response, and also to understand the science underlying PD-L1 expression in tumors and how it's affected by various factors, including Yervoy and Opdivo. I think you'll have to wait until ASCO to hear more specific information about the relationship between objective response and overall survival, but I will say we're very excited about the fact that we're the only company that really has been able to show that relationship. Because, as well as the total population, we have done sub-analyses looking at PD-L1 positive and negative in both squamous – in both studies in second line, squamous and non-squamous. So I just wanted to – let me finish by saying we continue to design studies to include all patients regardless of PD-L1 status, and we will follow the science and the clinical data that we generate regarding the use of this biomarker. I think it's important, to my final point, to say we have developed a high-quality, validated diagnostic test with data which will be quickly available, should we need it either for approval or labeling. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Executive Officer: So – Charlie, you will obviously elaborate on BD. But it is clear that our strategy on business development has not changed over the last years. We continue to look at opportunities. We continue to look at opportunities of different size, as long as they make financial sense and they give us the possibility of expanding our pipeline and our portfolio. Size is not the main element of judgment or the main element of selection. It's more the fit with our portfolio and our pipeline. So the moment is always mature for good business development opportunities.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, thanks, Seamus. As Lamberto said, nothing's really changed regarding our BD strategy. We've been fairly consistent with that, in that BD remains a top priority for the company as we recognize that innovation must be sourced not just internally but externally as well. And as Lamberto said, we're agnostic around size, and we're also very good at looking at different structures that suits the – our partners. And also, and very importantly, we're very disciplined around what we think makes strategic sense for us, as well as good science. And of course the financial metrics have to all tie it all together.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Great. Eric, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Gilbert with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Gregg Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, hi. Firstly on Opdivo, I was curious if you're seeing use of Opdivo for squams and non-squams at this point? And as part of that, or as a follow-on to that, is there any evidence that payers will differentiate between I-O agents that have OS data versus those that do not? Obviously, that should matter to physicians and patients, but wondering if there's a payer angle there. And second line of questioning is around Eliquis. Given that some time has passed and the drug is ramping nicely and there's a change in leadership coming here, I just thought I'd re-ask about whether your efforts in Eliquis are leveragable in the future on products beyond Eliquis, and perhaps whether it's profitable at this point or not. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Sure. Thank you, Gregg. Good morning. This is Giovanni. Let me just answer the Opdivo question first, and then I'll go to Eliquis. With respect to Opdivo, as we mentioned earlier, we were approved in lung cancer, squamous second-line lung cancer, at the beginning of March. We had obviously ensured that despite the very rapid regulatory review, that our teams were fully resourced and ready to launch. We were ready to launch right away. We actually started treating patients within 48 hours. I think what has happened since launch is very encouraging and reinforces our belief in the potential of Opdivo in lung cancer. We've seen, at this point, virtually 100% access with no barriers within approved indications by any payers. We've seen a lot of interest in our data, and we are seeing a rapid increase in penetration in both the academic institutions and the community. One of the things that we look at is, as a leading indicator of performance, is really how our trialists grow. And we are seeing week over week a really good trend in terms of trialists. With respect to our performance, I would also say we are really looking at what we call the dynamic segment in terms of new patients coming on therapy. And we're very pleased that we are actually at this point at approximately a 50% share in value of the PD-1 market right now. To your question regarding usage beyond the label, all I can say obviously is we are promoting within our two labeled and approved indications, and we are seeing that approximately 75% of claims are really in label with respect to the totality of our business at this point. So what we are seeing really reinforces our belief that the data is very strong. There is a lot of interest in it. Obviously we think survival data and the ability to promote a Phase III randomized trial with survival data, which is clearly a hard endpoint, resonates extremely well with providers and payers. And to Eliquis, let me just echo your comments: The performance is very strong. We had a really good quarter. We had a good quarter in the U.S., where we continue to see growth in both our TRx share and our new-to-brand prescription share. We were able to grow both TRx and NBRx by approximately 20% in the quarter compared to other brands, which declined during the same period. And we also saw really good performance internationally with Japan, Germany, and all key markets in Europe. Eliquis is a very important asset for us. It is growing to be a really important product. And obviously, as you know, cardiovascular is one of our priority areas. We have a number of early programs in cardiovascular disease. We actually, as Charlie mentioned, signed an agreement with uniQure, which has a potential target in heart failure. So Eliquis is one product, but we are committed to the area.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Thanks for the questions, Gregg. Can we go to the next one, please, Eric?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Schott of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Christopher T. Schott - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much. Just a couple here. Just following the data we saw for Yervoy and Opdivo at AACR and what seems to be a really nice bump versus kind of just monotherapy PD-1, can you just elaborate a little bit more where you see the combo fitting into the treatment paradigm? And, just as we think about price for the combo, do you think that's going be any type of rate-limiting factor in terms of adoption ultimately when we think about that market? My second question was on your IDO. Just – can you elaborate a little bit more in terms of what differentiation you see with the product that you require here versus others in development and just the timelines we should watch in terms of when the product could move forward? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Chris, good morning. Let me just start with the combo. Obviously the data we presented at AACR was very positive in terms of the high response rate, and I believe what was really exciting is not only the response rate in the range of 60%, but also that over 20% of patients have a complete response. So we continue to believe that the use of the combination of Yervoy and Opdivo can really transform melanoma, because obviously the difference we are seeing in terms of the response rate translates into the potential for survival for a significant number of patients in a disease that progresses very rapidly. The other point that I would like to make is that we are reassured by the fact that physicians are able to manage the side effect profile of Yervoy in over 80% of cases with the treatment algorithms that we've used since the launch of Yervoy, and that a significant percentage of even those patients that may stop therapy early, almost 70% actually see responses. So we think there is a lot of value in the regimen. And obviously as we get ready to present some data from the Phase III study 067 at ASCO, we are very focused on that. From the perspective of price, I think that our experience is that payers and providers are very interested in data that demonstrates significant incremental value for patients. That clearly was our experience with Yervoy from the very beginning, and obviously we believe it continues to be what makes a difference there. It's important to remember that obviously the induction phase with Yervoy is something that physicians are very familiar with, and obviously the maintenance phase with Opdivo beyond the first 12 weeks is really something that is only happening for patients that have responders. And, as you know, there is a very high value in terms of potential survival in the long term toward response that payers traditionally have been very receptive to.
Francis M. Cuss - Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer: Chris, good morning. Let me say, based on our experience with Opdivo and Yervoy in combination, the science from our internal program and our external collaborations, we believe that in addition to checkpoint inhibition, of course, which we have a great interest and expertise in, understanding and modulating the tumor micro-environment, which is where IDO plays, is going play an important role in how we continue to expand the benefits of I-O to additional patients. Specifically around the Flexus asset, we have now had a chance to look at the data following the successful completion of the HSR process, we're very happy with what we've seen. I'm not going go into the specifics at the moment about what differentiates it. But it's a very – it's an exciting lead compound, but also represents a program in IDO and behind it programs in IDO TDO (31:40). All of which, together with some other areas in the tumor micro-environment, we think is going be very important. As far as timing, we're moving well towards filling the data we need for an IND, and we're hoping to be in the clinic at the end of the year or at the beginning of next year. Let me just finish by talking generally about the combination to reinforce what Giovanni said. We feel that the compelling results we saw at the AACR really reinforce our belief in the combinations and an opportunity to really expand the benefits beyond the patients who are treated presently with – treated with monotherapy. And we are planning to be in a position to have had a submission for the combination to the FDA by the middle of the year. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Thanks for the questions, Chris. Can we go to the next question please, Eric?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Giovanni, I don't know if you answered a question that was asked of you earlier, but maybe you can just talk about what you see as the commercial significance of Opdivo, having comparative overall survival in all comers in second-line squamous/non-squamous lung. And the reason I ask is obviously competition is right at your doorstep with Merck and Roche. Merck's made some comments earlier today on their call suggesting a broader label, albeit no overall survival. So in the commercial environment, what do you see as the significance or relevance of having that broader label? And then a question for you, Francis. Roche has started four chemo combination trials of PD-L1 antibody in Phase III for lung cancer, and Bristol has been less committed to a chemo combination trial. I think that you've decided not to go ahead in Phase III. Clearly they're making a very large investment in this combination. What do you think they see that you don't? Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Jami, let me start with the commercial perspective. We believe that, first of all, it is very important to have Phase III data. And it is very important to have overall survival data. Oncologists have traditionally really valued the opportunity to look at Kaplan-Meier curves and understand the survival impact of a new treatment for patients. And what we are very excited about is not only the fact that we have two Phase III trials – obviously you'll see those at ASCO – and that those are in all comers, but also our ability to characterize the response in PD-L1 positive and PD-L1 negative patients. So our data set is very strong, and clearly survival is important for both physicians and payers. From a commercial perspective, just to conclude, we are obviously aware that this is a very competitive space. We are making all of the right investments to be competitive. We have invested in our commercial infrastructure in the U.S. early in order to be able and ready to launch. We have leading share of voice in both the melanoma market and the lung market at this point. And we will continue to make the investments that are needed in order to drive very competitive performance for our portfolio.
Francis M. Cuss - Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer: Good morning, Jami. I'm not going to speculate on Merck's or Roche's strategy or indeed what the FDA may or may not do in terms of the data we've heard about. But what I can say from our experience with regulatory authorities is that we've got the label based on the data we've put in. And, based on that, I'm confident we are going have a very competitive label in second-line non-small cell lung. I'm very gratified about the progress of our comprehensive program in lung cancer. And, just to remind you, this has generated strong data in overall survival in second-line lung, both in a broad population, and it also has sub-analyses for both PD-L1 positive and negative patients. And you'll be seeing that data at ASCO. I think as far as the combination with chemotherapy, we set out to go head to head with chemotherapy. And as I've said, we've shown very impressive data, which you'll have a chance to see. I would remind you as well as our approval in the U.S. approval, we also have an ongoing registration review in Europe for squamous lung cell cancer, and we have a number of collaborations in chemotherapy where at least we will be able to get some indication in addition to the I-O combination, which we'll be starting very soon in chemotherapy. So overall I'm very confident in our broad program. You'll have a chance to see the second-line studies at ASCO. We certainly have first-line therapy, again going head to head with chemotherapy, and the first-line combination study will be starting very soon. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Thanks for the questions, Jami. Can we go to the next one, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Hello. That would be Schoenebaum, but that's okay. Hey. Thank you very much for taking the question, and congratulations on the success of the lung trials over the last several months. Maybe I can just ask one question. There's been I think some questions kind of around this, so I just wanted to hit it on the head. I don't know if this is a question for Giovanni or who, but – and I know that you're not going to give long-term guidance. But I think everybody that watches Bristol-Myers understands that your operating margin right now is sort of artificially suppressed, if you will, by some of the – the nature of your partner products, and that the earnings power in theory of your I-O franchise over the next several years is substantial. And in theory, the incremental contribution margin of your I-O franchise should be dramatically in excess of the overall company EBIT margin or operating margin today. And I think that is likely a statement of fact at the product level. But the question is, how is management thinking about structuring running margins over the long term? How much of the I-O sales will you allow to drop down to the bottom line? I realize, we all realize, you're not going to give specific guidance. Maybe you can just talk philosophically about how, in the realm of exploding revenue perhaps over the next three to five years, how you will manage expenses. And then just a clarification on ex-U.S. lung cancer timelines, if I may. I heard you mention that approval will be by the end of the year I think, Francis, you expected. Could you just clarify, though, in which histologies and which line? And if it's not second line, when would you expect the second-line data versus docetaxel in both squamous and non-squamous, to make it onto the European label? Thanks.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Mark, thank you. This is Charlie. As you suggested, we're not going to give long-term guidance, but let me give you the frame I think that we've talked about before, as you think about our business. So just in the very near term, as we've talked about on the call, we lose Eliquis. Or, excuse me, Abilify.
Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Executive Officer: Oof.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I almost gave Lamberto a heart attack. We lose Abilify – actually we lost it as of April 20, and that is a significantly profitable product for us. In our agreement with Otsuka, we book revenue on Abilify and virtually have no cost of goods, and we virtually have eliminated all operating expenses against that product. In addition, Eliquis, as you mentioned, has – we share with Pfizer on that, and that has an impact on our overall profitability, because that goes through cost of goods sold. And then we do have a compelling opportunity, as you suggest in I-O, and – but we're also – have to make sure that we're making the right investments to make sure that we secure our leading position, not just now but going out into the future. Having said all that, over time you would expect to see some leverage in our P&L.
Francis M. Cuss - Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer: Good morning, Mark. So we – as you say, we have a validated submission under review in the EU based on squamous non-small cell lung cancer. And, as you mentioned, we're looking to have approval before year's end. I'm not going to comment any further on potential submissions or other approvals, but just obviously to point out that the positive data from 057, we'll be working very aggressively to have that ready for submission to regulatory authorities around the world, including the EMA.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Thanks for the questions, Mark. Can we go to the next one, please, Eric?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Anderson with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Timothy Minton Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. A few questions. Can you just update us on your perspective of the combo of ipi and nivo in non-small cell lung? Relative to let's say a year ago, are you more confident or less confident in the utility of that combination in lung? And then can you talk about PD-L1 biomarker and how you think this could play out in Europe in lung cancer? Do you think that relative to the U.S., European regulators and payers may take a more pronounced view on the utility of the biomarker as a gating tool for treatment decisions. And then on elotuzumab, can you repeat what you said when we'd see the data and your level of enthusiasm for that product?
Francis M. Cuss - Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer: Good morning, Tim. So let me first of all talk about the 227 study – that's the Phase III study in first line. It's a comprehensive, broad study in non-small cell lung cancer patients. It includes both PD-L1 positive and negative patients. It will have a different dosing schedule to other trials in combination. And I just want to reiterate that we have ensured that the trial design has benefited from the insights we've gleaned from our recently stopped Phase III lung studies. It's an important study. It's an important part of our broad program and will address a comprehensive lung population. It's ready to recruit, and you'll see it in clintrials.gov soon. Talking about the PD-L1 biomarker let me be clear: We've always said that the role of the biomarker may vary based on tumor type, histology, line of therapy, and whether it's monotherapy or combination. And I think I'll add to that, of course the data that you have, that you generate, and the response of the regulators to some extent. But really it all comes down to the data. And we're very comfortable that we have generated a very comprehensive data set in second-line non-small cell lung cancer, based on the 017 and 057 studies. Finally, about elotuzumab, we have the data from ELOQUENT-2 – that's a Phase III second line study. We look forward to presenting that at ASCO. But of course it's premature for me to discuss our regulatory plans until after the data is presented. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Thanks, Tim. Can we go to the next question, please, Eric?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Arfaei with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, and thank you for taking the questions, and congratulations on 057. Charlie, your full-year guidance seems very conservative given the performance in 1Q and gross margin outlook. Is it a reflection of your Opdivo launch trajectory, or are you expecting other major headwinds somewhere, other than of course Abilify that you just talked about. And then, Francis, similar to the earlier question on IDO, could you comment on the TGF beta data assets from Rigel and when we can expect data from those? Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Alex. This is Charlie. I did mention to some degree how we think about guidance in my comments, but let me just comment a little bit further. So Abilify was very favorable to us in the first quarter, but that essentially goes all away back half of the – or the last three quarters. I did mention we do have a one-time benefit in our cost of goods sold related to a royalty restructuring. And then OpEx is normally lighter for us in the first quarter than it is in any other quarter. And when you take that timing difference, as well as my comments earlier about considering additional I-O investments, that's really how we get to the guidance range that I talked about earlier.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: And let me just – this is Giovanni. Let me just reiterate that we are really excited with the initial feedback from the launch of Opdivo in both melanoma and lung. As I mentioned earlier, all of the early indicators are very strong, from access to physician interests to the growth in number of trialists across community and academic settings. And, finally, as I said in terms of our total share, the PD-1 opportunity and how rapidly that is growing.
Francis M. Cuss - Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer: Good morning, Alex. You're right. We're excited about the Rigel collaboration on TGF beta. Just to be clear, that's a discovery program. And therefore I'm not going to comment on when we might have a clinical candidate. But I think it's important to remind you that we do have, in the clinic, a collaboration with Eli Lilly on their TGF beta inhibitor with Opdivo, and I think we would expect to see data from that before we could get the Rigel compound into the clinic, which of course will be very helpful for us in deciding where we will go. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Thank you. Can we go to the next question, please, Eric?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Risinger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David R. Risinger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much. I have three questions, please. The first is, for your updated 2015 guidance, does that reflect an expected U.S. approval and launch in non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer in 2015? Second, with respect to breaking down study 017 and 057 based upon PD-L1 status, could you just help us understand how you plan to potentially cut the data to demonstrate greater effectiveness in high expressers? And then how you will try to frame the debate at ASCO, since different companies use different cutoffs and biomarkers? And then, third, with respect to ex-U.S. Opdivo and lung, any suggestion for when we should be modeling lung launches ex-U.S. in 2016? Should we think about major markets launching in the second half of 2016 after price negotiations? Is that sort of the right timing to think about in major markets ex-U.S. for lung? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: David, this is Giovanni. Let me just answer a couple of your comments. With respect to launch of study 050 of the non-squamous indication, we are not going to comment on that at that point. As Francis said, we are conducting all of analyses on the data. We look forward to sharing that with regulatory authorities, and it's really premature to make any other comments there. With respect to ex-U.S. Opdivo lung sales, I think that when we are approved, you should be thinking about the same sequence of launches that is typical of ex-U.S. and particularly European markets, with more rapid access for patients in those markets, like Germany and Northern Europe in general, where there is the opportunity to launch right after approval. And obviously in some other markets we will need to go through negotiations related to reimbursement. So, there, the only thing I would say is our experience with Yervoy is going be very helpful to us, and with Yervoy we were able to obtain reimbursement broadly in line with label in every one of the key markets, not only in Europe but around the world.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Okay, great. Can we go to the next question, please, Eric?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Vamil K. Divan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great, thanks for so much taking the questions. So one just direct one on Eliquis first, and then a couple on the immuno-oncology side. For Eliquis, are you seeing or are you anticipating any greater pricing pressure in that market given the recent approval from another competitor in that space from Daiichi? And then in I-O, you mentioned the progress you're making with Yervoy in the community. Can you quantify just what percentage of the use of Yervoy is now in the community versus in academic centers? And then do you think Opdivo's going to have a very different breakdown when we think out a year or two from now, just given the different profiles? And also, for the combination, anything about that being used in the community setting? And is there anything you do to try and mitigate the heavy dropout rates that we saw with the combination? Anything you've learned maybe from what you've done with the combo in lung or in other tumors that could help there? Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: Thank you. Let me take the first part of the questions. With respect to access for Eliquis, first of all, there is really strong momentum for Eliquis in the market. We are seeing very significant growth in TRxes and NBRxes. And obviously we've established a leadership position in new-to-brand shares across all indications in cardiology and in atrial fibrillation across the total market. That's important in negotiating with payers. The second point that I would say is we are in a very strong position from an access perspective. We have over 90% access in both the commercial and Medicare space. On the commercial space, our preferred status is approaching 70%, and in Medicare it's above 80%. So while the category will continue to be managed, and obviously we are very focused on it, the fact that we are emerging as the leading agent in terms of the overall momentum positions us strongly with payers. With respect to the use of Opdivo and how the uptake is going in the community versus the academic institutions, obviously that's very different in melanoma versus lung, because, as you know, about 50% of melanoma is treated in the hospital and academic setting, and only 50% in the community. When you look at lung, that's very different, with over 80% of patients treated in the community. So while at the beginning it is logical that the uptake is fast in the academic and hospital setting, we are actually seeing with Opdivo already a very significant increase of uptake in community, which is clearly very important, and it makes us feel optimistic about the overall opportunity for Opdivo in the community setting.
Francis M. Cuss - Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer: Vamil, let me just – good morning. Let me just say, of course we are collecting safety across many tumors. It's a lot easier for us, of course, because we have the same dose in all the tumors, so it's much easier for us to compare. I think broadly one would say that the safety is very good across most, if not all, tumors. And let me just add a little color, actually to David's question about PD-L1 status also in 017 and 057, building on what Giovanni said. Obviously I'm not going to talk about the data, but I just want to reiterate that there are comprehensive analyses both for the broad population and PD-L1 and -positive and negative patients that will be presented at ASCO. And we have to publish it also comprehensively. Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Great. Eric, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Goodman with UBS. Your line is open.
Marc Goodman - UBS Securities LLC: Yes. I was hoping you could tell us the one-time impact in the gross margin in the quarter. How much did that impact? And what was your commentary around will it stay for the rest of the year? What is the new gross margin guidance including this? And this goes away this year, and so there'll be no impact next year. Just so we're clear on that. And then, secondly, on HCV in Japan, can you give us a sense of how many patients you have, like, what market share you have over there? And Baraclude OUS, just wondering if the weakness was just FX or if there was anything else going on. Thanks.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Hey, Marc. It's Charlie. So the 400 basis point improvement we had in gross margin, I would characterize two-thirds of that was FX and one-third was the one-time royalty restructuring. We expect, assuming current FX rates, that most of the favorability we had in the first quarter due to FX in our margin will dissipate. So we don't see any further benefit going forward.
Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate: From the perspective of HCV Japan, let me say the performance has been really strong. Our dual regimen of Sunvepra/Daklinza we launched in the middle of last year. When we describe the opportunity there, remember there's about 1.2 million patients with hepatitis C in Japan. Of that, 70% are genotype 1b. And we decided to focus initially on the approximately 150,000 patients that are in the healthcare system actively seeking treatment. We've seen really strong commercial execution in Japan. We've seen rapid uptake. And, as you've mentioned, we had approximately $200 million in sales in Japan in the first quarter. When we look at our penetration in terms of our share of the more recent oral regimens, we have the vast majority of the patients there. The largest share we have is in the subset of 150 patients I described before. But we've seen some uptake with new patients coming into the treatment in Japan as well.
Charles A. Bancroft - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And, Marc, just concluding on your Baraclude question ex-U.S. The sales were down 5% versus prior year if you exclude the FX impact.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Great. Eric, can we go to the last question, please?
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Andrew Baum with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Hi. Three questions, please. Firstly, just looking at your 069 trial at AACR, there's obviously some quite considerable toxicity with the combination. Just thinking about your ongoing lung program with the combination, what are the learnings in terms of dose modification, scheduling, patient selection, or monitoring and treatment that can put into place to make a more – a better-tolerated regimen within the Phase III lung indication? Second, I'd wonder whether you'd comment on anticipated patent term extension for Eliquis, how long it will take you, and, two, and when you will have confirmation of that? And then finally for Francis, if there is no difference in response rates between the PD-L1 positive and negative subgroups in 017, what would that tell you about your diagnostic?
Francis M. Cuss - Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer: Good morning, Andrew. So, first of all, let me just say we believe the combinations do have an added effect. We think that's been shown very nicely in melanoma. And I think they have the potential to meaningfully increase the survival expectations for more patients than monotherapy alone. So I think, obviously, one can't always extrapolate between tumors, either in terms of efficacy or safety – we've seen differences there – but we do think underlying this is an opportunity with combination of Opdivo and Yervoy to treat more patients. Clearly, looking at the lung cancer population, we understand that it's a different population, and we think in non-small cell lung cancer, there may be a slightly different tolerability. That being said, we've learned a lot from the ongoing combination studies together with the second-line studies. And so we really think the first-line combination study that's about to start really does have a good chance of understanding the potential of combination in lung cancer. As far as the 017 study and the assay, let me just say that I think our assay is a good assay. It's validated. It's ready to go in terms of the need for approval or labeling. And you'll have the opportunity to see the data, which is very strong, I think, across 017 and 057 in terms of documenting the different patient populations.
Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Executive Officer: But we're not going to provide any comment on patent term extensions for Eliquis. And I will close this call by thanking everybody for participating. We had a strong performance in the first quarter across much of our portfolio, and we had important clinical and regulatory development. Bristol-Myers Squibb is stronger than ever. Thank you. And have a good day.
John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations: Okay, everybody. Thank you. As always, Ranya and Bill and I are available for any follow-ups you might have. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker - Senior Vice President of Public Affairs and Investor Relations Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Executive Officer Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer  Charlie Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer Francis Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer
Analysts: Tim Anderson - Bernstein Mark Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC Steve Scala - Cowen and Company LLC Andrew Baum - Citigroup Inc Vamil Divan - Credit Suisse Chris Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co John Boris - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Candace; I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Bristol-Myers 2014 Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. John Elicker, you may begin your conference. 
John Elicker: Thanks, Candace. And good morning, everybody. My apologies for any of who you had difficulty dialing into the call. There was some confusion around start date but this -- I think we are ready to go at this point. We are here to discuss our Q4 earnings and as well we had issued our 2015 guidance. With me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, our CEO; Giovanni Caforio, our Chief Operating Officer; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer; and Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer. Lamberto, Giovanni and Charlie will have some brief prepared remarks and then we will go to your questions.  First, I'll take care of the Safe Harbor language. During the call, we will make statements about company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Well, thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. First, as you all know, we announced last week that effective May 5th, I would be retiring as CEO of Bristol-Myers Squibb. While remaining on our Board of Directors and becoming its Chairman replacing Jim Cornelius. Jim's role in our company has been transformational and outstanding. And I feel honored to have worked with him for many years. And now to take over from him as Chairman. I am very pleased that Giovanni Caforio will be successor as CEO. Giovanni is a global business leader with broad industry and management experience including a solid background in oncology. He is also a trained physician who brings to his work an important perspective and certain insights. Importantly, Giovanni is not only been a key player in developing our strategy these past several years, he is also been one of the driving forces executing against it. So he is very good about leading our company in his very capable hands.  I am going to ask Giovanni and Charlie to walk you through our fourth quarter results, but before I do that, I will speak for a few minutes about some of the highlights of the past year because 2014 was without question an important year for Bristol-Myers Squibb. I am very pleased, I am very proud about it. In 2014, we accelerated our evolution to being a diversified specialty biopharma company, beginning with a completion of divesture of our diabetes business. Under Giovanni's leadership, we are refocused our commercial organization to optimize global brand and market. These allowed us to drive strong sales across our portfolio and across the world. In fact, our commercial organization had a good year delivering 6% sales growth excluding the diabetes franchise. These changes positioned us well for continued success with our portfolio of marketed and pipeline products. Under Francis's leadership our R&D organization also had a good year. Most notably with respect to our immunoncology portfolio. Getting approval of Opdivo in the US for melanoma and with the early stoppage of two Opdivo study in melanoma lung due to very positive results. These developments underscore the strength of our I-O strategy and our I-O programs. And importance of continuing to apply the same strategy. Beyond I-O, we made good progress across the rest of our diversified portfolio. Just to mention a few examples. We've obtained an important label expansion for Eliquis. We continue to develop interesting early asset in immunoscience and HIV. We executed several business development transactions to make our I-O portfolio even stronger and to build the rest of our specialty portfolio in areas like fibrosis and genetically defined diseases.  And we committed significant resources to increase our biologic capacity announcing strategic investments to expand our Devens, Massachusetts facility and build a new plant, totally new plant in Ireland. Biologics now comprise about 50% of our R&D portfolio and that number will continue to grow. So taken an altogether 2014 was a good important year for us. And strength of a strong foundation for our future, financially, commercially, clinically, by every indication Bristol-Myers Squibb is well positioned. We will of course continue to face challenges such as the economic losses of exclusivity in a very competitive market place. But we have the right product, the right plan and the right people to find our way through it all. In that, I have no doubt. And because we are in such a good position, I feel that my decision to retire as CEO into effective proposal from our Board to become Chairman come at the right time. And again I am very confident in Giovanni's ability to lead Bristol-Myers Squibb to build on our success over the past several years and to take our company forward. With the support of the outstanding management team that have the pleasure of putting together and lead.  So with that I'd turn the floor over to Giovanni to provide our Q4 results. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio : Thank you, Lamberto. And good morning, everyone. Let me begin by thanking Lamberto for his kind words of support. And more generally for his exceptional leadership over the last several years. He has led our company at a pivotal time. Navigating us through a challenging but exciting biopharma transformation. And leading us to our current position of strength. I am looking forward to continuing our work together as we transitioning to our new roles.  So as Lamberto discussed, 2014 was a very good year that ended on a very good note. During the fourth quarter, we delivered 9% sales growth across our diversified portfolio and across our key markets, excluding our diabetes franchise and impact of foreign exchange. Let me touch on some of the highlights. First, Yervoy had a very good quarter with the 41% increase. In the US, this strong performance was driven by continued penetration into community sector. Outside the US, it was driven largely by its first line indication an improved access. Even with our success in 2014, we've recognized that the melanoma market dynamics will continue to evolve following the launch of Opdivo. While these may impact Yervoy's short term trends, we are very well positioned. In monotherapy, both our products have demonstrated overall survival. And in combination that have the potential to offer long-term survival to the largest number of patients. Eliquis has its best quarter ever with $281 million in sales. In the US, the expansion of the label was a key reason why sales grew 20% over the previous quarter. And we continued to make good progress in new two brand prescription by cardiologists. Outside the US, we also made good progress particularly in Germany and Japan. Looking forward, we have every reason to believe that Eliquis' strong performance trends will continue.  Regarding Hepatitis C we had a really good quarter. Generally speaking, our strategy is to focus on difficult to treat patients and the unique medical need of each market. We made important progress. In Japan, with our dual regimen and in Europe where Daklinza is approved in combinations including sofosbuvir.  In the US, we are working with the FDA and expect to be able to resubmit the Daklinza based on data from completed and ongoing studies. And lastly, we are very excited about the US approval of Opdivo. Our commercial organization was more than ready to go at the time of approval. Shipments were ready by year's end and our people have hit the ground running. We are leveraging Yervoy's established commercial presence, building on our strong relationships with physicians and payers. In fact, our commercial organization is actively promoting Opdivo. And within the first two weeks, we reached nearly 100% of the top accounts and already have 70% share of voice within the melanoma market. And while it is early, we are making good progress with access. Although we are primarily focused on Opdivo for melanoma in the US and hopefully soon in Europe following our O-63 and O-70 announcements, we are also preparing for potential approvals in lung later this year. Charlie will talk about our 2014 financials and our outlook for 2015. But let me close with a few words about the coming year. Clearly, 2015 like every year will have its challenges and its opportunities. That's a given. But I am confident that we will successfully find our way through it all by continuing to execute against our strategy and by maintaining our balanced approach of driving results today while setting the stage for tomorrow. That means growth of our marketed products, strong product launches and continued investments in our portfolio of the future. And that means continuing to focus on leadership in immuno-oncology as a priority. But also remembering that we are a diversified specialty biopharma company. One with multiple products across multiple therapeutic areas. And with that I'd turn the floor over to Charlie. 
Charlie Bancroft : Thank you, Giovanni. Good morning, everyone. I will discuss the few items from our fourth quarter non GAAP P&L and our outlook for 2015. As Giovanni covered some of the highlights on sale, I will make just a few additional comments regarding revenues during the quarter.  First, Eliquis sales were reduced by approximately $15 million in gross to net adjustments for the Medicare coverage gap. Sustiva benefited from a $30 million annual equity share true-up related to Atripla and finally our net revenues for Plavix and abraproabolib which are captured under matured product benefited from $36 million reduction in our returns reserve. With the dollar strengthening, foreign exchange had an unfavorable impact on both the top and bottom line. Compares to the same quarter last year the negative impact was 3% of sales and approximately $0.03 on EPS.  Gross margin were 78% during the quarter, up 440 basis points compared to the same period last year, mostly due to product mix, following the divesture our global diabetes business. Marketing and selling and admin expenses increased about 9% in the quarter due in part to increased investments in key brands including Eliquis, Yervoy, Opdivo and our HTV franchise.  R&D expenses increased primarily due to timing of spending across our R&D portfolio. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 10% during the quarter compared to almost 18% during the same period last year. Our Q4 rate reflects the full year of the R&D tax credit which was just extended in December.  Now, I'd like to spend a few moments discussing capital allocation. We will continue our balanced approach to using our capital. We feel good about the strength of our balance sheet and the flexibility these resources give us to make important investment decision. We continue to see business development as a top priority and also remain committed to the dividend, which was recently increased for the sixth year in a row. In regard to business development, we believe that innovation must be sourced both internally and externally. We continue to look for BD opportunities that can help deliver long-term growth within our core area of interest. We are committed to fully advancing by leading immuno-oncology portfolio. Our clinical collaboration strategy reflects our belief that combination therapy will be a key component of I-O in the future. And that we are open to exploring external I-O opportunity.  Since the end of Q3, we’ve announced four additional clinical collaborations including Opdivo. Overall, we have non clinical collaboration to study Opdivo in more than a dozen tumor types. In addition to these I-O collaborations, we also find several deals that will strengthen our specialty portfolio. We will continue to develop and diversify our R&D and commercial portfolios focusing on high quality opportunities that are closely aligned with our diversified, specialty biopharma strategy.  I will now move to 2015 guidance. We are setting our non-GAAP EPS guidance range at $1.55 to $1.70. This range assumes current exchange rate and continuation of the R&D tax credit in 2015. As a reminder, there are several factors to keep in mind which will have an impact our 2015 revenues. Our rights to Abilify in US and most remaining international markets expire in April. Abilify is a high margin product as we record our share of revenues without any meaningful associated cost. We will see a full year's impact on Baraclude sales in the US due to the loss of exclusivity last year. As we previously mentioned, we expect the negative impact on EPS of roughly $0.10 in 2015. As I commented during our October earnings call, revenues from matured products and other non core assets will decline significantly this year due to a one time step down of about $400 million related to expiring agreement. In addition, I remind you that this is a declining business.  As you all know, the US dollar has strengthened against almost all currencies from 2014 average rates and quite a bit just in January. Based on current FX rates, this will negatively impact our 2015 revenues by approximately $800 million and $0.12 to $0.14 on earnings per share. On the other hand, we expect continued growth in 2015 from the rest of our portfolio, where we are seeing strong exit trends that we believe will continue. We are also very encouraged by the accelerated approval of Opdivo to treat advanced melanoma in US and hope to receive approvals in other countries in other tumors in 2015.  We expect our full year gross margin to be approximately 74% in 2015. Our gross margin continues to be largely driven by product mix, loss of exclusivity and the structure of our co-promotion agreement for Eliquis. We expect these downward pressures to be partially offset by the growth of new products including Opdivo and our HCV portfolio. You will see our line item guidance for AMP, MS&A and R&D in our press release.  Our operating expense projections reflect our new operating model, following the divesture of our global diabetes alliance early last year. We remain committed to invest in key opportunities including our late stage pipeline and the launch of Opdivo in the US in advanced melanoma and potential subsequent launches in other regions and indication. We also continue to drive growth of our priority plan including Yervoy, Eliquis, Orencia and Sprycel. We will however continue to be prudent with our resources on our older brand and leverage our specialty model. Our operating expenses outside the US will also be affected by prevailing exchange rate.  On the R&D side, we expect to spend less in 2015 primarily due to decrease spending on diabetes clinical trial.  Now we'll be happy to address your questions. 
John Elicker: Yes. I think we are ready to go to Q&A. And everybody, I just remind you that in addition to Lamberto, Giovanni, Charles, Francis is here to take any questions you might have. Candace?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Tim Anderson with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Tim Anderson : Hi, thank you. Few questions if I could. Can you just outline for us when we might see human data on the next round of various checkpoint modulators that you have. Second question is just an update on Nivolumab and Yervoy trial on lung and when that case study would be starting? Do you have the data from the earlier stage studies in hand to pick the dose? So anything on that topic would be helpful. Then last question just an update on the timing of the elotuzumab second line trial in multiple myeloma. 
Giovanni Caforio: Good morning, Tim. Happy New Year. First of all, let me start I think you are talking about elotuzumab, let me talk to the back and -- however quick two study which is in relapsing is a second line relapsing but not from myeloma is on track for us to see data in the first half of this year. So obviously premature to discuss regulatory strategy but obviously if the data is positive we will be seeking to submit this around the world. As far as an update on the Opdivo, Yervoy phase 3 study first line in lung, I will say we completed the design phases there; we are on track to initiate. We are not providing any further detail on the --details although I will say to you it is a comprehensive study, it is in a broad lung population both in terms of histology and biomarker and we will be using different doses from the tumors we so far initiated combination studies and we really -- this combination does have the potential to provide incremental benefit across the broad lung cancer population. And as far as the earlier studies in other four compounds we had in development, what I would say they are progressing, those exploratory studies, we will be seeing dates at this year. We have not decided yet whether we will actually share that data publicly because of the intense competitive situation, but obviously like we have during last year, we see interesting data. We would be moving fast to potentially registration study and of course you will be able to see that in clinical trials.
Operator: And your next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. 
Mark Schoenebaum: Yes, thank you very much for taking my question. I like to offer my congratulation to Lamberto on a fantastic job. And best wishes to Giovanni on his next steps. If I may also ask on the I-O franchise. If you could just remind us timelines for the O-57 trial on the non squamous population? When we -- when your best estimate is, from when we could -- when you will have data from the interim analysis. And then I was wondering if you are willing to provide any color about your filings strategy for nivolumab in the second line lung cancer study now that you have one positive trail obviously in the squamous population and then just a broader question, the PBM have been and payers have been very focused on Hepatitis C and now that they seemed to be setting their sights on oncology. And I was just wondering if being -- the company launching probably the highest profile oncology drugs or if you had any reactions to that. Thank you so much. 
Lamberto Andreotti : Well, Mark, first of all thank you for your nice words. I hope I will make one of your videos with same comments. And before Francis reply to your first two questions and Charlie and Giovanni to your third question, let me take the opportunity I will say few things quickly about immuno therapy because in the last few weeks -- the last few weeks have been really very excited for us at BMS and obviously for all the patients. And what I am really glad to see the potential in immunotherapy coming to fruition, first with Yervoy and now with Opdivo. Some of the strategic target that we made when we set our development and program is putting us now in what we believe is a very strong competitive position. We had always felt that it was important to address the broader set of patients is possible. We've also -- always believe in the importance of demonstrating a little survival and this is what counts patient, physicians and payers. And at the same time we have build our R&D people that build optionality into our clinical trial. So while the trial were designed to show survival, overall survival we have flexibility in evaluating our end points when we can accelerate program and finally we've also always believed in the important role for both monotherapy and combination regimen. I said all these because I believe that the recent results of our studies are validating our strategy. And now Francis you want to answer question on 56 or 57 and nivocyclomab [ph]
Francis Cuss : Thank you, Mark. Good morning. Honestly, I was very pleased when the O-17 study second line squamous study was stopped early. We are reviewing the data in house and with our experts in lung cancer outside the company. We will be sharing the data with numerous regulatory authorities and we believe it is a very important event for both patients and for BMS. We've not made yet a decision when and where we will be presenting that data. As far as O-57 is concerned, as you are aware that is an event driven study, which means that the patients -- the interim study will be triggered once we reach the right number of events. It is also a different population to the squamous population in the sense that there are more therapeutic options to these patients. And they tend to be better with chemotherapy. So that's running behind -- that's why that's running behind the O-17 study. We obviously remain very confident about our trial design and the potential for Opdivo in lung cancer but obviously like every other study; I am looking forward to actually seeing the data before we can comment on what we will do next.
Giovanni Caforio: Mark and this is Giovanni. Thank you for your comments. With respect to PBMs and pricing and access in general, first of all, let me say that we've been operating in an environment with headwinds from a pricing and reimbursement perspective for quite some time. We understand that will continue including the US. A good example for us is Yervoy where over the last few years, we were able to work with payers around the world very proactively and effectively and Yervoy today is really reimbursed in every market around the world accordingly to label and access for patients has not been an issue. So when we think about this issue going forward obviously the first starting point is to have truly differentiating data and product profiles. And that's one of the reasons why for example as Lamberto mentioned we are focused on overall survival as a main point for our trial. The second one really is working collaboratively with payers around the world. We have very strong history of having done that in the past. And we continue to look at that as a priority for us. The third one is we price our products based on the value they offer to patients and the healthcare system. And as importantly we have in the US and other parts of the world, one of the most comprehensive and most effective reimbursement and patient support program in oncology and in the industry. So we are very focused on pricing an access, we are investing in this area and we are going to be proactively addressing every one of the area mentioned. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jami Rubin: Thank you. And I offer my congratulation to Giovanni and Lamberto. Fantastic job, it has been a pleasure and I am sure we will continue to see each other, but question for you Francis, I am wondering if you could share your observations about Merck's lung strategy? How your lung data and indications might compare to there? They seemed to have breakthrough designation in population that accounts for 70% to 80% of lung compared to what we are seeing with you guys so far. So I am wondering if you could just comment on that. And secondly can you help us to think about and maybe Giovanni this is for you. Help us to think about the launch trajectory of this drug Opdivo, why -- how do we think about -- clearly what's going to drive sales will be label expansion and how do we think about the timing for label expansion and are you going to the FDA with O-17 now, are you planning to wait for the O-57 report out? Thanks very much. 
Francis Cuss : Thank you, Jami. Happy new year to you. I am not going to comment really on Merck's strategy, but I would like to take the opportunity to comment on ours. And we have a very broad development structure in lung cancer as you know. We have 10 ongoing studies, we have 11 just about to start, and that's the first line combination study. And it is basically all population, all histology, all lines of therapy and both PD-L1 positive and negative. So it is a very comprehensive study and I think it is important to note that we have actually made significant progress over the last year. I think I told you all a year ago, it's going to be big year for data, for Opdivo and we would know lot more about Opdivo at the end of the year, and I think we've shown that particularly last few weeks which have been very exciting. So we completed our own submission for the third line of study in the United States and just to remind you we did make a submission having validated in Europe around the middle of the year. As you heard on the call, we couple of weeks ago we announced that the squamous study had been stopped because of Opdivo was superior in terms of overall survival. An overall survival we believe is the gold standard in cancer and very important attribute we believe I-O agent such Opdivo. And of course this marks the first time that any PD-1 has shown over sign in cancer, it is not the first time we've shown superiority, we of course showed it earlier last year in melanoma as well. As I just noted before, we are moving forward with the events proceeding in the non-squamous population. And we should, if our projections are right, get to that by the middle of the year. We also have a first line study underway, that started about a year ago. It is in PD-L1 positive patient and it is our intend to go beat chemotherapy double is in first line as we have already done in melanoma and in second line squamous. And just to rounded out I did mention then we will be starting a comprehensive study first line with our combination in this half of the year. So a very broad program. I am confident by the end of this next 12 months, we are going to have approval in lung and that we will have increasing submission around the world. Thank you very much.
Giovanni Caforio: And Jami this is Giovanni. Thank you. So with respect to launches and expectations for uptick, let me maybe start by saying we are really excited about the approval we have received at the end of December in advanced melanoma for Opdivo. And we started working on the launch and executing the launch immediately after the approval by yearend. We already have shipments in the market and our teams were actively promoting and while it clearly early we are very pleased that we have already reached about 100% over our work most important target and we have a very high 70% market share of voice in melanoma. That reflects the fact that we have been successful commercializing Yervoy over the last few years. And we gained a lot of experience in immuno-oncology and in the US marketing particular. So as we think about the future, obviously, we are ready for potential future launches later this year in lung in the US but we are also ready for launches in melanoma in lung in Europe and other key market. And we've made a lot of the investments needed in order to make sure that teams were properly staffed and ready to go. And obviously we will follow a very similar strategy of educating physicians on Opdivo immunotherapy and the strength of our data. I think it is important to remember that there is a significant percentage of the lung prescribing community which is different from the melanoma prescribing community. And as a result of that those physicians are probably at the beginning of their learning curve with respect to immuno-oncology, and I think it would be important for us to do the same education we did four years ago when we launched in melanoma. When you put all of those things together, we are very optimistic about the future but we obviously realized that there is a significant variability in 2015 because of timing of potential launches, the evolution of the label and speed of uptick in different tumor types. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Seamus Fernandez with Leerink Swann LLC. Your line is now open. 
Seamus Fernandez: Oh, thanks very much, thanks for the questions. And congratulation Lamberto and Giovanni. And congratulations to the whole team on the success of O-17. As we think about the opportunity for potentially accelerating uptick of Opdivo, the current indication is quite small; the third line indication in lung also is quite small at this point. But as we speak with payers, their feedback is that the incorporation of any of these products into the NCCN guideline or perhaps into a compendia listing would be -- could be critical to gaining access and allowing physicians to prescribe more broadly. Can you talk a little bit about how that typically lines up without an FDA label? And if there is an opportunity in your view and perhaps Giovanni can answer this one to see that move forward. And then separately on a bigger picture perspective perhaps Lamberto and Francis could comment on this a bit. But the focus on immuno-oncology has been extremely successful. If you -- as you seek to build out in other areas, one of the areas of focus we've seen GDD that the genetic disorders as a focus or drive disease is a focus and also fibrosis, is that really the direction we should see the company focused towards and what types of business development would you anticipate going forward? Thanks a lot.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Seamus. This is Giovanni. Just to answer your first question on NCCN guideline and compendia listing. Obviously, we are focused on delivering data from a number of Phase 3 well controlled clinical trial with overall survival as the primary end point. And we believe that over time as the data evolved, it is very likely that the NCCN and other groups may include that data in their guidelines and recommendations. From our perspective, obviously in terms of our promotional efforts, we will focus on the label indication, but as we've seen in oncology, the strength of the data that emerges is often reflected in guidelines and pathways. 
Lamberto Andreotti : And it is also dispensation our specialty portfolio, Seamus. I would let Francis discuss the different alternative but it is clear that our first goal has been that of making I-O presence, our I-O presence strong and deep and wide. And we will continue to go in that direction. But at the same time, we believe that what we are doing in GDD, in fibrosis and immunology or in virology to a certain extent, are all possible new areas in which we can follow the same strategy. So strong internal R&D, acquisitions of technologies products and inclusion of research groups into our own pipeline and team. And collaboration with other companies. And we are not at this point choosing one of the areas because it is premature to do so. So we are working on in different directions with the same approach but seem to have worked out well for immuno-oncology. Francis? 
Francis Cuss : Good morning, Seamus. So let me say we are over excited about what's going on outside of I-O and so for instance, at the end of last year, we moved an HIV types inhibitor novel compound in Phase 3, and of course this year we are going to be exploring further the imminent stimulation in virology that's our platform allows us to do in immuno science. In addition, our exploratory portfolio in immuno science is progressing well, that's both biologic and small molecule. As you've seen with expanded portfolio in fibrosis with a couple of year end business development deals when we -- and we collect and during 2014, we moved a number of very novel compounds into the clinic. And I think it is epitomize really our approach this, what we did in GDD where we brought forward an anti-challenging body acquired from our iPierian high period [ph] but also from our internal programs, myostatin and active [ph] Duchenne's muscular dystrophy. So we are making progress across the number of these areas and the pipeline really made some good progression during 2014. Thanks. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Steve Scala of Cowen and Company, LLC. Your line is now open. 
Steve Scala: Thank you so much. I joined the call a bit late so my apologies if these questions have already been asked. But first, in the last 25 years or so R&D at Bristol has only been down in two years. Now Bristol has perhaps its best pipeline ever and you are guiding for R&D to be down in 2015. I find that it a bit surprising. So can you tell us why that is the case? And if there is a trend that we should look forward to continue? And then secondly in melanoma Opdivo and Kutura [ph] have similar indication, so what do you are finding hospital formularies are doing? Are they stocking both products and they stocking one over the other? And what is the mental process that going through to make the decision? Thank you. 
Lamberto Andreotti : Francis, do you want to comment, he expected I can make a comment that it is clear to me and it is clear to my management team and to my Board that we will continue to finance adequately more than adequately everything that make sense. So our resource is devoted I-O and our resource is devoted to our differentiation out there and we will spend in a productive way. But, Francis, anything?
Francis Cuss : So just to build on that. We certainly have a very full set of such projects going forward into 2015 and we continue to do a number of productivity initiatives to make sure that our investments actually are very, very efficient.
Charlie Bancroft : Yes, I would just add one other point, Steve. As I mentioned in my comments that we also have a step down in our diabetes clinical trials vis-à-vis the alliance that we have. So that's also impacting the year-over-year spent. 
Giovanni Caforio: And this is Giovanni. From the perspective of formula released to access for Opdivo, these are clearly very early days but we are starting from a position where we have established relationship with hospital and payers in the US., the early signals that we are seeing a quite positive, we have some initial good progress in access. So we are working and it is a priority but so far the signals are positive. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Andrew Baum with Citigroup Inc. Your line is now open. 
Andrew Baum: Yes, two questions if I could. Firstly, could you just remind me when we'll see the one plus one data for the arm of Yervoy, Opdivo and number two, if my memory serves me correctly the recent Nature papers included representation from diagnostics of all your competitors, if I remember I think Bristol's contribution was lacking and obviously your diagnostics for PD-L1 has not shown the same predictive benefit as others. To what extent you -- its rating that diagnostic and I am assuming there is a new diagnostic, when will it be ready for prime time? And then my last question is on bio-specific. Could you tell me when your first bio-specific I-O agent will be entering the clinic many thanks?
Francis Cuss : Thank you, Andrew. So let me go through these quickly. So the one data from the O-12 study continues to mature, it is very informative. We have not made the decision when we might present it and for competitive reasons we may not present it this year. I take issue with you over the fact that our diagnostic is not working. I think if you look at the data in our label and look at most labels it is very similar. So I think -- and then the platforms the same, so I think we are showing exactly what everyone else is showing. The differences is we've done a comprehensive program and we are looking much more comprehensive both the negative and the positive patients with the opportunity to get a label in both of those. And finally, as far as bio-specific, I know we have a very broad preclinical program based in California from-- heads up by Nils Lonberg, who is an acknowledged leader in this field. I am very comfortable with the breadth of that. We will certainly compliment that with additional business developments. But as far as bio-specifics, I think we will take every opportunity on its merit but we certainly got plenty of monotherapy moving up into the preclinical and for clinic. Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse. Your line is now pen. 
Vamil Divan: Thanks so much. And thanks for taking my questions. So couple if I could. One just on HEP C, I think what you said is that the filing in the US is going to be based on data you already have and also some ongoing studies. If it is correct, can you just bit a clear by maybe when those stages will be done and when exactly do you think you will be able to re-file in the US? And then my second question following up on the earlier one on the expense side. I'm just wondering if you can maybe help breakup some of these moving parts here, you mentioned the diabetes impact this year, also in terms of currency, you are having an impact this year. And then some of those might be more broader structural changes that might be more ongoing impact we are seeing in the expense line. So is there anyway just sort of quantify that the expense numbers are quite a bit below over your expecting, so how much of it is more of these one time type things for this year and how much might be more of an impact going forward? 
Charlie Bancroft : Hey, Vamil, it is Charles. Maybe I'll start on the expense side. So if you look at just the exchange impact on expenses where we guided for example A&P decreasing in the mid to high teen range, if you excluded exchange that would be a decrease in the mid to low teens range. Similarly with MS&A, that would be a decrease in the mid to low single digit range if you exclude FX. And then in R&D, it also had an impact related to almost 1% on how we think about R&D. As I mentioned in comments, we are doing everything to invest in our opportunities, in our new launches as well as the critical brands within our key portfolio. We've also with the recent -- following the exit of the diabetes business, we also took the opportunity to reorganize and take expenses out particularly in our matured brand. So the combination of all those things and plus did the last add that I mentioned earlier around the diabetes expenses having a step down in R&D year-over-year. 
Francis Cuss : Vamil, good morning. Just to remind you that our approach, our strategy with the fact is being to focus on difficult to treat patients around the world and that are the same in United States. We have a complete response letter, we are talking to the FDA about the answers to that and I am not going to details except to say that no new data will be required to make this submission. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Schott with JP Morgan. Your line is now open. 
Chris Schott: Great, thanks very much. And I first just want to add my congratulations to both Lamberto and Giovanni with the new roles there. A couple of quick ones here. Maybe first can you elaborate on the dynamics between the O-I and the PD-1 in melanoma as we think about 2015, just little bit more about how you think that dynamic plays out. Second thing on melanoma, any updates on the O-69 study and the ability for Bristol to file off that data? And the final one just broadening out a little bit on the diagnostics. Do you expect the FDA to recommend testing for PD-L1 status for non-small cell lung cancer patients and with the number of different assays and even definitions of what PD-L1 positive means, how do you see that dynamic playing out in the market place so we think out over the next few years and seeing multiple agents enter the market? Thanks very much. 
Giovanni Caforio: So, Chris, good morning. And thank you. This is Giovanni. Let me just start towards the melanoma space. And first of all we are coming out of a very strong year, a very strong quarter for year, right. In the fourth quarter, we grew 41%, over 30% in the US versus prior year. And that's the reason why the fact that we've established a really strong presence in melanoma with 60% of our sales coming from the community setting and about 70% from our sales coming from first line. So we have a really strong base there. And I would say that we expect the melanoma market to be evolving rapidly over the last next 12 to 24 months. And obviously as a result of that like I mentioned earlier we see some uncertainty and volatility in the short term. But we actually see a very good, very well about our prospects in melanoma because we have two agents which in monotherapy both have demonstrated survival. And we have a combination strategy which really has the potential to provide long-term survival very significant percentage of patients. And so some short-term volatility but from a very strong starting point and with very positive prospects in the medium and long term. 
Francis Cuss : Chris, good morning. So let me just comments on the O-69 study. I am very encouraged by the data I have seen, we have not yet decided where we will present that data. But it will be this year. I am not going to talk about the details of our ratings strategy but let me just zoom out a little bit and just mention our overall melanoma strategy. I mean I just remind you we have accelerated review [ph] for monotherapy in Europe. We are in the process of filing both second line and or first line around the world. And the combo is the part of that broader structure we are talking to authorities about the potential submission there. So I am looking forward to the rest of 2015 because I think you can see further submissions, further approvals around the world. And potentially broadening of our label. So it is very exciting for us to know that we are doing 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Boris with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
John Boris: Thanks for taking the questions and would also like to extend my congratulations to both Lamberto and Giovanni. First has to do with your I-O franchise, certainly with you having a clinical development lead one advantage you potentially have is survival data not only in melanoma but potentially in lung, possibly renal in the future. Can you help me understand how long you might have that benefit because you did run well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials and having survival versus competitor that doesn't have survival data, how does that play with oncologist in the marketplace? Second question has to do with Eliquis, just on new to brand share with cardiologist, can you articulate a percentage there? You mention that broadening of the label was important in terms of expanding that and if that's surpassing Xaretto now? And last question just has to do with M&A very quickly. Can you maybe give some additional color especially since you're potentially being viewed as not as diversified as you historically have been? When you're looking at deals, are you looking at smaller or larger scale transactions to either diversify the business or to further position the business in oncology going forward? Thanks. 
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, John, this is Giovanni. On I-O, we believe that having overall survival is very meaningful. And in our experience it is obviously very meaningful to payers. It is important for prescribing physicians and it is obviously essential for patients. So we are very focused on that as Lamberto and Francis mentioned as very, very important part of our strategy. The second comment on Eliquis, we are very pleased with our performance in the US and other parts of the world specifically in the US, we've seen that the expansion of the label to include the treatment has accelerated. The growth of our prescribers base and also accelerated our trends in primary care. Our focus remains primarily in cardiology and our new two brand share in cardiology including VT and atrophic relation in the quarter in the US has grown from 41% to 47% which is a leading position. 
Lamberto Andreotti : And as far as VT is concerned, I can say that nothing has changed than from my discussion in July and Charlie has been involved in all these over time, we will not change -- size is not the most important aspect, most important aspect is fit with our portfolio, fit our goals and good science and we continue to look at small and big things. And they are not medical also, good financial to say.
Operator: And your last question comes from Alex Arfaei with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Alex Arfaei: Good morning. And I'll add my congratulation as well for the transformation we are seeing with the company. Question on your gross margin guidance at 74% in 2015. It seems low compared to where you are at 78% right now. Is it mostly Abilify and is this a one time this in 2015 because we expect your overall product mix to basically offset the impact of Eliquis. And a follow up on the earlier questions. Could you give us a little bit more color on your revenue expectations for Opdivo and HEP-C in 2015? Your guidance suggests you have a conservative outlook there. Thank you.
Charlie Bancroft : Okay. I'll start on gross margin and maybe Giovanni can touch on the revenue. Abilify, as I mentioned in my comments is a high margin product for us and we loose almost the entirely of that in April of this year. Eliquis was also which also which is a growing product for us also at very low margin because of our relationship with Pfizer. So we have lower 50% margin. And as we've said all along, our gross margin percentage is solely a function of product mix. So over time depending upon which products and their margin grow faster vis-à-vis the others that will have an impact on our margin. So it is hard to say at this point, at this juncture as we are launching Opdivo which has its very decent margin. And how our margin will play out over the longer term.
Giovanni Caforio: And from the perspective revenues. As I said before, first of all, we are really very excited about the potential for growth of the franchise. And we are getting ready for potential multiple launches in the US and Europe. But obviously there is a degree of variability in our forecast because of the timing of launches over the course of the next 12 months.
Lamberto Andreotti : Okay. So we understand that Pfizer is waiting for you. So we let you go and we -- I want just to conclude by saying that we had a good fourth quarter and a good overall year. Across the organization, we believe we are stronger now and that enables us with the ground running in 2015. I am very happy. I am very proud of what we achieved. I am very confident in what we will achieve. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-24 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President of Public Affairs and Investor Relations Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Securities Issuance Committee Charles A. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Francis M. Cuss - Chief Scientific Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Science & Technology Committee Giovanni Caforio - Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Gregory B. Gilbert - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timothy Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Christopher T. Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Ronak H. Shah - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division David Risinger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Steve Scala - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Colin Bristow - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Charles Anthony Butler - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to John Elicker. Please go ahead, sir.
John E. Elicker: Thanks, Travis. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us to review our Q3 results. With me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. They'll both have prepared remarks. And then also joining are Giovanni Caforio, our Chief Operating Officer; and Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer, who will be here for Q&A. So before I turn it over to Lamberto, I'll handle the Safe Harbor language. During the call, we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Overall, we had a very good third quarter. We delivered strong sales across our key brands. Revenues were $3.9 billion, a 7% increase over last year, excluding the Diabetes business that we still had in 2013. Equally important, throughout the quarter, we made significant progress in delivering our pipeline, with important clinical and regulatory milestones and several business development agreements. With respect to Eliquis, the combined efforts of our sales, marketing and medical team contributed to its strong performance around the world this year. And approval for the VTE treatment in both the U.S. and Europe this quarter provide another strong platform for success. The strength of our data and our progress to date supports our continued high expectations for Eliquis. With respect to hepatitis C, we have a clear opportunity in Japan where hepatitis C patients have had limited treatment options. We received approval for our dual, Daklinza+Sunvepra, Regimen in July and launched in September. This Dual Regimen, which was developed to meet the distinct need of a significant proportion of the Japanese patient population, has the potential to play a major role in curing HCV patients in that country. We are only at the beginning, but the initial performance indicators give us reason to be optimistic. We are also off to a good start in Europe, where the European Commission approved Daklinza for use in combination with other products across multiple genotypes and where we have launched in Germany and a few other countries. In the U.S., we have withdrawn our new drug application for asunaprevir while we continue to pursue FDA approval of Daklinza, focusing on distinct patient populations with unmet medical need. We look forward to presenting important data at the upcoming AASLD meeting in Boston. And with respect to our immuno-oncology platform, we made important, commercial, clinical and regulatory advances in the quarter. From a commercial perspective, Yervoy had best quarter ever with $350 million in sales, a significant increase over last year and continues to be a key treatment for patients with metastatic melanoma. From a clinical and regulatory perspective, we reached a number of key milestones for Opdivo. We completed regulatory filings for melanoma in both the U.S. and Europe. In the U.S., the FDA has granted us priority review and Breakthrough Therapy status. And in Europe, our Marketing Authorization Application has been granted an accelerated review. The European Medicines Agency also recently validated our application for Opdivo in non-small cell lung cancer based on our -063 study. This month, we announced the early results from CheckMate -037, the first Phase III trial of a PD-1 inhibitor. And we are looking forward to presenting additional data for Opdivo in upcoming medical meetings, including lung cancer data later this month, next week in Chicago, the first demonstration of overall survival in melanoma in November at SMR and the first hematology data in December at ASH. And finally, as you know, we have always considered business development being an important source of innovation for us. During the quarter, we finalized a number of new agreements both within immuno-oncology and in other therapeutic areas that are important for us. Charlie will describe them in a minute. Again, taken together, this was a very good quarter across the board, affirming the value and reinforcing the strength of our balanced approach, delivering strong results today while building a solid foundation for tomorrow. And now I will turn the floor to Charlie.
Charles A. Bancroft: Thank you, Lamberto. Good morning, everyone. As Lamberto noted, we had a strong quarter. Our key brands did particularly well, with Eliquis, Yervoy, ORENCIA and SPRYCEL each posting double-digit sales growth versus the same period last year. Let me provide a few highlights. Eliquis sales were $216 million. We saw continued strong growth during the quarter and have recently launched our new indication for VTE treatment in the U.S. and Europe. Our expectation is that the new indication will be an important catalyst for continued growth. While our focus will remain on cardiologists, the progress we've made in new-to-brand prescription share for AFib and the VTE indication should help as we expand more into primary care. In the U.S., net sales for Eliquis were $113 million, up 20% sequentially from the second quarter. And AFib, our new-to-brand share among cardiologists, is now approaching 45%. Overall, Eliquis' total prescription volume and new-to-brand volume continues to grow faster than any other NOAC. Outside the U.S., net sales were $103 million, up 34% from the second quarter. Yervoy sales grew 47% to $350 million. Yervoy had its best quarter since launch and the recent weekly sales trends remain strong. U.S. sales were $191 million, up 47% from the same quarter last year and up 10% from the previous quarter. We continue to make significant gains in first-line use among immuno-oncologists as they become more comfortable treating patients with Yervoy. Sales outside the U.S. totaled $159 million, also up 47% over last year's quarter, and we continue to see strong demand growth in all key markets. Both SPRYCEL and ORENCIA were strong, with sales increasing 22% and 18% respectively. Certainly, the highlight in our virology business was the launch of our Dual Regimen in Japan and Daklinza in Europe for hepatitis C. We reported $49 million in sales during the quarter and early results are encouraging. In Japan, we are focused on the approximately 300,000 patients who are currently diagnosed, half of whom are being actively managed by a physician. In Europe, we have launched in several markets and early trends are positive, particularly in Germany. We continue to face growing competitive pressure across our HIV franchise, including continued erosion for SUSTIVA due to generic competition in Europe. Sales for BARACLUDE were down 14%, mostly due to the loss of exclusivity in the U.S. and softer demand in China. Due to the loss of BARACLUDE exclusivity in the U.S., we anticipate a negative EPS impact of about $0.06 for this year and $0.10 for 2015. A couple of additional points on revenues in 2015. Included in the mature products category are revenues related to a few agreements entered into over the last several years. The structure of those transactions provide a revenue stream primarily through this year and we expect revenues will decline by approximately $400 million in 2015. On the other hand, we had previously expected loss of exclusivity on SUSTIVA in the U.S. in March of next year. While the resolution of patent litigation, we now expect that we will have exclusivity in the U.S. through 2017, which should more than offset the 2015 impact of the mature brand -- products I just mentioned. I would like to spend a moment discussing some business development highlights. During the quarter, we announced several deals to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio. These collaborations with Janssen, Novartis, Celgene and MD Anderson, coupled with earlier deals with Incyte and Celldex among others, demonstrate our commitment to explore a full range of opportunities, including different combinations across multiple tumor types to help us realize the full potential of our immunotherapy in the treatment of cancer. Now a few comments from our non-GAAP P&L. Gross margin was up 240 basis points compared to the same period last year, mostly due to product mix following the divestiture of our global Diabetes business. Marketing, selling and admin expenses decreased 5% to $931 million as our increased investments in Eliquis, Yervoy, Opdivo and our HCV franchise were more than offset by reduced expenses in Diabetes. Our tax rate was 24.2% during the quarter compared to 17.8% for the same period last year. The difference is due to earnings mix plus the expiration of the R&D tax credit, which has not yet been extended for 2014. As previously discussed, our quarterly tax rate will fluctuate due to changes in earnings mix. Regarding guidance for 2014, we are confirming our non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.70 to $1.80. Based on current trends and assumptions, it is likely that we will come in closer to the higher end of the range. Our guidance assumes current exchange rates and that the R&D tax credit will be extended by Congress in 2014. The only line item change in our guidance is the tax rate, which we now expect to be between 19% to 20%. The increase from previous guidance is driven by our earnings mix. Now we'd be happy to address your questions.
John E. Elicker: Thanks, Charlie. And I just like to remind everybody that in addition to Lamberto and Charlie, both Giovanni and Francis are here to handle any questions you might have. Travis?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Seamus Fernandez with Leerink.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: So just a question as it specifically relates to thinking about kind of metrics in third-line lung cancer. Just hoping that you could give us a little bit of a rundown of Bristol's thoughts on the information that you have in terms of the 1-year survival metrics, 2-year survival metrics for the squamous non-small cell lung cancer patient population. And also as it relates to the CheckMate -017 study, any update on the timing of the readout and any sort of -- is it possible that the events are coming in more slowly and that this could slip out? Or do we still expect CheckMate -017, the interim look, to occur this quarter?
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Seamus. Thank you. It's Francis. First of all, let me take the -063 study. We're looking forward to presenting that data next week at the Thoracic Oncology meeting. The -- as you know, it's very difficult to compare across trials in this area because -063 is a highly pre-treated, third-plus line of therapy with no really other approved options or recommendations. But as we've looked at this roughly similar patient population, I would suggest the historical objective response rates in the low to mid-single digits. And you may recall, at ASCO this year, we presented an analysis of SEER registry of Medicare data that showed that perhaps less than 20%, in fact 18%, of the third-line squamous non-small cell lung cancer patients were actually alive after a year. Let me move on to CheckMate -017. As you commented, the timing of the analysis on this study is event-driven. And that means that patients -- the patient mortality will determine when we do the analysis. As we've seen in previous I-O studies, the mortality rate continues to slow down. Our present projection -- and of course, this is a projection, but our present projection is that we will trigger the -- or the Data Management Committee will trigger an analysis at the -- towards the end of the year. And I think it's just worth commenting that, of course, there will be some time, some weeks while they do their analysis. So we remain on track to -- with the present projections to have a year-end triggering of that analysis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gilbert with Deutsche Bank.
Gregory B. Gilbert - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First, 2 quick ones for Charlie. Can you just -- sorry if we missed this, but the other income line, can you break that up between the interest and other stuff? And then on revenue guidance, is Daklinza the offset to the BARACLUDE generic hit that I'm pretty sure wasn't in your guidance previously? And then lastly, I just had a bigger-picture question about the anti-PD-1 space. Are there any observations you can make about Merck's go-to-market strategy so far that sort of shaped how you're thinking about your Opdivo go-to-market strategy?
Lamberto Andreotti: Giovanni, why don't you take the Merck question first and then Giovanni -- and Charlie will continue with the rest.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. Good morning. This is Giovanni. With respect to the question on go-to-market strategy, obviously, our go-to-market strategy for Opdivo will be informed primarily by the very large experience we have with Yervoy and the fact that we have developed a very innovative customer model. When we launched the Yervoy metastatic melanoma, we've developed a very significant experience in terms of the ability to educate physicians in immuno-oncology. So we are obviously looking at building on the very significant experience that we have with Yervoy and further developing our go-to-market strategy with Opdivo when we get approved. I'll just remind you that as a result of, clearly, the strength of the data, the survival advantage of Yervoy and the strategy we followed to educate physicians in the academic setting and the community for Yervoy, we continue to see very, very strong trends in both settings. It's really too early for us to comment on the launch of Keytruda, but as Charlie said, our recent weekly trends in terms of sales continue to be very strong.
Charles A. Bancroft: Yes. I mean, just quickly on -- Greg and you can follow up with John and his team on the details of the other income. Our interest income expense in the U.S., that specifically is relatively the same as it was in the third quarter of last year. And as we've commented before, the transaction services agreement that we have with AstraZeneca pretty much just starts to wind down significantly by the end of the third quarter. So we really won't see much further income from that TSA income on a go-forward basis.
Operator: The next question comes from Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, Francis, for you. Are you still committed to initiating a Phase III combo lung study, Yervoy, nivo and lung? And at some point, will you show us the data from that -- I guess, it's your -012 trial that I would expect you would use to determine which combination or which strategy to go forward with that Phase III trial? And then secondly, do you think that -- is there a read across from the third-line squamous to the second-line trial that hopefully reads out by the end of this year? And if you could kind of confirm whether or not we will actually see overall survival with the third-line squamous study next week.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Jami. Thank you. So first of all, let me talk about the -012 study, which as you recall is a multi-arm study looking at different combinations in lung cancer. It's still ongoing. It's still producing clinical data that's informing our design of our Phase III study in combination. We have sufficient information to complete the design and we're heading towards completing that by the end of the year. I can't actually comment at this point exactly on the design, but you will be able to read about it in clinicaltrials.gov when it gets posted probably at the beginning of next year. As far as the -012 data, we've not yet decided the venue or the timing of the 1-plus-1 data, for instance, although you may see some of the data from the Avastin, nivo study at the Thoracic Oncology Study -- Symposium next week. As far as the read-through between the third line and second line, I think I would say that it is difficult to compare across different patient populations. To repeat, the third-line Study -063 actually includes fourth-line and fifth-line patients, patients who are actually progressing as they went into the study. The second line is a less severe population, although it does really include all comers both in terms of PD-L1 positive and negative. So overall, as we get more data, we remain confident in the Yervoy, Opdivo lung combinations and we're looking forward to initiating the study. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Anderson with Sanford Bernstein.
Timothy Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A few questions, please. Just hoping to clarify on the interim look. So on the interim or any interim looks that will be done on -017 and -057, will you have access to what the data shows? Or will you otherwise be informed in any meaningful way of those findings, apart from if there were to be early stoppage? Or is that something that only the DMC and potentially FDA looks at? Second question is I think you and your competitors monitor each other's moves very closely in the PD-1 space. I'm hoping you can give us your thoughts on whether Roche and Merck might be able to file their own products for approval in lung in early '15, which seems like it could be possible. And then just a clarification on the nivo plus Yervoy combo trial, should we assume that, that will be in PD-L1 negative patients or in all comers?
Francis M. Cuss: Tim, good morning. So let me just talk first throughout the interim data look. A trigger for this is a predetermined number of events, as I've already mentioned, that is slowing down. This is something we've seen before with Yervoy. It's, of course, good for patients and it will trigger the Data Monitoring Committee to do the analysis. We -- even though this is an open study, it's blind to us. We have no access to the data unless it hits the stopping rules, as you say. As far as the moves of our competitors, I'm totally focused on our program and I clearly can't really comment on what they may do or what they may not do. And as far as the combination time line, I would just reiterate that we're looking to have that -- in this, the study design and preparation completed by the end of the year and you will be able to read the fine details of that when it's posted to clinicaltrials.gov presumably in that first quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Christopher T. Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just had 2 here. First, you've expressed some excitement about the opportunity for PD-1s in hematologic cancers and whether you're seeing some initial data at ASH. So I look at these markets, we're seeing a rapidly evolving standard of care. Can you just talk a little bit about where you see the PD-1s ultimately fitting into treatment paradigms here? And the second question was on tax. The company has always done a great job and has one of the lowest tax rates in the group. In light of all just the recent tax scrutiny that's been out there, can you just talk about how you're thinking about your tax rate over the next several years? I know that those double Irish stuff, et cetera, may not apply. But just generally speaking, how do you think about your tax rate over time?
Lamberto Andreotti: Charlie. And not an expected question on taxes.
Charles A. Bancroft: Okay. Backing up, thank you, Chris. As you know, we're not giving any guidance at this point on any particular line item. We're in the middle our budget process and we'll talk about our '15 tax rate in January in the normal cycle. I would say, overall, and I've said this before, that our tax rate is primarily influenced by earnings mix, but also there are onetime items and also very importantly, our tax planning opportunities which allowed us, as you pointed out, to have a fairly good tax rate compared to our peers. And these tax planning opportunities are something that we will continually assess. So until we get to January, I don't think there's more perspective I can provide you on the tax rate.
Lamberto Andreotti: You were talking about the Irish tax double.
Charles A. Bancroft: Yes, I mean, we don't have anything related to the Irish double tax.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Chris. Let me first say that we were very happy to receive Breakthrough Designation for Hodgkin's lymphoma from the FDA and are looking forward to presenting that data and the non-Hodgkin's data at ASH in December. This is clearly in a late-stage group of patients and it's -- you'll have to wait and see what the data is. But I think there is good rationale as well as the data we have to start out at the late stage, but I think it will be potentially attractive because of the potential for long-term survival and the underlying biology of hematological tumors. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew S. Baum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: 3 questions, please. Firstly for Francis, regarding the -017 trial, should I assume that the early stopping rule for the interim has a similar p-value or confidence interval compared to that of the final analysis? It obviously depends which stopping rule you are using. Second, could you remind us when we should expect the first CD137 data? And then finally, could you update us, please, on the filing strategy and timing for Yervoy in the adjuvant melanoma setting?
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Andrew. So I'm not going to get into the detail of the stopping rules either for the interim or the final analysis. As far as the 137 Urelumab data is concerned, those trials are ongoing and we will -- haven't yet decided when and where we might present that data. Certainly, we're considering, for competitive reasons, perhaps not being as forthcoming as we might have done in the past. And let me just move to our plans for the adjuvant melanoma filing. As you know, the data we presented at ASCO in the -029 study was actually quite strong and we are having productive discussions with the FDA and plan to file the adjuvant melanoma data for regulatory approval. As we traditionally do, we'll provide further information when it's accepted by the FDA. But we believe that adjuvant melanoma is a significant area of unmet need and is an important part of our strategy in melanoma.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. And this is Giovanni. And obviously, from a commercial perspective, adjuvant melanoma is treated in many of the same academic institutions where we have established a really strong presence through Yervoy. As Francis mentioned, it's an area of very high unmet medical need. And as we think about preparing for a potential launch, obviously, our focus would be on subpopulations of patients at high risk where we believe that Yervoy can have a very, very meaningful role to play.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum with the ISI Group. [Technical Difficulty]
John E. Elicker: Wow. That's a first.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Sorry, guys. Can you hear me?
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes.
John E. Elicker: We got you, Mark.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. I apologize for that, John. Francis, thanks for all the disclosures. This call has been clear. I really -- I just really appreciate that. If I may ask just one more question on the -017 trial, can you just clarify, I wasn't sure from your remarks, it sounds like you'll have the data in-house, interim data in-house, by the end of the year. Are you still certain that you'll have -- you'll be able to disclose something to investors by the end of the year? And if indeed the trial continues, due to the fact that this is an interim analysis, can you help us out, when do you believe roughly the final analysis would be triggered, please? And then actually, one question for Lamberto, if I might. Just the M&A environment has heated up and cooled down, et cetera. Can you just update us on Bristol's willingness to think about doing an M&A transaction that might be on the larger side? So something that's clearly not defined as a tuck-in.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Mark. So thank you for that question. And I do want to clarify this. We will not have the data in-house unless the study stops. So this is -- this data analysis is triggered by the event and it's performed by the Data Monitoring Committee. It looks like from our projections and of course, they're still a projection because the mortality rate is slowing down, that we will trigger that analysis about the end of the year. Then of course, there's the time for the analysis beyond that. So there will not be a disclosure when the analysis is triggered, it will be if and when the study has stopped, when the analysis is done. And as far as the final analysis is concerned, I mean, it becomes even less certain in a way because obviously, it's still an event-driven study. So we would imagine towards the end of next year, but that is a very distant projection. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti: So about M&As. It is right. There's a lot going on outside there and our point of view has not changed. We continue to look at opportunities of acquiring products, technologies, pipelines in areas that are significant and key to us. We do not consider -- we have never considered inversions that -- as a goal for us because, as I said, we are interested in products and technologies. In terms of size, we are looking at opportunities of a different size. And we believe that we have the financial capacity to go to a large-size operation if we find the opportunity worth investigating. But we are also continuing to look at smaller opportunities and we have announced some and we will announce some more in the near future. Charlie, you want to add something here?
Charles A. Bancroft: No, I mean, I would only add that if you look at our track record, we haven't really done anything of size, but we've always said we are agnostic to the type of deal, structure of deal and size of deal, I mean, just to conclude with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vamil Divan with Crédit Suisse.
Ronak H. Shah - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is a Ronak filling in for Vamil. 2 quick questions. One is on the patent side. Can you give us an update on your litigation against Merck related to Opdivo? And what are the relevant milestones we should be watching then in the time frame for resolution? And then second, just to get a better sense of your strategy in first-line melanoma, have you seen the results of CheckMate -069 at this point and have had any discussions with regulators on that data? And if not, how do you plan to leverage that trial moving forward?
Giovanni Caforio: Very quickly on the IP, we believe in the strength of our IP's position. We will continue to defend it and there is nothing new to announce here. We made it clear that we are not going to block anything that could be negative for patients, but obviously, we are going to defend our intellectual property rights and we are going to do it here and in Europe and elsewhere.
Francis M. Cuss: Ronak, good morning. We do have the data analysis in-house for the -069 study and I'm encouraged by the data. We are working with investigators to determine the venue and timing of the presentation and publication. But I would say that it's premature to disclose any details of our regulatory strategy at this time. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Risinger with Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So I have a couple of questions. First, what I have down on the time line for the -057 non-squamous Phase III trial is that the completion is estimated on clinicaltrials.gov to occur next summer, yet, you were, I think, speaking previously about an interim look early next year. So my first question is could you update us on those 2 time line events? Second, can you explain why the interim look is so close to the conclusion of the trial? And then my second question is a little bit longer -- or my next question is a little bit longer one and it's about Yervoy. So there are sort of 2 views about the outlook for Yervoy in the near term. One view from an expert that we had hosted is that Yervoy use in the community may step up because patients have to fail Yervoy before going on to Keytruda and thus, maybe the use of Yervoy could step up in the near term. A different view is that the threshold to stop Yervoy may be lower than before for some patients because there's obviously an alternative. And so for a patient who is struggling with the side effects of Yervoy, they can drop the therapy at the first sign of toxicity and switch to Keytruda so Yervoy sales could decline in the near term. Could you please give us your view on which scenario is more likely over the next few quarters?
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Dave. So let me clarify exactly what's going with -057. It's very similar to -017 insofar as it's an event-driven study and that the event rate is slowing down, perhaps it's slowing down even more than -017. So there is an anomaly there. As I said, the -- we will -- we're projecting an interim analysis in the first half of next year and of course, it would not be rational to expect a final analysis in the middle of the year according to clinicaltrials.gov. So it's -- like -017, the final analysis will also project out further as well.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, Dave. This is Giovanni. With respect to your question on Yervoy melanoma, obviously, this is a very dynamic marketplace with some events happening and we believe significant developments going forward. I would start from our current position. So when you look at Yervoy today, we have very strong trends. Over 60% of our business in the community is in the community and that is the most rapidly growing segment today. 70% of our use is in the first-line setting. And so the first point is that, clearly, the role of Yervoy in metastatic melanoma is very well established across first and second line and in both the academic setting and the community setting. We are also, I must say, seeing not only very high penetration in BRAF wild-type, but we've also seen a very good increase in the use of Yervoy in the mutant segment in the last couple of quarters. We've always said that it is possible that in the short term, there is volatility in the use of Yervoy. But remember, that the -- that Keytruda is approved in a very specific patient population, in patients that have failed Yervoy and that was confirmed recently in the latest update of the NCCN guidelines. And obviously, we are very focused on the medium and the long term. And there, we continue to be very focused on the fact that combination use in the first-line setting can provide very, very strong hope for a patient's survival in the first year after the therapy started. So hopefully, that adds a little bit on our perspective there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Arfaei with BMO Capital Markets.
Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I have 3, if I may, first 2 for Charlie. How should we think about royalties for nivo in Japan? I see it's registering on your financials this quarter. Could this be a meaningful opportunity for you? And then looking ahead, how should we think about your margins longer term? Obviously, Eliquis will be a drag, given the partnership structure, but your product mix tends to be shifting towards more higher-margin products. And as immuno-oncology becomes a larger contributor, is it fair to expect significant margin expansion opportunity? And then the last one for Francis. Based on everything you've seen so far, is there anything to suggest that more advanced lung cancer patients are more likely to be PD-L1 positive because of prior treatments? And just to clarify, will we have 2-year OS data from the -063 study?
Francis M. Cuss: Yes. So thank you, Alex. So on the Ono collaboration, as we've disclosed in the last quarter, we are partnering -- Ono had the rights to nivo in Japan, South Korea and Taiwan and we partnered with them with 3 of our earlier-stage compounds to form an alliance, whereby, where it's in combination, we will share equally between the 2 companies and where that it's used in as a single agent, that the lion's share will go to each partner in which they share the product. So that's the Ono collaboration. As it relates to gross margin going forward, as you point out, we have Eliquis, which is below 50% margin based upon the deal that we have with Pfizer. And the rest of our products are slightly higher than our overall corporate margin. So you have to really look at the overall mix of products going forward.
Francis M. Cuss: So Alex, let me just comment that we don't have the PD-L1 status in this patient population. There isn't any particular reason to consider they'd be more likely or less to be PD-L1 positive or not. Certainly, we've seen in other studies that we seem to have that representational proportion of PD-L1 positive patients that are the same and more or less across them. As far as the landmark data in terms of 1-year or 2-year, you will see in the abstract and it's presented, published next week, sixth-month data, but the presentation will be on the 1-month data, so...
Giovanni Caforio: 1 year.
Francis M. Cuss: I'm sorry. The quantitative data. So 6 months in the abstract, 12 months in the presentation. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Scala with Cowen and Company.
Steve Scala - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I have 3 questions. There is an expectation that Bristol's long-term multiyear tax rate will be high teens. In fact, I think Bristol may have actually said that at one point. If not, please correct me. But has that expectation changed? Second, to hit the top end of Bristol's 2014 guidance range, Q4 EPS needs to be only $0.42, that's down 18%, making it by far the worst quarter of 2014. Other than BARACLUDE, which also impacted Q3, I'm not sure why this would be the case. So can you amplify? And then the third question. Bristol competitors talk a lot about OX-40 and GITR, yet Bristol doesn't have any at least later-stage programs in these areas. Is that because Bristol simply hasn't come upon a good molecule? Is it due to IP? Or does Bristol question the value of the target? And if it's the latter, why is Bristol skeptical?
Charles A. Bancroft: Thanks, Steve. Charlie. So I'll answer the first 2 parts of your question. So in regard to tax, yes, we previously have stated that we expect the tax rate, not indefinitely, but over the medium term, to be in the high teens. Clearly, that's a function of the factors that I mentioned before, which is earnings mix. And we did see a little bit of up-skew towards higher product earnings in the higher tax rate areas, so that's impacted it slightly. The Diabetes business going away actually hurt the rate a little bit as well. But on average, looking at all the different factors that I mentioned, including our tax planning strategies, yes, I still feel in the medium term that that's a good barometer to use. As it relates to trends, vis-à-vis, how we are looking through the 3 quarters and then in the fourth quarter, a few things to recognize. The bullets of the BARACLUDE impact is going to happen in the fourth quarter, where also as I mentioned earlier, the Diabetes royalties, the way they're structured and the -- so we get a pretty good royalty on the first $500 million. We really don't get much as we get to the balance of this year. We also have the transaction services agreement with AstraZeneca, whereby that pretty much drops off in the fourth quarter. And then we do have commercial investments that we are continuing to make in the business around Yervoy as we begin the preparation for the launch of Opdivo, Eliquis DVT. And also as you look at the R&D spend through the 3 quarters and what we see in the back half of the year, we do see, particularly in regard to I-O, expanded patient enrollment continuation of new study starts, including several clinical collaborations exploring combination regimens. And then we do have some costs related to comparator-arm studies. So by and large, we do see an increase in our overall expenses from a trend-wise in the fourth quarter.
Francis M. Cuss: Steve, good morning. Let me just reemphasize that we totally believe that combinations of I-O agents will play a critical role in bringing this potential long-term survival to the broadest number of patients. And of course, you've seen that in terms of our Phase III starts and potentially data over the next 12 to 18 months. We've also got early development, 3 early development combinations ongoing and our last portfolio in discovery and actually in preclinical development. And I think, notably this year, we've -- as broad as that is, we have actually supplemented that with some collaborations, most notably the Five Prime, the Dana Farber. So yes, we are committed to bringing forward a broad portfolio of potential immuno-oncology combinations. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Bristow with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Colin Bristow - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe switch gears to hep C. Can you talk about how you see your triple regimen being competitively positioned, especially in line with treatment landscape that's moving towards shorter-duration regimens? And then as you're assessing the market opportunity, to what extent do you see price being a competitive lever for those competitors who lack clinical differentiation?
Francis M. Cuss: So thanks, Colin. We're reviewing the recent emerging clinical data from our 2 global 3DAA studies, which you recall is UNITY 1 and UNITY 2 and that those will be presented as soon as the upcoming AASLD the meeting and we'll be evaluating our regulatory strategy in the U.S. as well as other countries in the context of this very fast-moving environment.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. I would say to answer -- this is Giovanni. Good morning. To answer your question on our strategy and particularly with respect to pricing, a couple of comments there. The first one is from a strategic perspective, our priority remains to identify areas of unmet medical needs, of high unmet medical needs and develop regimens that address those. And as we've discussed before, obviously, that is different, depending on the region and the market. With respect to pricing, I -- our belief is that the value continues to be the primary driver in this market like in other markets. And so we are very focused on delivering regimens that deliver high value from a clinical perspective. But obviously, we are working in Europe, in Japan, in other geographies with payers to ensure we work in partner with them to ensure that our products are reimbursed.
Operator: The last question today will come from Tony Butler with Guggenheim Partners.
Charles Anthony Butler - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Francis, just one somewhat broad question again on Opdivo. Certainly, at ESMO, there was a great deal of discussion around the theme of PD-L1 positivity, but more importantly, around enriching populations or trials related to PD-L1 positivity. And as you think about the combination trial, which you said would be announced at least early next year in Clinical Trials, but also in other data sets, what's your view around enriching for PD-L1 positivity? Or do you dismiss that theme totally?
Francis M. Cuss: Tony, good morning. Our approach to this has been -- and I think let me just zoom out a little bit to our biomarker strategy. The -- our entire development program has incorporated biomarker testing, as you know. And we want to understand better not just the objective response rate, but also the linkage of PD-L1 positivity to the overall survival. So all our patients have tumors tested and PD-L1 positivity measured. It's clear that in some cases, PD-L1 -- there is a better response rate with PD-L1 positivity, but also both in monotherapy and particularly in combination therapy, we've seen that patients who are PD-L1 negative do get responses. And we do know that those patients, the PD-L1 negative patients, do contribute to overall survival. So our approach to this is to collect the data, to do the study and we'll look at the data and put together our regulatory submissions based on what that data shows. Thank you.
John E. Elicker: Thanks, Tony. And thanks, everybody, for your questions. Lamberto, any closing remarks?
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you very much, everybody. We had a very good third quarter, good in terms of financial results as well as clinical results and regulatory milestones and we are working actively at delivering good to further in 2014 and beyond. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 22:30:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker - SVP, Public Affairs and IR Lamberto Andreotti - CEO Charlie Bancroft - EVP and CFO Giovanni Caforio - EVP and CCO Francis Cuss - CSO 
Analyst:  Colin Bristow - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tim Anderson - Sanford Bernstein  Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Steve Scala - Cowen Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Vamil Divan - Credit Suisse Chris Schott - JPMorgan Jeff Holford - Jefferies  Marc Goodman - UBS  Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets  
Operator: Good day and welcome to today’s Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President Investor Relations and Public Affairs. Please go ahead, sir.
John Elicker: Thanks, Aaron, and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining the call to review our Q2 results. Before we get started, let me take care of the Safe Harbor language. During the call, we’ll make statements about the Company’s future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company’s SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. With me this morning, we have Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer and Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Both Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks, and then joining for Q&A Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer and Giovanni Caforio, our Chief Commercial Officer. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, John. Good morning everyone. Well, we just completed another good quarter of Bristol-Myers Squibb, good in terms of financial performance and good in terms of clinical results and regulatory milestone. Overall, revenues were 3.9 billion, a 7% increase over the last period excluding the diabetic business that we still had in the second quarter 2013. We delivered strong growth of our key products in particular of Eliquis and Yervoy. For Eliquis, we continue to execute against our strategy to clearly capitalize on a differentiated and unique profile. And we continue to improve the persistent trend generated by the increased resources, we and Pfizer have been devoting to direct-to-consumer advertising in the U.S. and to sales force expansion and peer-to-peer medical education activities in all countries. We also make good improvement in access, and the level of Eliquis is expanding beyond atrial fibrillation. We just received a positive recommendation for approval in Europe for the treatment of recurrent DVT and pulmonary embolism and subsequent approval the final registration should be formalized in August. The same indication is under regulatory review in the U.S. Yervoy also had a very strong performance this quarter. Best quarter ever with $321 million in sales, a 38% increase over the last period. We continue to see strong demand worldwide. As we advance and expand our immune-oncology leadership position, we continue to view Yervoy as an important component of our strategy both in mono-therapy and in combination regimens. With respect to other regulatory developments, the big news this quarter was our recent Japanese approval of our hepatitis C dual regimen, daclatasvir and asunaprevir. Because of significant development for the 1.2 million hepatitis C patients being in Japan, many of whom currently have no treatment options. It was also significant for our company for Bristol-Myers Squibb. This was the first approval of our dual regimen anywhere world and this is the first time the first approval of one of our product and in fact two products at the same time occurred in Japan, something that underscores the global nature of our company. And while the Japan approval was the first, we also expect important news in other key markets starting with Europe where the CHMP has given daclatasvir a positive opinion for use with our agent. This has also been a very important quarter for Opdivo or nivolumab with key data presentation, new regulatory development and new collaborations that enhance our global development portfolio. We presented important data at ASCO regarding renal cell carcinoma, lung cancer and melanoma as monotherapy and in combination regimens.  A double blind Phase III Opdivo study in melanoma was stopped for a very good reason. The data was too good to keep patients under treatment with the traditional chemotherapy to which it was compared.  In the U.S. we recently announced our plan to seek marketing approval for Opdivo in advanced melanoma with the filing with the FDA in the third quarter. This is an addition to the raw information in lung cancer that we are previously initiating and that should be completed by the end of the year. For Europe we have just received confirmation this morning that the CHMP Daklinza accelerated assessment formula static melanoma, we expect to complete our European metastatic melanoma submission in Q3. And yesterday we completed a strategic collaboration with Ono pharmaceuticals to help address the unmet medical needs of patients who have cancer in Japan, South Korea and Taiwan. This follows the approval Ono received for Opdivo in Japan making it the first PD-1 approved anywhere. We will have more important milestone for our immuno-oncology program in the coming months including regulatory submissions and data readouts. We are definitely uniquely positioned and we believe we can realize the potential immuno-oncology without our deep and large portfolio and our experience and committed people. Taken together this was a good quarter one that reflected our balanced approach for delivering strong results today while building a solid foundation for tomorrow. And now I will turn the floor to Charlie. 
Charlie Bancroft:  Thank you, Lamberto and good morning everyone. Overall, we had a very good second quarter with strong growth across most of our key brands. Let me provide a few highlights. Eliquis sales were 171 million. As Lamberto noted, our continued investments are building momentum for Eliquis around the world. In the U.S. net sales for Eliquis were 94 million up 54% from the first quarter. Our new to brand share among cardiologist has grown nearly eight share points since the start of the year. Outside the U.S. net sales were 77 million up 71% from the first quarter. In addition to Germany where Eliquis used to remain strong we are seeing robust growth elsewhere in Europe, especially Italy and France following recent launches there. We are also seeing very good growth in Japan. We continue to make progress in broadening our label, we launched our Ortho indication for deep vein thrombosis in the U.S. in mid-April and expect regulatory decisions for BTE treatment in the U.S. by late August and in Europe by the end of the year. Yervoy sales grew 38% to 321 million, U.S. sales were 173 million, Yervoy’s best quarter since launch. Sales outside the U.S. totaled 148 million led by market such as Germany, France and just recently the U.K. where we have reimbursement in the first blind study. We also reported strong sales in Australia, Brazil and Canada. Driven by our execution in the markets we are seeing increased awareness about immunotherapy and more community oncologist prescribing Yervoy for the first time. Orencia sales increased 14% to 402 million. Orencia had a solid quarter due to higher demand in the U.S., Canada and South America. Orencia SubQ has growing 60% worldwide since the same quarter last year and 18% sequentially from the first quarter as we continue to improve our performance in the first blind study. SubQ now accounts for 40% of all Orencia sales even as the IV remains strong. We did see softness in our Virology business in the quarter. In our HIV franchise, we are seeing increased competitive pressure for Reyataz and the continued impact of last year’s loss of exclusivity for Sustiva in Europe. For Baraclude, sales were down 1%, strong sequential and year-over-year growth for Baraclude in the U.S. and Europe was offset by lower demand in China and inventory work down in Japan. Abilify sales were 555 million during the quarter including 97 million in Europe. Recall that our rights to Abilify in Europe expired on June 11. As a result we no longer had any commercial interest in or obligations to Abilify in Europe which has accounted for the majority of our Abilify sales outside the U.S. Before moving to the rest of our P&L, let me remind everyone how we account for the diabetes transaction as this is the first full quarter since we divested our diabetes franchise in February. We record diabetes related royalties in other income. Due to tiered structure of these royalties we recorded the largest royalty income for 2014 in Q2. These royalties are expected to decline as the year progresses.  Our other income line also includes transitional services income from AstraZeneca of over 30 million in the quarter. We expect this income to taper off between now and the end of the year. We also expect to book diabetes product supply revenues of about 30 million per quarter through yearend. For details about our diabetes royalty tier structure and other diabetes related revenues and expenses, please see our SEC filings. Now, let me highlight a few items from our non-GAAP P&L. Gross margin was 75.5% during the quarter, up 110 basis points compared to the same period last year, mostly due to product mix following the divestiture of our diabetes business. Marketing, selling and admin expenses increased 9% as our increased investments in Eliquis, Yervoy and our pre-launched assets in immuno-oncology and hepatitis C were offset by reduced expenses in diabetes. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 21.3% during the quarter compared to 13.8% for the same period last year. The difference is due to earnings mix plus the exploration of the R&D tax credit, which has not yet been extended. I want to spend a few moments discussing business development. Our approach has not changed. We continue to view business development as a top priority for capital allocation and we will continue to explore opportunities to enhance our commercial and R&D portfolios. These opportunities must meet three criteria. They must be aligned with our diversified specialty biopharma strategy. They must have a strong scientific rationale and they must have the potential of providing the meaningful return to our shareholders. Since last quarter, we have signed several agreements to strengthen our global IO development portfolio. As Lamberto mentioned, yesterday we announced an agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical to jointly develop and commercialize Opdivo, Yervoy and three of our early-stage IO assets in Japan, South Korea and Taiwan. This agreement significantly enhances our ability to pursue combination regimens with Opdivo as the foundation since Ono previously owned exclusive rights to Opdivo in these markets. Similarly, our recently announced agreements with Incyte and Celldex will expand a number of clinical trials involving Opdivo and other immunotherapy. I will conclude my remarks on 2014 guidance. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.70 to $1.80 is unchanged. Our guidance assumes we retain exclusivity on Baraclude quick sales in the U.S. at least through the end of 2014. It also assumes that the R&D tax credit will be extended this year. Now, we'll be happy to address your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Although, first the Colin Bristow with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Colin Bristow - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a little more on the business develop priority front, given the increasing competition in the IO space and how leveraged you are to the story, has this changed your appetite or how you’re thinking about doing deals within IO versus diversifying into other therapeutic areas?  Number two on Eliquis, congrats on the results this quarter; can you just give us a little more color on what’s going well, whether there is still room for improvement?  And then just finally if you could just give me a bit more color on what we should expect from you between now and yearend in terms of data readouts and any color around as international would be helpful? Thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti:   Okay a few questions. Let me start with BD and I don't know Charlie if you want to add something to what I am going to say, but on BD, the criteria that Charlie mentioned in his remarks apply to both immuno-oncology and other areas. So to answer your questions, we’re looking at opportunities in both immuno-oncology and other areas, and the concept is always -- the goal is always to add things that make our overall portfolio stronger which is a selective integration of external R&D and internal R&D.
Charlie Bancroft:
 : Anything I would add in regard to IO, we are pioneers in this space. We have a lot of assets. We have deep knowledge and great scientists. So, we tend to be a strong partner of choice within the IO space and we will continue to look for deals in that area that makes sense that meet our criteria. And we continue to at look at ideas across the spectrum outside of IO. As you know, we signed the iPierian deal earlier this year which is one indication of things that we’re looking at.
Lamberto Andreotti:
 : So let’s move to Eliquis, we always note that the strength of the Eliquis clinical data is really unmatched among the novel anticoagulants, and we are glad that this strength is increasingly understood, and it’s increasingly appreciated by physicians. And the (dataset we have generated in a team) [ph] is clearly being reinforced as we bring additional indications to the market. Do you want -- Giovanni do you want to say a few more things about or few things about [indiscernible]?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, thank you and good morning. So we indeed had a good quarter with Eliquis. In the U.S., we had a very good quarter in key international markets and I’ll make a couple of comments about both areas. In the U.S. we saw good progression and trends with a 40% increase in NBRx volume and a 50% increase in TRx volume versus the previous quarter. Interest in notably in cardiology which is really our area of primary focus, our NBRx share grew to 38% but interestingly we also started seeing really good trends and progression in primary care where our NBRx share grew significantly to 28% versus the previous quarter. What’s driving our performance in the U.S. is really first what Lamberto mentioned the strength of our profile and our clinical data, second, solid execution of our strategy and I'll point to a few things. First, we clearly have set an objective to continue to strengthen our access position and in the second quarter we were able to continue to make progress with formula relisting of Eliquis in now over 90% of our target hospitals. Second, on the access side, we were able to add a preferred status with approximately 20 million incremental license in the U.S. we had good success with Caremark and well point and now we have very strong preferred access to the tune of about 60% on the commercial side and 80% on the Medicare side. And this obviously is a development that will continue to generate growth going forward.  We have very competitive investment levels in the U.S. and leading share of voice in cardiology and primary care and we continue to make investments in medical education and in DTC advertising.  Thinking about the U.S. as Lamberto mentioned, we had an ongoing file with the FDA for BTE treatment and we think that is a meaningful opportunity going forward first broadening of our label, reinforces the strength of our profile, it also continues to result in growing our prescribers base and we consider that to be very important. Just a couple of comments outside of the U.S. we have strong performance in European in those markets that were reimbursed first like Germany, we continue to make key inroads against Pradaxa and Xarelto in other markets like France that launched recently enjoyed very strong initial uptake.  Outside of Europe and Japan which is another one of our priority markets, you will remember that at the beginning of the year, our initial reimbursement restriction was lifted following that we had a very rapid acceleration of our growth and I am really happy to report that in terms of the dynamic segment Eliquis is now the leading agent in terms of the ability to capture new and switch patients in the market we are leaders with a 40% share in the total dynamic segment. We are leading in terms of the switch share and approaching Xarelto in terms of the new patient shares so very strong performance there as well.
Charlie Bancroft:
 : Good morning Colin. We have an exciting second half of the year in terms of data flow. We have the O-63 results [indiscernible] results coming up with the multidisciplinary symposium in forensic oncology in October. We are very excited about our hematological malignancy data in both non-Hodgkin's and Hodgkin's lymphoma which we would be presenting at ASH in December. We clearly have data coming in house for O-17 and O-57 and during the next few months O-69 and as far as the CheckMate 37 and CheckMate 66 in melanoma, we are talking at the moment to our investigators to determine exactly our presentation and publication strategy but we are very excited about the data and we are looking forward to sharing that with the medical community over the next few months.
Lamberto Andreotti:
 : Okay, Aron can we go to next question please.
Operator:  Yes, sure we will go next to Tim Anderson with Sanford Bernstein.
Tim Anderson - Sanford Bernstein :  Thank you, couple of questions please. Last quarter when you announced the plans for rolling submission with needle online there were lot of questions about additional data FDA might want to see and that sort of thing and it felt like there wasn’t much that you could say at that point but here we are three months later I’m wondering if you have any new information you can share.  And then a separate question is kind of going back to M&A, in terms of target sizes that Bristol is considering, I’m wondering if you can bracket those for us, some companies have said that they will only be pursuing small bolt on targets I don’t think Bristol has ever really used that language and related to this topic is tax conversion, realistic possibility for something that you may be seeking in any potential acquisitions?
Lamberto Andreotti:
 : Good morning Tim. Let me say that risk rate, we have started the rolling submissions we expect to complete it by the year’s end. The base is all the submission is O-63 data but as you appreciate there is substantial data that will share during the second half of the year that would be available to the FDA but beyond saying that we've had regular and productive discussions with the FDA, I won’t comment further on our regulatory timing or our strategy. So about five M&A to a never made statements about small size being our target and we are not going to make it today, so we continue to use the criteria that Charlie described and looking at different sizes of opportunities. And going back again to the criteria that Charlie described, financial criteria including that criteria is important, but for us technology products are important and therefore tax inversion per se is not an individual target that we are going after.
Charles Bancroft: Yes, I mean, I would just add that while we do understand the rationale for tax inversion strategy including the potential tax rate improvement and increased balance sheet flexibility. There are several things from our perspective that we would consider, and one is our tax rate is already low on a relative basis, two, future legislation is unclear and hard to predict in this area; and three as Lamberto mentioned tax is not the primary driver of our M&A strategy. I mentioned our criteria in my remarks and I would say that only transactions that fit all three we would pursue.
Operator: We'll got next to Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs: Thanks you. Francis, there is a couple of questions. Your plan to file nivolumab this quarter for previously treated advanced melanoma, is there an opportunity to seek a broader melanoma label and then it seems you have additional from your earlier Phase I trials that could support a broader label.  And secondly on CheckMate-069 which I think you briefly mentioned that’s the combination Phase II study, my understanding is that, that trial is expected to end this month and that you’ll have access to that data, is there an opportunity to use that data to supplement your Phase III melanoma trial to include the combination? Thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti:
 : Okay, you asked the question to Francis and Francis will answer the question. I just want to ask Francis also to speak about European submission because Jami you’re referring to the U.S. submission, but the news of the morning is that we are filing this quarter also in Europe and the CHMP gave us accelerated review status for our submission. Francis?
Francis Cuss: Thank you, Jami. Good morning. So first of all, let me talk about our submission in previously treated melanoma both in the U.S. and in Europe. In the United States, the basis of our submission is the CheckMate-37 data. And while the 066 data, we believe is very important, as you appreciate, this was a study that was characterized and designed together with the CHMP. It was conducted in Europe and Canada where the comparator was first line therapy. It is very striking that it shows a survival benefit against the comparator. And of course we will be sharing with the regulatory authorities because we do believe it’s important.  As far as Europe, the basis of that submission in the third quarter will be the CheckMate-37 and the CheckMate-66. And then you mentioned about CheckMate-069, we don’t have the data. As I said, we’ll be getting the data in-house in the next few months. I think it’s premature for me to speculate what we will do with that data until we have it and we see what it is. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Seamus Fernandez with Leerink.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink: Thanks for the question. Actually I have a couple of quick questions. First off can you update us on trends in the HIV market and what’s happening specifically with Reyataz? We're seeing some fairly precipitous declines in Reyataz sales and just wanted to get an update on what your thoughts are on the market there particularly considering that product runs out to 2018?  And then separately, as we think about the -- I just wanted to clarify a couple of things, CheckMate-057 the non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer study, Francis, I believe you said that 057 could have data in-house towards the end of this year, is that an interim look at 057 and I know that it's event driven, but is that an interim look at 057 or is this actually the final look? And could that be something that actually occurs next year?  And then my last question is, we just noticed on ClinicalTrials.gov, you did initiate an expanded access or a program with the combination of Yervoy plus Opdivo in melanoma, just wondering how that expanded access program works into your long-term strategy in melanoma, is this designed to really educate more physicians or is it going to be rolling out with the same clinical trial sites. Thanks so much.
Giovanni Caforio :  Seamus, this is Giovanni. Let me just take the question on HIV first. Obviously this is a market where we have strong presence, we have over 35% of all the markets through regimens and it is a very competitive market where we've seen the entry of a number of new competitors that are impacting the dynamics and trends there. With respect to Reyataz, we have seen a decrease in our volume and TRxs in the U.S. are down 8% in the quarter versus previous year. That’s driven really by two factors, its driven by the launch of new STRs and the increased penetration of STRs in early lines and the night setting where the share of Reyataz has traditionally has been quite strong and also it’s been driven by an acceleration of the growth of integration inhibitors. We obviously have a number of programs in place to continue to support our program we just point to the U.S. filing for our FDC of Reyataz and Cobicistat we think that’s a meaningful opportunity. It under review of the FDA and obviously we're very focused on that. Outside of the U.S. we see some similar trends in Europe but also I would say that year to year comparison for the international business which is down 16% versus prior year are really impacted by timing of significant tenders in our business in Brazil that are impacting both the Q2 to Q1 comparison and substantially the comparison to previous year.
Lamberto Andreotti:
 : Thank you, Seamus. Let me just say that the O-57 non-squamous study, it is as you say an event driven study the timing of which is around about the end of the Eliqus does depend a lot on the events and as you appreciate as patients go longer and hopefully get more survival benefits, the exact of that depends a bit on what’s happening in the study but it is an interim analysis.  As far as the EAP for the combination is concerned, as you noted that is now open, its CheckMate-218 and it is the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy in untreated melanoma patients and that of course is to try and meet the need of patients following the excitements around the CheckMate four days that was presented at ASCO and the unprecedented prolongation of survival in that exploratory study. I do want to add however that in addition to the last question about O-69 there is also we have O-67 CheckMate O-67, which is a phase III study in combination, there is a big focus for us in the combination because we think it has the potential to offer unprecedented not just duration but increase the number of patients that might have benefit. That is a phase III study comparing Yervoy, Opdivo and the combination primary end point of [indiscernible] like most of our phase III study has the optionality to look at shorter end points. So, EAP program is part of just a broader approach to both monotherapy and we think importantly combination therapy. Thank you.
Operator:  Yes, so we'll go next to Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve Scala - Cowen:  Thank you, I have three questions. First, Bristol typically announces NDA acceptances and not filings. So, assuming that it is ultimately accepted, you anticipate telling us that the NDA for nivolumab in previously treated advanced melanoma has been accepted in Q3, implying the filing is very near term given the 60 days spread between acceptance and filing? So that’s the first question. Second, sorry if I missed it but is Bristol still on track to initiate the phase III trial of Nivo plus [indiscernible].  And then thirdly, when we think about the O-17 trial and the severity of patients enrolled, how should we think about the survival in the docetaxel arm. Recent trials with [indiscernible] people have shown docetaxel delivering overall survival of nine months yet the label says four to eight, any perspective or color would be appreciated. Thank you.
John Elicker: Hey Steve, it’s John. I'll take the first question. We usually do like you know when we are planning our submissions but our formal communication with the press release you are correct is when we issue a press release just when those filings are accepted so the next you'll hear from us on the U.S. filing is when that filing is accepted.
Lamberto Andreotti:
 : Good morning Steve. So, first of all let me say that the CheckMate 12 study is ongoing and is informing us with in house data about the design for a potential upcoming study in lung in the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy and I will say it’s informative and we are still on track to initiate that study before the end of the year. As far as the O-17 study, I think you have to be careful, we all have to be careful about comparing different patient populations in different studies because it can often be misleading.  So for instance you brought up the example of the REVEAL study. And I think in the REVEAL study the patient population that is normally contraindicated for angiogenesis therapy was actually not included in that study. That was about, we believe about 25% of the lung cancer population has a lower functional ability and might well explain if that's excluded why Docetaxel actually look better in that study. But I think the general message is we are comfortable with the population we have in the 017 study, we think it’s a good population to represent the potential we believe Opdivo has for prolonging survival and showing overall survival in lung cancer. Thank you. 
Operator: Yes, sure we will go next Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group: The first one, you really hadn’t had we tend to get all the attention at (CEBIT) [ph] looks like you will be major player in the U.S. market within a year or so. So I was just wondering if you could in some kind of a general sense talk about your philosophy on using price to compete in the hepatitis C market if that’s possible?  Second question please if I may is I believe you’ve talked a little bit about publically now about the statistical techniques being used in the squamous second line nivolumab trial that may increase the probability of detecting a signal [indiscernible] that is increasing the probability of success. Perhaps you could explain that to us what that statistical technique is and why it might enhance your ability to detect the late tail.  And the third one is just very simple. You mentioned non-Hodgkin's lymphoma at ASH this year. Just wondering if you could tell us without -- obviously without any details in there but if you could tell us whether or not you think you’ve seen a convincing signal in NHO or not, that would be interesting. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti:  This is Lamberto. Giovanni will tell you a few things about our plan for FC, but it's one thing for sure that we'll not tell you is about anything about prices, Mark. It is clear that we will not disclose anything about prices until we reach the market and there is a lot of attention we are giving to this subject internally before we reach a final decision.
Giovanni Caforio : Yes, Mark, just a couple of comments, and this Giovanni. Just a couple of comments on hep C. So as we’ve discussed before we have clearly a global strategy in hep C that’s centered around daclatasvir as an ideal component of multiple regimens, but we also have in that context specific regional strategies and we’ve made progress across the board during the quarter. So obviously Japan is the number one priority for us because of the approval of the dual and the significant unmet medical need in genotype 1b patients in Japan.  We are conducting as we speak pricing negotiations in Japan and we are confident that we will be ready to launch at the beginning of September and that clearly we see as a very significant opportunity for us. We received CHMP positive opinion for the use of daclatasvir in Europe in combination with multiple other agents and we believe that our opportunities in Europe with daclatasvir because of the existence of segments of the population of high unmet medical need that are particularly well suited to the use of daclatasvir in combination with sofosbuvir and potentially other agents and obviously we're getting ready to launch in Europe. And as you know, we do have an ongoing filing with the FDA for our dual regimen and we are -- we see that as an important event as well.
Lamberto Andreotti:
 : Good morning, Mark. I think there is elements to the analysis question and both of which have been much informed by our long experience with Yervoy. The first one is the timing of the analysis and the other as you say is the analytical model. Let me take the analytical model first of all. Traditionally, median overall survival is being used to measure the effects on the Kaplan-Meier curve.  As we've shown with Yervoy, we are beginning to see now is Opdivo much of the benefits if you are looking for (durable) [ph] responses and overall survival is seen in the bottom part of the curve later on in the clinical trial. So we use the proportional hazard ratio to make sure we capture that survival benefit.  Now the other issue of course is if you don’t wait long enough for patients in the study, you run the risk of missing that benefit, because you’ve analyzed it too soon. So again our experience here is very important both to understand the model and [indiscernible] the right time to do the study and of course that was why we moved back the indication of the timing because we are able to shift our model and understand how to do that.  As far non-Hodgkin's lymphoma at ASH, let me make a general comment that we are getting increasingly excited about our portfolio in hematological malignancies, certainly in terms of Opdivo, you will be seeing data at ASH for non-Hodgkin's and Hodgkin's lymphoma. I think you have to make your own judgment about that, but what I will say is we were interested enough, excited enough by that data to start up mid stage studies, which I will say are recruiting very well. But we also have the combination study ongoing with Sprycel in CML. And of course we have our elotuzumab which again in multiple myeloma that gives us a real opportunity. So we're very excited overall about the expansion of our position in hematological malignancies. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse.
Vamil Divan - Credit Suisse: Yes, thanks for taking the question. So just on the Nivo, you mentioned interim looks for 017 and 057, just my question is, are there futility analyses incorporated into those interim looks or can they only be stopped if there are clear signs of security for the activations?  And then second one just one hep C, congrats there again the Japan news you mentioned, just you talked a lot about the near-term opportunity but just longer term, if you can touch on what you see as a longevity of the market. And do you see yourself being a player over the long-term in that space, and if so, do you need to do further investment in terms of maybe acquiring new or some other assets beyond what you’re have in your control right now? Thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti:
 : So, I do want to start with hep C. We consider virology as one area of focus for us in terms of our presence in HIV, our presence in hepatitis B, and our presence now in hepatitis C. And it is clear that we continue to look at opportunities also in that team that area. And I think I don’t want to repeat again but I will, but we have the [indiscernible] that Charlie mentioned before that if we keep in mind and they apply also to biology. Biology remains an area of focus for us.
Charlie Bancroft:
 : All our large studies have data [indiscernible] committees in them who would obviously look at safety of the product and of course in the case of 066, they were looking to adapt and it turned out to be stop because Opdivo was actually superior. What I would say, and I think it’s a very important point is even though this in ClinicalTrial.gov says it’s an open study, we are keeping blind to this, so we do not see what is going on in the study and I think that’s an important point. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Chris Schott - JPMorgan: The first one is, as we think up to the Opdivo launch next year in melanoma and lung, can you just help us think a little bit and frame this comparing and contrasting how you see this launch and its dynamics relative to we start with Yervoy in melanoma back in 2001, I am just trying to understand how you’re seeing those two launches comparing to another?  The second question was maybe just if you can elaborate on some of your earlier comments regarding increased usage of Yervoy with community oncologist. Can you just update us a little bit in terms of the mix of usage you’re seeing here in terms of community versus the center is, maybe also a breakdown of frontline and second line?  And then finally just a third quick one, 2015 expenses, is there any factor we should keep in mind as we're thinking about our model here. I guess specifically, should we think about a lot more in the way of SG&A as you prepare for the Opdivo rollout. I'm trying to get my hands around how you're thinking about spending going forward. Thanks very much.
Giovanni Caforio :
 : With respect to the use of Yervoy today, I would say that we have approximately 40% share of the market when you look at the totality of the market, our share is significantly higher in the bit of well tight segment of the market where virtually all of our uses in first line and obviously our share is lower in the bit of mutant segment of the market where we see more Yervoy being used in second line.  Thinking about the launch of Opdivo next year, in lunch and melanoma, I think there are a number of parallels to the launch of Yervoy because we have developed a really good understanding of how to affectively educate physicians in the community setting and in the academic institutions about the use of immono-oncology agents. We've been very successful in doing that with the Yervoy and clearly have developed the ability to do that when we launch Opdivo as well. There obliviously will be some differences because the prescribing population for lung for example is broader, it’s a larger number of physicians, they tend to be based more in the community versus melanoma and they have not had as much experience with immuno-oncology agents. So, we obviously will do the same thing we did in 2011 when we launched the Yervoy, we will begin to educate physicians on the value of immunotherapy options to long term survival opportunity and we will follow the same model.  Within melanoma obviously prescribing physicians are very knowledgeable, they are prescribers of the Yervoy believers in the Yervoy we have a good organization in place that can begin to promote Opdivo when that is approved. I will just mention that obviously we are making all of the right investment, will increase the size of our teams and we are preparing actively for launch for Opdivo.
Charlie Bancroft:
 : Just quickly on 2015 expenses as you know we don’t give out forward guidance but I would say though that we are committed to making all the right investments as we think about our business moving forward particularly as you think about IO and hepatitis C both on the R&D side and as Giovanni just mentioned on the commercial side. We also always are looking at where can we find savings across our P&L that really aren't directly focused on the areas that we think are going to drive long term growth.
Operator:  We will go next to Jeff Holford with Jefferies.
Jeff Holford - Jefferies :  Hi, thanks for taking my questions. So, the first one is just around 2015 earnings, see the consensus is looking for EPS around 171 next year, this is a 178 this year in consensus now. Given the repeated comments you'd be making regarding SG&A what you have already cut from behind Abilify, do you think consensus is fully appreciated these given the sell side models that you see?  And secondly I just wanted to also ask because I haven’t really heard you specially talk about what you think Roche might be moving forward quite rapidly in the triple negative breast cancer segment with immuno-oncology with their PBO-1, is this an indication that you've looked at, and anything could be interesting for ipilimumab. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti:
 : 2015 is a bit too early to speak about it and we will issue guidance as usual at the right time, so apologies but we'll not address your question 2015.
Charlie Bancroft:
 : I think in terms of our ongoing studies Jeff, we have a lot of studies early on, triple negative breast but also in GASTRITIS, in terms of surely pancreatic and so on and so forth. So, we acknowledge there is a lot of medical need and a great opportunity to go through with it. So, we are looking at all of these and obviously we'll move stuff forward as we already have in the last few months if feel as a real opportunity there, thank you.
Operator:  We'll go next to Marc Goodman with UBS.
Marc Goodman - UBS :  Same kind of question a little bit differently, when you think about R&D and investing in R&D over the next couple of years obviously we're going to have the sales line starting to ramp up with IO and FC, so are you going to take advantage of that opportunity and increase R&D more or do you have feel like that mid-single digit growth in the next couple of years is probably appropriate?  Second question is, can you just help us on the tax rate and how we should think about third quarter versus fourth quarter and the dramatic difference to kind of get to your 18th guidance?
Lamberto Andreotti:
 : I don’t know if Francis asked you to ask this question about if R&D budget for the next two years but for sure we will continue to invest in all opportunities we find. We're investing in we have done it for the last few years we continue to do it so, our idea is not to decide on R&D expenses based on the percentage of sales that we can afford but on the value of our programs. You want to speak about that?
Charlie Bancroft:
 : Yeah, I will just briefly on Marc, regarding the tax rate. Our tax rate is primarily a function of earnings mix but I would say for 2014 a big component is the R&D tax credit which hasn’t been extended yet by Congress. So, that’s why you will see fluctuation so through the first two quarters it doesn’t reflect the benefit of the R&D tax credit, will only reflect that once that legislation is passed. 
Operator:  We will take our final question from Alex Arfaei with BMO Capital Markets.
Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets:  Good morning, thanks for taking the questions. Just a couple of quick follow ups, have you picked the dose for the Yervoy Nivo combo in the phase 3 non-small lung cancer you mentioned that, you are following CheckMate 12 but I am just wondering if they are closer to finding the right dose there and could you comment or elaborate a little bit more on the hep C opportunity in Japan with some more specifics, it looks like you have the market to yourself for about a year, if I recall some more advanced cohort of patients with greater unmet needs. So, if you give us more color on how we should think about that opportunity in the near term, it may be great. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti:
 : Alex, thank you very much. Basically as I said the CheckMate 12 is very informative, we are designing the study we are on track and I think you are going to read about the study design and the dose in ClinicalTrials.gov when it’s actually published. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: And with respect to -- this is Giovanni, with respect to the hep C opportunity in Japan, yes we are very focused on it, it is a meaningful opportunity. We are first in the market. The unmet medical need is very high approximately 1.2 million patients in Japan, 70% of them with genotype 1b. A population that is disproportionately elderly and intolerant to interferon in Japan. We are launching the dual starting from a very strong position because of our leadership position in hepatitis in Japan and the very high market share we have with Baraclude. That’s one of the largest markets around the world for us for that brand and we’ve made the right investments in order to have the right organization in place to launch. We believe that our dual is particularly well suited to address the unmet medical need of patients in Japan. As I said, we are negotiating pricing. Obviously, we will be targeting at the beginning those patients that are already being diagnosed, that are already actively seeking treatment. There is approximately 150,000 patients that are currently seeking physicians and are seeking a treatment option. There is a second segment of the population of approximately the same size which is also diagnosed but not actively being seen by physicians. That’s an opportunity for us as well and obviously in the medium term, the full population represents a significant opportunity for us as well, but we will be rethinking about the different stages of the launching very rapid sequence there.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, Giovanni. Well, again, we had a good second quarter, good in terms of financial performance as well as clinical results and regulatory milestones. We thank you for participating to this call and wish you a good day. Thank you.
John Elicker: Thanks Lamberto, Giovanni, Francis, and Charlie, and everybody for joining the call. As always, if you have any follow-up questions, please give me a call or (Randy or Ryan) [ph]. Have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker – Senior Vice President-Public Affairs and Investor Relations Lamberto Andreotti – Chief Executive Officer Charles Bancroft – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Giovanni Caforio – Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Francis Cuss – Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer
Analysts: Chris T. Schott – JPMorgan Securities LLC Vamil K. Divan – Credit Suisse Securities LLC Jami Rubin – Goldman Sachs & Co. Tim Minton Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Seamus Fernandez – Leerink Swamm, LLC John T. Boris – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Andrew S. Baum – Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Mark J. Schoenebaum – ISI Group Inc. David R. Risinger – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Marc Goodman – UBS Securities LLC Alex Arfaei – BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2014 First Quarter Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker. Please go ahead.
John Elicker: Thanks, Jamie and good morning everybody. thanks for joining us. With me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer; Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer and Giovanni Caforio, our Chief Commercial Officer. Lamberto, Francis and Charlie will have prepared remarks and then we’ll go to your questions. So before I turn it over to Lamberto, let me cover the Safe Harbor Language. During this call, we’ll make statements about the company’s future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company’s SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. During the call, we’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these financial measures to most comparable GAAP measures are available at www.bms.com. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Well, thank you, John. Good morning everyone. We have a lot to discuss today. First, I want to mention our nivolumab study in third-line squamous non-small-cell lung cancer, known as Study 063. As you know, this is something you’re all interested in. We had productive discussions with the FDA regarding the study and we will be initiating a rolling submission for this indication in the next few days. I feel extremely good about. Having said that, we’ll switch to our first quarter results – our good first quarter results. Our non-GAAP earnings per share improved 12% to $0.46, compared to last year. And our top line performance was meaningful. Excluding our diabetic franchise, sales increased 5%, while our new and in-line brands increased 8%. Our core products performed well with double-digit growth in Sprycel, 19%; Yervoy, 18%; Orencia, 13%, and Baraclude, 11%. Sales of Eliquis topped at $100 million threshold with positive momentum in the U.S., as well as in other markets around the world. Last year, we identified and executed against some key opportunities to accelerate the growth of Eliquis, focusing on cardiologists, increasing our investment behind medical education, driving improvement in access and launching direct-to-consumer advertising in the U.S. Our increased investments are driving results as we see improvements in prescription plan in all areas. Together with Pfizer, we are committing even more abilities to Eliquis this year, and we are pleased that the FDA approved Eliquis for the prevention of deep vein being promoted in Q1 and hope to be able to further expand the label in both the U.S. and Europe with the inclusion of VTE treatment later in the year. As far as immuno-oncology is concerned, Charlie and Francis will give you details to how we are performing and what we are doing and planning. Let me just say that I am glad about how the Yervoy continues to grow around the world and that we had best quarter in the U.S. since launch with strengthened demand in our community oncologists and I’m equally or even more excited about nivolumab. During the quarter, we added new trials for nivolumab in mono therapy and combination in several new tumor types. and I’ve already mentioned our decision on the rolling submission of 063. Also our earlier stage portfolio continuously advanced to our own R&D efforts and through external collaborations such as the recently announced agreements with Five Prime. In summary, we made meaningful progress across our growth IO portfolio and we continue to build in advance our leadership position. Moving to HCV, hepatitis C, we also made good important progress. In fact, we had potential HCV approval for daclatasvir based regimen in all of the major regions before the end of the year, beginning with Japan and continually both Europe and the U.S. With respect to the U.S., our possible approval is based on the recent NDA submission that follows the breakthrough therapy designation for our dual regimen of daclatasvir and asunaprevir. Finally, I will briefly mention our progress in the development of an early-stage portfolio addressing genetically defined disease or GDD. Our process on GDDs is part of the redefined R&D strategies that we announced in November of last year.
 : Growing our marketed products and continuing to advance the development of our pipeline had been spend to our balanced approach of driving our results today, while setting the stage for tomorrow. The divestiture of our diabetes business to AstraZeneca that we completed in the first quarter is allowing us to further improve this approach, and accelerate our evolution through specialty biopharma. Our operating model is getting simplified and streamlined throughout the entire company. At the same time, we are increasing investments and focus behind priority areas of anticoagulation, immuno-oncology and HCV, as well as in certain geographies wherever we can be more competitive. Taking together, our first quarter results along with the work we have been doing to drive our specialty evolution, signifies a strong start, what should be an important year for us. For sometime we had been talking about our portfolio of the future, but many significant ways, that future has already started. And many important things will happen for the company during the rest of the year, starting very soon with the presentation of a lot of data at ASCO, and continuing all of other potential developments that I mentioned with respect to Eliquis, HCV and immuno-oncology. Some these developments will lead to increased sales in the near-term, while all of them should generate growth in the longer-term. We are working hard to continue to deliver success. So with that, let me turn it over to Francis.
Francis Cuss: Thank you, Lamberto. Good morning, everyone. Today I’ll discuss the progress we’re making within R&D including an update on our immuno-oncology portfolio. It’s crucial for our R&D organization to execute on the near-term delivery of our pipeline, while investing to maintain a robust portfolio future opportunities. I’m confident in the progress we’ve made including the work we’ve done to accelerate our Hepatitis C program with the potential for approvals in Japan, the EU and U.S. before the end of this year. We continue to believe that we have some interesting opportunities in this very large market. Looking ahead, we have some important opportunities stemming from our decision last year to evolve our strategic focus in R&D, and moving to areas to support the company’s evolution to specialty care biopharma company.
 : We’re developing an early stage portfolio that addresses the genetically-defined diseases through the identification of key targets. Our acquisition of iPierian and its lead Tau antibody, is actually a good example of this approach. iPierian's anti-Tau approach provides us with an opportunity to develop an innovative disease-modifying treatment that’s certainly genetic-defined neurodegenerative diseases known as Tauopathies. Our initial development focus would be in progressive supranuclear palsy, a rare brain disease with Tau dysfunction, and this could possibly extend to other neurodegenerative diseases. Let me now turn to immuno-oncology, I convinced that immuno-oncology could be transformation in the treatment of cancer with a potential for durable responses and long-term survival offering significant promises for patient. Building on the important body of research and the experience, we have with Yervoy, we have seen significant progress in our clinical development programs for Nivo, and the rest of our immuno-oncology portfolio. Of the more than 35 Nivo trials ongoing in many different tumors, about a third are potentially registrational. Important datasets, are now maturing, and we expect significant data readouts over the next 12 months to 18 months. We have the first such date to read out now. We have the data from Study 063, and as you know this study assess the highly pretreated patient population where there are no other approved or recommended treatment alternatives. Our review as a result of the Study 063 reinforces our belief in the potential of Nivo to offer durable responses and demonstrate an improvement in long-term survival. We’ve had positive discussions with the FDA regarding Study 063, and this study will be the basis for rolling submission that we will be initiating in the next few days. We expect to complete the rolling submission by year’s end, which will allow the FDA to consider additional data that will become available in the remainder of 2014. We hope to present the data at the 2014 Multidisciplinary Symposium in Thoracic Oncology in October later this year. The results 063 marked the beginning of our data flow in lung cancer where our clinical development program has made significant progress. Our program in lung cancer addresses multiple lines of therapy, different histologies, the use of biomarkers and potential therapy with both monotherapy and combination regimens. For example, there are two ongoing second line phase III trials in non-small cell lung cancer, one in squamous and one in non-squamous, a recently initiated first line phase III trial with nivolumab monotherapy in lung cancer for PDL-1 positive patients and we plan to begin a phase III program to study the combination regimen of Nivo and Yervoy by the end of this year. ASCO will be a very important meeting where we will present data from new studies, as well as more material data from ongoing studies. Specifically, there will be additional mono therapy and combination data for Nivo in lung, melanoma and renal as well as data for Yervoy adjuvant melanoma. Looking to the second half of 2014, we expect to have data in house from our second line lung cancer studies. We’re also looking forward to the first presentation of Nivo data in hematological tumors at ASH in December. Based upon the data, we believe there is significant opportunity for IO broadly across other tumor types. We’ve started potentially registrational trails in follicular and diffuse B-cell lymphoma, as well as glioblastoma, colorectal cancer, and head and neck cancer. We’ve initiated signal detection trails in pancreatic, gastric, small cell lung and breast cancer. For many of these tumors, we are exploring both Nivo monotherapy, as well as the combination regimen of Nivo plus Yervoy. We are also pursuing additional IO assets with different mechanisms in both monotherapy and in combination. Key clinical stage assets in our early portfolio include Anti-LAG3, Anti-KIR and Urelumab. In closing, let me remind you that our goal is to deliver to patients the potential for long-term survival across a wide range of tumors. We’ll continue to drive our programs and our trails forward as quickly robust as possible. Based on our investment, our leadership and our experience in this area, I’m confident that we’ll continue to be well positioned to accomplish this. Now, let met turn this over to Charlie.
Charles Bancroft: Thank you, Francis, and good morning everyone. Overall, we had a good quarter. First quarter revenues excluding diabetes were strong led by Eliquis, Yervoy, Sprycel and Baraclude. Let me provide a few highlights from the quarter. As Lamberto noted, we are pleased by the progress we are making with Eliquis. The investments that we and Pfizer made at the end of last year, along with additional investments this quarter have accelerated Eliquis’ growth around the world. In the U.S., net sales of Eliquis were $61 million, up 27% from the fourth quarter. We are seeing encouraging prescription trends in our new-to-brand share among cardiologists is now over 35%. Outside the U.S., net sales were $45 million. In the EU, we saw particularly strong performance in Germany and had recent launches in Italy and France. Japan also had a good quarter as the prescription limitation was recently listed. Yervoy sales grew 18% to $271 million. U.S. net sales were $146 million. You will recall that there was a $25 million one-time reversal of a sales deferral during the first quarter of last year. On a demand basis, Yervoy had its best quarter in the U.S. While Yervoy continues to grow at academic institutions, we are also seeing good growth coming from community hospitals and practices. In the EU, we saw strong performance in both France and Germany, where we have reimbursement in the first-line study. Orencia sales grew 13% to $361 million, while we continue to see solid growth; there is increasing competition for first-line use and switches, which lowered the pace of growth from the prior quarter. We are focused on improving our execution particularly in the first-line study. One final note on sales, our U.S. business during the quarter was negatively impacted by wholesaler inventory work down, particularly with the Sustiva Franchise and Abilify. This impact was somewhat offset by an inventory build in Japan. We expect inventory levels to normalize over the next several months. Let me spend a few minutes on the Diabetes Franchise and the impact of this quarter and the rest of the year. We completed the sale of our global diabetes business on February 1. Our first quarter results therefore, reflect one month of the historical diabetes business prior to closing and two months of impact to our P&L of the ongoing terms related to the transaction. Let me provide some color. Total diabetes revenues were $179 million, including $153 million in product sales during January. The other $26 million for February and March is primarily related to our ongoing product supply agreement with AstraZeneca. We expect these product supply sales to be about $10 million per month in 2014. We will report royalty income on sales made by AstraZeneca in the other income line of our P&L. These royalties were $48 million in the first quarter. We are also providing certain transitional services to AstraZeneca. These service fees were $31 million in the first quarter and are included in other income. The income from transitional services is expected to taper throughout the year and most services should be completed by year-end. We will continue to conduct and fund certain predefined clinical trials and diabetes through 2016. The cost of these trials will be included in R&D expense. During the quarter, we received $3.3 billion from AstraZeneca for our global diabetes business. We also received an additional $100 millin in April for the approval of Forxiga in Japan. This has significantly improved our cash balances, particularly in the U.S., which gives us increased financial flexibility. Now, let me highlight a few items from the rest of our non-GAAP P&L. Gross margin was 75.8% during the quarter, up 130 basis points compared to the same period last year. This is mostly due to product mix following the divestiture of our diabetes business. Marketing, selling and admin expenses were down about 4% as our increased investments in Eliquis, Yervoy and our pre-launched assets in immuno-oncology and hepatitis C were offset by reduced expenses in diabetes. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 23% during the quarter, which is higher than the same period last year. You’ll recall that in Q1 2013, we booked five quarters of the R&D tax credit. This quarter does not include the impact of the 2014 R&D tax credit, and so that’s not yet (expended) [ph]. Regarding guidance for 2014, we are adjusting our full-year 2014 non-GAAP EPS guidance range to $1.70 to $1.80, which assumes current exchange rates in the extension of the U.S. R&D tax credit. Now that we have closed the diabetes transaction, we are able to provide certain non-GAAP line item guidance, which you’ll have seen in our press release. Now, we would be happy to address your questions.
John Elicker: Okay, Jamie, I think we’re ready to go to questions for Lamberto, Charlie, Francis and Giovanni.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And we’ll take our first question from Chris Schott with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Chris T. Schott – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks very much. I just had two questions here. First on the 063 study, can you help frame our expectations for that data relative to the response rate and survival rates we saw from the 003 study last fall, just trying to understand how we should be, obviously heard positive data, but how should we be thinking about that? And then just on timing, can you just update on ex-U.S. filing from Nivo, any comments there as always filing timelines for second-line lung for Nivo, just latest thoughts? Thanks very much.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, Chris. Let me just reemphasize, we have productive ongoing discussions with the FDA. The 063 data will be the basis for the rolling submission that we’re going to be initiating in the next few days; and we will expect to complete that by the end of the year. You’ll understand that, we don’t normally talk about the data before we present it in a scientific forum, and we are planning to present this data at the Multidisciplinary Symposium in Thoracic Oncology in October of this year. But what I would say is, our review of the 063 data really reinforces our belief in the potential Nivo to demonstrate an improvement in the long-term survival, which we believe will be important to lung cancer patients. And personally, I’m very happy to be moving forward with our first submission. As far a program outside the United States, the whole nivolumab program is a global program, the requirements differ in different parts of the world, and we are looking at providing, we won’t be talking about specific timing details, but we are looking at submissions, once we’ve seen the data from the squamous and non-squamous, non-small cell lung second line data, which we believe we will get the top line towards the end of the year. Thanks, Chris.
John Elicker: Great, Chris. Thanks for the question. Can we go to next one Jamie please?
Operator: Yes. Our next question is from Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Vamil K. Divan – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Yes, thanks for taking the question. So the first one around Eliquis seems like you are making some traction there. Obviously, the news around Pfizer and Astra generated a lot of excitement and interest. What just your thoughts Eliquis and your commitment there. I think a lot of you are wondering would you do something similar to what you do with two diabetes products and giving to Astra any thought that Pfizer to put you on Eliquis would you go into give that back? and then the second one a little more general on the IO side, it’s good news on 063, you are moving very quickly here, all of your competitors are as well. Just how comfortable are you with the decisions? For example, with the frontline lung cancer, you’ve moved into Phase III? The amount of data and you want to diligent to or what you’re before making these decisions to move forward, how comfortable are you with the amount that you have there relative to other programs or you can take a little more time and do a little more careful analysis before deciding to make such a big decision? So if you could just talk to that that would be helpful. Thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti: So Vamil, I will start a very easy answer to your Eliquis question. No, we are not going to sell Eliquis to Pfizer. Yes, we are very committed to Eliquis. We people see around this table follow Eliquis to a great attention. We are extremely pleased of how prescription trend is improving, we are looking with particular attention with new prescriptions in the field of cardiologists, because we believe that, that our primary focus now and by building a solid position of our product in that group of specialists will generate prescription also in primary care. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes this is Giovanni. Let me just make a couple of comments to go into some further detail on the performance of Eliquis in the first quarter. We had a really good quarter across the board in all markets, specifically with respect to the U.S. As Charlie mentioned, we continue to see really good trend in cardiology. We also are seeing a significant improvement in trends in the primary care setting. In cardiology, our new patient share is now at 37% and in primary care it’s in the 25% range, and all of those represent significant growth versus the previous quarter, really good developments. We’re obviously ahead of production in this setting and we are continuing to strength our position overall there. That’s the result of the investments we made beginning with the second part of last year that are really generating positive momentum and good results for us. With respect to international markets, I’ll just make a couple of comments there. Germany is clearly one of our key areas of focus and we are seeing acceleration of our growth in Germany where our new patient share now is above products and growing very nicely. And then the third market I’ll mention again is Japan where as of the end of February, our limitations in terms of reimbursement was lifted 12 months after approval. We’ve seen a very significant acceleration of our growth in Japan where our new patient share is already above products. In the switch market, we have a leading share of new patients with switches coming from all agents that are currently in the market. And then obviously we have a number of countries where we are launching. We’ve launched more recently like France and Italy and the trends are quite solid in those markets as well.
Charles Bancroft: And we keep adequate.
Lamberto Andreotti: Daniel, thank you very much. I would say we’re very comfortable with the work we’ve put in our exploratory programs in lungs that to support the first line Phase III study. This comes really from the steps in the breath of our experience starting with the overlay, a very broad portfolio with studies, we now have with Nivo, specifically around lung cancer, as you’re aware, we have four Phase III studies – sorry four registrational studies, three Phase III studies, two in line, one in first line, and one thing I’ve learned in my career is that the time you spent trying to understand that the medicine at the beginning of the exploratory phase really does save time – save time later on. And I would comment around the combination of Yervoy, Nivo in lungs that the 012 study continues, it’s actually providing very important information for us to design our trial, and we are on track to start that fourth Phase III study by the end of the year.
John Elicker: Thanks, Vamil. Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jami Rubin – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Francis, just if I could follow up please on the rolling submission of the 063. It sounds like, I mean as you said that that FDA will have the opportunity to consider other studies that are ongoing, the Phase III second-line study. What is the issue, do you think, because we had anticipated that with response rates to build response, safety, plus the ability to supplement 063 with the data from 003, what is the focus of discussion with FDA? Is it lack of statistical significance in ORR, given that this is a small patient population? If you can just, please provide us color on what precisely the FDA is looking at and what additional data you might be able to supply? And then secondly, do you have strategies in place to accelerate the melanoma indication? Thanks very much.
Francis Cuss: Thank you, Jami. I do understand your desire to understand our interactions with the FDA. and I’m sure you will appreciate that since we have ongoing interactions, I’m not going to talk about the specifics of this. But what I will say is our review of the 063 data does reinforce our belief in the potential of Nivo in terms of long-term improvements and survival in lung cancer patients. And there is considerable data, which is going to come from the Nivo clinical development in the second half of the year, which will provide opportunities for the FDA, should they need it to see that? Turning to the melanoma program, we have a very comprehensive program, and it's progressing really well. As you know, we have three registrational studies. The second-line study of Nivo monotherapy post-Yervoy and two first-line, one with Nivo monotherapy and with Nivo and Yervoy combined. All the studies are focused on demonstrating the value of survival benefits, but we do have additional objective response, end points in all those studies and the option is doing interim analyses. When we get the data from our interim analysis, if it should be favorable, obviously, we will be talking to the health authorities about that. Overall, I’m very encouraged by the progress of the Phase III programs, and we are exploring all the opportunities we have for accelerating those filings.
John Elicker: Thank you, Jami. Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Anderson with Bernstein. Please go ahead?
Tim Minton Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, I’m sorry. I’m just going to ask one another question on 063. Can you at least rule out that the question at hand here is not related to biomarkers, and PDL-1, expression? And then on your general approach to looking at PDL-1 expression, is the current plan to stay with the exact same day go assay that you’ve been using, I'm wondering if there’s –it’s possible that you might change that assay, because the assay so far hasn't really seem to kind of show the same types of findings that we’ve seen with Merck and Genentech. And then on ipilimumab once we get PD-1 on the market, what are your expectations for how ipilimumab might be kind of the sequenced when physicians are trying to decide which drug to treat a new melanoma patient with?
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, Tim. First of all, let me say we have a comprehensive biomarker strategy where all the patients in our trials have tumor taken and positivity for PDL-1 taken. I think it's premature to make any determination yet about, for any particular tumor, about the relationship between PDL-1 positivity, and response, overall response. But our aim is to understand that better, so we can understand by monotherapy and the combinations across the entire population, not just the PDL-1 positive patients. As far as the data or assay is concerned, we’re very comfortable with our assay, it’s performing well. We like very much the partnership with Deko, and I think it’s the very different assays between us and everyone else, and I think it's premature to take any determination about which is best. We are comfortable with ours as far as our dataset is concerned. Let me pass it over to.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, Tim this is Giovanni. Just a couple of comments on, I guess Lamberto and Charlie mentioned we had a really strong quarter for Yervoy around the world. In the U.S., we had the strongest quarter in terms of sales since launch, and we are seeing a continuing growth of the use of the Yervoy in the academic setting, but an acceleration also, the growth of Yervoy in the community setting. And I think that’s clearly the result of all the work we have done to communicate the value of the data supporting Yervoy. Obviously, as you know at the beginning PD-1 agents in melanoma would be used primarily in the second line setting, positive Yervoy, and so in the short-term, we believe that there will be continued growing adoption of Yervoy in the marketplace, and the trends we are seeing today are quite consistent with that. Obviously the melanoma market will change significantly over the next few weeks for a few months, and next few years, but we believe that it will be continued need for the use of Yervoy and continued use in Yervoy. Some of it may be in monotherapy, potentially Yervoy can have a really important role to play in combination with other agents in melanoma, and obviously, we will be presenting some data in the adjuvant setting at ASCO. And that is also a very promising area for us with Yervoy.
John Elicker: Thanks, Jamie. Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Seamus Fernandez with Leerink. Please go ahead?
Seamus Fernandez – Leerink Swamm, LLC:
 : Can you clarify the primary end point in those studies? I realize that they are ongoing survival studies, but there, particularly the squamous study is quite small. So, I’m wondering, if that primary end point is response rate there, if you can just clarify that for us. And then, lastly, as we think about the expectations of what we could see disclosed and discussed as it relates to CheckMate 012 at ASCO. I think, really the question is, the reasons can you just offer us the reasons why CheckMate 012 did not make it as an oral abstract session presentation unlike some of your data in kidney cancer, and your data in melanoma. Thanks so much.
Lamberto Andreotti: Good morning, Seamus. So, as far as the survival the non-small cell lung second line squamous, non-squamous studies, the primary end points for overall survival, although, objective response rate is included in that. As you know, this is an event-driven study. But, our projection is that we will see top line data at the end of the year. As far as, CheckMate 012 is concerned, I’d just remind you that, this was an exploratory study. It had many arms as you know, it actually is still ongoing. And so in other order, the data is yet mature for presentation, and we took the view of separating the different arm to different treatments into different presentations to allow a little more detail to appear in the presentation. What I would reiterate is that, it’s a very important study for us in terms of designing Phase III combination study of Nivo and Yervoy. And we are on track to initiate that study in lung by the end of the year.
John Elicker: Thank you. Thanks, Seamus. Can we go to the next question please?
Operator: Our next question is from John Boris with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
John T. Boris – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks for taking the question. And it will be really just directed on ATV. I guess question for Lamberto, it would appear that you could be in a position to be able to launch not only in Japan, but potentially in Europe and U.S. Can you maybe just give some commentary on the readiness of your commercial organizational reports of this opportunity? And then, more specifically for Giovanni in Japan, with your product concept has been of the combination agent that you have there and with the Japanese market being a more safety conscious market, how are you prepared to potentially position that compound in that marketplace, and the second part of it for Giovanni would be, on usefulness pricing, are you anticipating premium pricing going into that market, and what’s the range that you might be able to attract on usefulness pricing. And then, lastly, I think you have more than 300 reps in that market with the crossover with selling Baraclude in that market and are you rightly scaled? thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti: Okay. Long question, but I mean, let me start and Giovanni will continue. I think we have a good opportunity in HC. I think we have a good opportunity in HC in Japan, but the more I look into the products we have, into data we have, the opportunity in the U.S. and Europe are significant and meaningful. We are ready to launch in Japan and we are getting ready to launch in although beyond the geographies. We are not going to talk about pricing. This is obviously some feedbacks. We will talk about only after we launch – of the day we launch, but we are ready. And we are – we believe that we have a good opportunity. Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. So John, let me expand on what Lamberto said and start from more general comment about launch readiness. as you know, we have a very strong presence in biology. We have a global brands with – brand with Baraclude that has given us a lot of experience and with working in hepatology and obviously, have a commercial footprint, which is promoting our HIV products. That is the – really the core of the organization and the resources that we will deploy to launch the hepatitis C portfolio around the world. But obviously, in every one of our geographies, we will make incremental investments strengthen and broaden our teams and investments to launch hep C when we have approval. That’s very much the case in Japan. As a reminder, Japan is the really one of the most successful Baraclude markets for us. We have an extremely high market share and really good penetration in the marketplace there. And so the sales and medical teams that we have promoting Baraclude will be deployed to promote the dual when we get approval potentially later this year. We also have incrementally staffed the organization in Japan by increasing the number of reps and added a team, in order to be a really well resourced and we are ready to launch from a commercial perspective. With respect to the profile of the product as you know, we have executed at Japanese specific development program for the dual with Japanese patients, we have strong dataset and at the same time, the thought leader community in Japan is very knowledgeable about this combination and the profile of the two products. and clearly, we are conducting testing to be ready for launch and the results have been encouraging. So, we’re quite excited about the opportunity in Japan. As Lamberto said, it’s too early for us to comment on pricing.
John Elicker: Jamie, can we go to next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Baum with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Andrew S. Baum – Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Yes, good afternoon. I have a couple of questions, number one, with regard to the adjuvant Yervoy data in melanoma. Do you believe this data is to find both, and just want to confirm that you have been the full date-of-death? Second, following on from that question, can you provide an update of the real world experience and related to immune-related adverse events with Yervoy. Although this move into the no advanced testing that has addition relevance. And then, finally, just on Japan, my understanding is Gilead is maybe, 12, 18 months behind, given the existence of new patients comparing with distance your regimen in Japanese patients with the genotype, should I assume the revenue window of 18 months you demonetized before has faced significant market share erosion? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Andrew. As far as the adjuvant melanoma study, we’re actually very excited that this is part of the ASCO press program. I want to point out this is the first study that’s been reported for checkpoint inhibitor in adjuvant therapy for cancer. And as you know, that’s a limited other options in adjuvant melanoma for patients. I think it’s premature we not even presented the data yet talking about filing. But we have an event in [best invented] (ph) ASCO and I’m sure we look forward to more discussions then. I don’t think there’s anything more to add really about real world adverse events on IO, sorry in Yervoy that very consistent I believe with what we showed in our [dosie] (ph). And as far as the Japanese funding of HCV, personally I will say we’re very encouraged about the progress with that filing looking forward to getting on the markets. And I think it’s probably premature stuff talking about competition. We’re very comfortable with the unmet needed needs and the profile of our dual.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes, I’m not going to add that. It’s always interested to see our company trying to profile our own products and with prematurely probably based on lack of information. So we’re very excited about our Japanese opportunity and very excited about it long-term.
John Elicker: We’ll go to the next question please Jamie.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Mark J. Schoenebaum – ISI Group Inc.: Hi guys, I really appreciate you taking the question. Number one on hepatitis C, I was just wondering if you would be willing to comment on whether or not your FDA application on the dual includes a request for approval for use in combination with Gilead’s Sovaldi, that would be DAC plus Gilead’s Sovaldi if possible. And second just to build on Seamus’ earlier question, just to be really clear on this, will the Street – we actually show the primary end point data of overall survival from the second line Nivo lung trials to the street by the end of the year, or is that something that we might have to wait until ASCO 2015 to see? And then finally at ASCO coming up in the 012 trial, are we going to see data from the low dose one plus one arm of the 012 trial or is that arm just still just too early to see it. Thanks a lot.
Giovanni Caforio: So thank you, Mark. As far as the I was trailing in the U.S. for the dual, I’m not going to go into details about that because of it’s under view at the moment. But it’s certainly we will be seeking approval for the dual in genotype 1b in the United States. I’m not sure I completely understood your question about the survival data. We will be getting survival data on the two Phase III studies, second line squamous and non-squamous in-house by the end of the year. And as you know, our custom is to present these data for scientific meeting before we share it with Wall Street. So I think it’s a reasonable expectation that this will be at ASCO next year. As far as the CheckMate 012 study in the low dose as I mentioned little earlier the number of these arms are still ongoing and that’s one that is providing important data for us as we design the Phase III study and is not mature yet to present at Otsuka.
Lamberto Andreotti: Mark just to add one thing on the disclosure of overall survival of top line data, we would work very closely like we always do with our general counsel securities lawyers and other people and senior management before we determine what disclosure was appropriate. So as usual we would just need to wait and see what happened and we would make the right decisions at that time. Can we go to the next question Jamie?
Operator: Our next question is from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David R. Risinger – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, sorry about that. I have a number of questions on the immuno-oncology, but they should be pretty brief. I guess the first question is, should we assume the breakthrough designation is unlikely for Nivo at this point. Second, with respect to 063 the primary endpoint was response rate yet, I think you’ve only talked about long-term survival of Nivo and third line Squamous as long as being encouraging. So can you just review the study design for us for 063. Third, with respect to the Phase III second-line squamous, clinicaltrials.gov indicate that that concludes in August. So, is that just incorrect and what is the right pace to think about if that’s incorrect. And then finally, with respect to ASCO, the combo lung trial I think has a little bit over 250 patients with 14 cohorts. Maybe you could just help us to understand how important the Nivo plus Yervoy, cohort is assuming that it’s less than 20 patients. How should we be thinking about how important that very small dataset is and what weight should we be putting on that small dataset when we see it at ASCO? Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, David. So, first we’ll breakthrough designation, the FDA has many mechanisms so as to being development of oncology drugs and I think as I’ve mentioned in the past, we have fast-track designations for lung for melanoma and renal and in fact we are eligible for a rolling submission which is what was started – which Ruby started in the next few days. 063 just a little word about the study, it’s in a highly pre-treated patient population. It has at least, the patients have at least two lines of therapy full hand many of them have more than that. The primary end point is as you say projective response rate have that of course we will be – we are continuing to monitor the patients as the study precedes. As far as the Second Line Squamous, the non-Squamous studies, as I mentioned these are event driven studies and our projection is that we will have top line data, formal analysis and overall survival at the end of the year. And finally I think the way to look at the 012 study is that it's extremely valuable for us. I want to reiterate that it's proving very informative the different arms particularly around Nivo, Yervoy, as we come to design our registrational Phase III study for the combination in lung. Many of the arms are not mature yet, so one has to consider that when you look at the data at ASCO. But we are, overall, very excited about all the data and there’s lot always at ASCO. Thank you.
John Elicker: Jamie, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Our next question is from Marc Goodman with UBS. Please go ahead.
Marc Goodman – UBS Securities LLC: Yes, just on the base business, maybe you could give us an update on Sprycel and Orencia, a little more detail what was going on there and market share boos and stuff, and you had mentioned Orencia in your prepared remarks, I was curious, if you can give us a little more detail what is out there. Thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you Marc. This is our product set we are very proud of, and why don’t we start with Sprycel, Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. Let me start with Sprycel. We had a good quarter as Lamberto mentioned with Sprycel, with strong growth across the world, very good performance in the U.S., good performance in Europe and acceleration of growth in Japan. We’re continuing to see gains coming primarily from the first-line setting in the U.S. and across both lines of therapies in Europe depending on the registration and local market dynamics. We continue in the U.S. to be above Tasigna in terms of our market share and the evolution of that share, particularly in first-line. We have seen continued erosion of the Glivec trends in the U.S. over the last few months, but in the first quarter that erosion has slowed-down, and we see somewhat of an increase of payers paying attention really to managing this category, but we are in a really good position from an access perspective. And as I said, our performance with Sprycel continues to be strong.
Marc Goodman – UBS Securities LLC: Orencia?
Giovanni Caforio: Orencia also is growing quite nicely around the world, you would remember the launch of the SubQ formulation which is really the driver of our growth at this point happened earlier in the U.S. and later in Europe and Japan, so the trends of Europe and Japan where you see more robust growth has really influenced by the more recent launches of the SubQ formulation. In the U.S. we have seen a somewhat of a decrease in our growth and our trends have been softer in Q1, as you know, there are new agents on the market that are also growing and making that space and particularly the first-line setting more competitive. This is a very crowded market with a lot of action from payers and so it is a very competitive space. We as Lamberto mentioned we have good plans in place to continue to focus on positioning Orencia, as a first-line choice rheumatoid arthritis. We have plans in place to strengthen our execution, increase resourcing the brand, so we’re confident that the good growth trends will continue. The first quarter in the U.S. was somewhat slower in terms of the overall trajectory of the brand.
John Elicker: Jamie, can we go to our last question please?
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Arfaei with BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Alex Arfaei – BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. Thank you very much for taking the questions. First, on the competitive landscape, I’m sure you’re merged in a situation with AstraZeneca and Pfizer. Obviously immuno-oncology is a big reason for it and we now have the potential to be a large competitive market. Do you believe you have the commercial scale to compete effectively in immuno-oncology if that merger were to go through or should we expect additional commercial build up? And my follow-up, for Francis, on your recent acquisition, could you comment on the expense, which you think you would be exploring to sell assets in Alzheimer’s disease? Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti: So Alex, as I talked, I think that we are more than ready to compete in immuno-oncology. And we obviously, are not only focusing on the possible new competitors that will come, but more eminent competitors are ready there. Yes, we are ready and we are ready in the U.S. and we are ready all around the world. So, nothing more to add there.
Francis Cuss: As far as the iPierian Tau monoclonal antibody is concerned, our primary focus is in PSP and potentially from (indiscernible) dimension, which also does – at least 57 patients have a genetic link. Clearly Tau may have a role to play in Alzheimer’s. But I think in the first instance we are focusing on looking at patients who have particular unmet need that we can identify from their genetic mutations. So, now the nice thing about this asset is it fits well into an early stage portfolio that we’re building in terms of addressing genetically-defined diseases. And in fact we are hoping it will be in the clinic by the end of the year or the beginning of next year. So we’re very excited about this opportunity.
Lamberto Andreotti: So let me conclude. We have three comments on immuno-oncology. First of all, as I said at the beginning of this call, I’m very happy that we will start very soon. There are information for 063. We are very much looking forward to ASCO and the additional need that we will be reviewing in the second half of this year. And finally, we remain as confident as we’ve been in the potential for immuno-oncology as evidenced by the scale of our program, the mid scale of our program and its continued expansion. Thank you for being with us this morning to discuss our good first quarter and many other things to look forward throughout this year. Have a good day.
John Elicker:
 :
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-24 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Lamberto Andreotti - CEO Charles Bancroft - EVP and CFO Giovanni Caforio, M.D. - EVP and Chief Commercial Officer Francis Cuss - EVP and Chief Scientific Officer John Elicker - SVP, Public Affairs and IR
Analysts: Tony Butler - Barclays Capital Tim Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. David Risinger - Morgan Stanley Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Andrew Baum - Citi Marc Goodman - UBS Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Vamil Divan - Credit Suisse Gregg Gilbert - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets Steve Scala - Cowen & Company
Operator: Good day and welcome to today’s Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to John Elicker. Please go ahead, sir.
John Elicker: Thank you, Shannon, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us to discuss our Q4 results. With me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer; Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer and Giovanni Caforio, our Chief Commercial Officer. Lamberto, Charlie and Francis will have prepared remarks and Giovanni is here as well to take any questions you might have. Before I turn it over to Lamberto, let me cover of the legal requirements. During the call, we'll make comments or statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, John. Good morning everyone. Well our fourth quarter completing a year, a good year it was very significant with respect to the evolution of Bristol-Myers Squibb into a specialty care Biopharma Company. We transitioned away from Plavix and Avapro. We continue to grow our key brands. We shifted our strategic focus in early R&D, while advancing nivolumab, the SD portfolio and the rest of our late stage pipelines. We announced our geographical balance and we initiated a sale of our diabetes business. Taking together these developments and changes, not only the set the stage for 2014, importantly they also represent the foundation upon which we continue to build our future as a specialty care leader. I know well that everybody’s attention is understandably on our immuno-oncology assets and programs. And so Charlie, Francis and I will talk about them. And together with Giovanni we will answer your questions. But I would like first to take a few minutes to speak about the rest, starting with some of our foundational products all of which are growing in importance and growing in terms of global reach. Sprycel and Orencia both had a spectacular year. Last quarter they grew by 30% and 22% respectively despite very competitive markets. For the full year, Sprycel sales increased 26% and those of Orencia increased 23%. And for Sprycel, we presented important Phase III data in December at the American Society of Hematology. Also Baraclude added strong performance with 10% growth for the year and 14% during the fourth quarter. As we move into or we’re moved into 2014, we will continue to invest behind these three assets; Sprycel, Orencia and Baraclude. We also remain firmly committed -- very committed to Eliquis and together with Sprycel, have decided to increase our resources behind it. We’ve been seeing encouraging trends for Eliquis in the U.S and internationally with strong growth in the last quarter and we’re confident in its potential. And we’re also hoping to expand the label of Eliquis. In Europe DVT and PE prevention has already been approved and we are expecting approval for VTE treatment as well. In the U.S., we’re expecting approval for both indications this year. And finally to comment -- to complete my comments on key market brand, our immuno-oncology product, Yervoy had a strong year with 36% growth. Based on the strong performance as well as the long-term survival data we presented last year, we increasingly believe in the transformation of potential of immunotherapy and Yervoy as a cornerstone of that approach. On the regulatory and clinical development front, I’ve already mentioned the development for Eliquis in the hepatitis C area in Japan. We filed late last year our dual regimen containing daclatasvir in our protease inhibitor asunaprevir. I hope we will soon get trade names here. It’s easier to pronounce its generic names, which we give up the opportunity to bring the first oral hepatitis C regimen to market in Japan. We also recently announced the filing of daclatasvir in U.S and we expect to file in the U.S by mid year. Francis will talk soon about our good achievements and exciting plans in immuno-oncology where we want to achieve and maintain a leadership position. Taken as a whole, I’m optimistic about our business and the opportunities we have. We will manage the diabetes transition and all the other many changes we’re implementing while executing against a number of operational priorities, namely building on the launch of Eliquis and on the double-digit growth of Yervoy, Orencia, Sprycel and Baraclude. Continuing the good performance of our other in-line brands such as Reyataz and Sustiva, investing to deliver our late stage immuno-oncology and SD pipeline and launching new products, and continuing to date a disciplined approach to capital allocation. In so doing, we will continue to pursue the balanced approach that is at the center of Bristol-Myers Squibb success, a balanced approach of delivering today was setting the stage for tomorrow. So with that, let me turn it over to Francis to talk about immuno-oncology.
Francis Cuss: Thank you, Lamberto, and good morning everyone. Today I will provide an update on immuno-oncology. During the fourth quarter, we presented some early, but encouraging data in lung cancer at the World Conference on lung cancer. Long-term follow-up results from the lung cancer cohort of expanded Phase I dose ranging monotherapy study that’s 003 showed sustain activity in heavily pre-treated patients with non-small-cell lung cancer with one and two-year survival rates of 42% and 24% respectively, across dose cohorts. These early data support our approach and belief that durability of response and long-term survival are important measures for patients and a key in characterizing the benefits of immuno-oncology agents. We expect to present updated data for lung cancer and other tumor types at ASCO this year. Let me broadly review our strategy in lung cancer. Our approach in lung cancer is to include multiple lines of therapy, different histologies, the use of biomarkers and potentially therapy with monotherapy and combinations, all of which together resulted a very comprehensive development program. We expect to have data in the first part of 2014 from our third line Phase II study in squamous non-small-cell lung cancer for which there is no defined standard of care. As we’ve said before, if the results of the study demonstrate a favorable benefit risk profile, we plan to discuss the data with the FDA and other health authorities. We expect to have data later in 2014 from two ongoing second line Phase III trials in non-small-cell lung cancer, one in squamous and one in non-squamous. And finally, as many of you seen, we recently posted on clinicaltrials.gov a first line Phase III trial with Nivolumab monotherapy in lung cancer that will start soon. With regard to the Phase I combination trial of nivolumab and ipilimumab, its worth noting that this is a Phase I trial that’s still ongoing in multiple cohorts of patients and with several dose combinations being evaluated to determine how we could move forward with a combination regimen for lung cancer. Based on our assessment of the preliminary data that we now have in-house, we will continue to cohort patients with lung cancer treated with ipilimumab and Nivolumab combinations before beginning a registrational study. Our next steps include waiting more mature data from additional cohorts in the study and potentially exploring different doses and regimens and specific patient populations. In summary, in lung cancer, we continue to progress a very comprehensive program that will generate important data from three potentially registrational trials during 2014. In addition, we continue to explore combinations as well as initiating the first-line Phase III monotherapy study that I mentioned earlier. Our melanoma program is ongoing with three potentially registrational trials currently underway, one in Yervoy failures and the other two in previously untreated patients as monotherapy and in combination with Yervoy with a focus on demonstrating value through survival benefits. In renal cell cancer, our Phase III trial is focused on metastatic disease comparing Nivolumab to everolimus in patients who have received prior therapy. Earlier trials are exploring the potential role of biomarkers in this tumor type as well as ipilimumab combinations in first-line renal cell cancer. We have some initial data through Phase I study of Nivolumab and Yervoy. We're encouraged by the results which we plan to present at ASCO, and we believe that we are close to determining a dose and schedule to use in registrational trials. In addition to Nivolumab programs I've already highlighted, we continue to explore to use an additional solid tumor types and in hematological malignancies. As you may have seen in ClinicalTrials.gov, we're initiating large Phase II trials from glioblastoma and in both follicular and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. We also have a broad portfolio of exploratory immunotherapeutic agents with varying immune mechanisms of action that allow us to explore multiple combinations, including our anti-LAG3 antibody which entered the clinic in the last quarter. So in closing, let me reiterate our excitement about the possibilities in immuno-oncology. I believe that we are well positioned with a broad and comprehensive program. I'm looking forward to seeing more data as the year progresses. We'll certainly know a lot more about Nivolumab a year from now. At the same time, we'll continue to invest significantly in the multiple opportunities we see across our broader immuno-oncology portfolio. Now, let me turn it over to Charlie.
Charles Bancroft: Thank you, Francis. Good morning, everyone. Overall, we had a solid fourth quarter which gives us the strong foundation for our future as a specialty care biopharma company. Let me provide a few highlights. Yervoy sales grew 23% to 260 million. In the U.S., quarterly demand reached its highest level since launch and we are seeing encouraging and weekly trends as well. Despite the multiple clinical trials enrolling melanoma patients, U.S. sales rose 14% from the previous quarter to 148 million. We are seeing particularly strong growth in the community setting which represents about 60% of Yervoy sales in the U.S., as a growing number of physicians appreciate Yervoy's long-term survival benefit. In Europe, we are seeing strong uptake particularly in France, Italy and Germany. We expect a November EU approval for the first-line use in advanced melanoma to allow a broader set of patients to benefit from this innovative medicine. Eliquis sales were 71 million. We continue to make significant progress among cardiologists. Overall, in the U.S. access [ph] is in a much better position as we entered 2014 for both commercial and Medicare Part D plans. Eliquis also performed well outside the U.S. with international sales reaching 23 million in the quarter. Following several key reimbursement decisions in Q4, Eliquis is now available and reimbursed in every major market in Europe. Our increased medical education activities and DTC advertising which will continue in 2014 are helping us educate physicians about Eliquis' differentiated profile. We will be making additional investments this year as we prepare for potential expanded indications in VTE prevention and treatment. Orencia sales grew 22% to 397 million. Orencia continues to perform well in the U.S. and Europe even as the RA market becomes increasingly crowded. Growth in the SubQ formulation has been strong for several quarters and we are also investing appropriately to continue driving the IV business. Orencia SubQ is now the third most lively prescribed SubQ agent in the U.S. with sales up 51% versus the prior year's quarter. Sales growth to Europe was also strong as we continue to build on the SubQ launch. Baraclude sales grew 14% to 412 million. Sales were strong across the globe. Despite growing competition, Baraclude remains the standard of care in naive patients in chronic hepatitis D and is particularly important in Asia, due to the epidemiology. Our success with Baraclude demonstrates our ability to leverage our expertise in virology to develop and commercialize innovative medicines at a global level, a capability that is important in establishing our hepatitis C portfolio. Sprycel sales rose 30% to 365 million. We continue to see sales growth being driven by the same adoption in first-line setting as well as by our leading share in the second-line segment. In addition to the solid sales performance of our key brands, revenues benefited from several one-time items, including a 38 million adjustment to our managed Medicaid approval, mostly for Plavix as well as a 30 million year-end true-up of our share of (indiscernible). To wrap up sales, you are all aware that we expect this will be the last time we report a full quarter of sales for the diabetes franchise, due to the expected closing of the diabetes divestiture to AstraZeneca later this quarter. Moving forward we expect that substantially all royalties we receive will be included on the other income and expense line. Now, let me highlight a few items from the rest of our non-GAAP P&L. Gross margin was 73.6% during the quarter which is down 280 basis points compared to the same period last year. This is mostly due to the change in our contracted share of Abilify revenues in the U.S. and to a lesser extent product mix. Gross margin also benefited from some of the one-time items that impacted revenues as well. Marketing, selling and admin expenses were about 1.1 billion, down 7%, as our increased investments in Eliquis, the diabetes franchise and pre-launch assets in immuno-oncology and hep C were offset by steeper declines in the pharmacy, our share of expenses for Abilify and lower spending on more mature brands. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 17.9% during the quarter. Moving to guidance, we are confirming our non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.65 to $1.80. Both our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance assume that the sale to the diabetes business to AstraZeneca closes during the first quarter. We are not able to provide line item guidance at this time but expect to be able to do so once the diabetes transaction has closed. This will happen during our Q1 call in April. Qualitatively, as I've indicated previously, while total commercial costs in 2014 are expected to decrease compared to 2013 due to the diabetes transactions, we will be making significant incremental investments behind our key and future growth opportunities, including immuno-oncology, Eliquis and hep C. Now, we'd be happy to address your questions.
John Elicker: Thanks, Charlie, Francis and Lamberto for the remarks. Shannon, I think we're ready to go to Q&A now. I'd just remind everybody that in addition to Lamberto, Francis and Charlie, Giovanni is here as well. Shannon?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We'll go first to Tony Butler with Barclays.
Tony Butler - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much. I'll leave immuno-oncology to others and ask about elotuzumab, Francis, and would we anticipate that Phase III readout in relapsing patients in multiple myeloma to occur at ASCO? Second question is actually around, and I apologize for the second question [Technical Difficulty] margins, Charlie, and is there anything that you could say about that in the post diabetes world? Thank you.
Francis Cuss: There will be an update to that, I believe, on the Phase II study (indiscernible) on multiple myeloma at ASCO, but we’re expecting data on the Phase III study later of course.
Charles Bancroft: Yes, I think I understood your question Tony regarding gross margin moving forward. Gross margin is always dependent on product mix and you recall that the diabetes business was a relatively low gross margin business because we paid the share of margin through the cost of goods lined to AstraZeneca. So we therefore expect our 2014 gross margin rate to benefit going forward. But again depending upon the timing to close that may impact it, but I would imagine it's going to be in the neighborhood of slightly above 75%.
John Elicker: Thanks Tony for the questions. Can we go to the next question, Shannon?
Operator: We’ll move next to Tim Anderson with Sanford Bernstein.
Tim Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Thank you very much. In the past you’ve kind of described PDL in expression of maybe not in relevant partly because the combination of Nivo with other agents might make that assay not clinically meaningful, and at the same time in October at World Lung your data showed no real difference based on biomarker expression. Yet here you are now starting CheckMate 026, I am trying to kind of square why you’re initiating this new trial. And then, can you tell you what percent of non-small cell patients are high expressers of PDL-1 using your cutoff criteria. If I look at the Merck and Roche data it suggests maybe it's 25% and then building on to that if PDL-1 expression ends up being a predictive biomarker wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that this could end up limiting the number of patients that would be deemed eligible for therapy?
Francis Cuss: Thank you Tim. So, let me say that, first of all to say that us starting up the first line study non-small cell lung biomarker rich is very consistent with our overall very broad lung strategy that I just articulated. In addition, I think we’ve always said in terms of a biomarker strategy that we would look very carefully at all patients and we collect tumors from all patients and we do PDL-1 expression on that. And our goal is to better understand the impact of PDL-1 expression not just on the overall response rate, but on overall survival. And while I think that has been this directional data that shows the PDL-1 expression tends to be related to higher response rates. It's certainly by no means clear to all of us, all the time that we just don’t have the data about whether that will hold for all lines of therapy and all in different tumors. But I think in the case of this first line, it's very important for us in this study to enrich the patient population for this particular study. And as you're well aware we have second line studies ongoing where we were also collecting PDL-1 expression data and it's very important for us to try and offer opportunities for patients who aren’t just PDL-1 positive, so of course that will provide the data for that also. I am not going to comment on our particular percentages. Obviously different biomarker, even Histochemistry maybe slightly different between different companies; but again I want to reiterate that our long-term aim in our lung cancer program is to offer if the data supports it, the opportunity for all patients whether PDL-1 positive or negative to have the opportunity of immuno-oncology treatment whether it's smaller therapy or combination. Thank you.
John Elicker: Thanks Tim. Next question please, Shannon.
Operator: We’ll move next to David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger - Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much. So, I have a question on PDL-1 for Francis. I am just hoping to better understand the assessment process you’ll go through with CheckMate 012 and so I guess two specific questions on that. First can you talk about the addition of the lower dose Nivo plus Ipi one milligram plus one milligram cohort last fall, and whether you really need to see those results before you can start Nivo plus Ipi Phase III combo in lung at some point down the line. And then second, what data should we expect as ASCO from CheckMate 012, and also in other cancers beyond lung?
Francis Cuss: So David, let me say that we added the additional 1mg and 1mg cohort back in September to ensure that we would have the full compliment of safety and activity data across multiple doses. And as I said we will be assessing that dose together with the potential other regimens and patient populations before we determine how to proceed into registrational studies with the combination. Regarding the data at ASCO there will be data in CheckMate 012 which on this combination of the different cohorts depending on how it matures, and I’ll just remind you of course that this is an ongoing Phase I trial where we’re going to continue the cohorts to collect data. So we will be updated at ASCO and there will also be data at ASCO on the 003 study, the update on that. There will also an update on 004 which is the combination in melanoma as well as data on the renal cell carcinoma both our Phase II study and the data on the combination that I just talked about. So it will be a considerable amount of information at ASCO across many of our ongoing trials and some you’ll be hearing for the first time.
John Elicker: Thanks Dave. Can we go to the next question please?
Operator: We’ll move next to Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Francis is there any question in your mind as to whether or not you move combo lung into a Phase III trial or it just you’re still assessing what you have to multiple cohorts in that trial and at some point you’ll make the decision. But I am just curious to know is there a risk that you don’t move forward at all with that. And then secondly on the hematological indications, I noticed you just started two Phase II studies. Can you give us some sense as to your confidence level on that new indication I suppose that’s based on the Phase I trials that you started last year, and when do you think we will see data in hematological indications; will it be some time this year? And maybe if you could comment to on, the market has been very focused on renal lung and melanoma. What other tumor types are you guys most excited about there?
Francis Cuss: I’ll see if I make sure I get to all those. So, just to be clear; I don’t think the data we are indeed assessing the data before we can decide how to proceed into registrational studies. I don’t think the data to date changes our belief of the potential for combination somewhere in a broad lung program. I don’t think it has a data to be sure exactly where that is at the moment, but that’s evolving. As far as the hematological studies, the data that we will presenting data at ASH later in the year on those exploratory hematological studies and I think there’s the …
Lamberto Andreotti: The other tumors.
Francis Cuss: Yes. So beyond those other tumors, as you know we have a lot of exploratory studies at the moment. I think I would say that we are very encouraged by the hematological less the fact that we have studies and larger Phase II studies reflects I think our interest in that area. And of course the unmet need around glioblastoma multiforme again is reflected going forward with the study both looking at, seeing if mono therapy or combination there. Thank you.
John Elicker: Thanks Jami. Can we go to the next question please, Shannon?
Operator: We’ll move next to Seamus Fernandez with Leerink.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann: Thanks for the questions. So, again I’m not going to continue on immuno-oncology but it is pretty important. As we sort of think about this, the kidney cancer opportunity particularly in combination, the bar in the front line setting seems to be relatively high at least in terms of response rate and even the durational effect. So, given the fact that your communication on the combination in kidney cancer appears to be a little bit better formed than your conclusion in lung cancer, can you just update us and maybe give us a little bit of your thoughts on the kind of benefit that you would hope to see from a frontline kidney cancer combination given the current standard of care?
Francis Cuss: Let me say that you'll have the opportunity to see the data when we share it in ASCO. Clearly, the bar is high for first-line treatment but we are encouraged by the data that we've seen and in due course will be initiating a trial in a potentially registrational trial in renal cell. And obviously we're going to be very thoughtful about which line of therapy that will be applicable to. So I'd suggest you should wait and see what we saw at ASCO, because I think that will be very informative.
John Elicker: Can we go to the next question please, Shannon?
Operator: We'll move next to Mark Schoenebaum at ISI Group.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group: Hi, guys. Thanks a lot for taking the question and thanks for tolerating all of us pounding on immunotherapy. I think I might do the same. I appreciate it. Are you able to tell us in any qualitative sense, Francis, whether or not you saw an enhanced efficacy in one or more of the Yervoy plus NEVO arms in the '012 trial, just any kind of qualitative sense? I interpret your continuing those arms as an optimism – as a remark reflecting some optimism, but I just wondering if you could just confirm that there was to some degree enhanced efficacy and obviously we'll wait to get the details. And then on the World Lung data – this will be the last question for me, on the World Lung data, I know it was a while ago now but I'm not sure I've ever got your perspective on this but the one-year 42% survival, but especially the two-year 24% overall survival, what is your view on that 24% number in particular versus what one would expect typically? Thanks a lot. I really…
Lamberto Andreotti: Mark, while Francis gets ready to answer your question a little bit on that, let me tell you that this morning, John and others have asked me to keep quiet during this call and be very understanding, the importance of the immuno-oncology in the number of questions which will be asked today. So, it is important – we understand the value of immuno-oncology and the value of immuno-oncology to Bristol-Myers Squibb. So we are very open to answer questions, but obviously we cannot always go into the many, many details that you would be interested in knowing but that it is probably premature for us to disclose. And again, we will continue to make available as many comments as possible but we will decide to stay away from commenting on bits and pieces of information. We remain very, very proud of the breadth of our program and the importance of what we are doing here. Now, Francis, back to you.
Francis Cuss: So, I won't comment on the – anywhere on the (indiscernible) combination in CheckMate '12, but to your point about the World Lung data, I think because of the time and I'll say it again we were encouraged about that survival date, the landmark survival data of two years particularly because it was across all doses. I missed the end of your question but I think what you were asking was how that might relate to other studies we have ongoing and I think it's sad to say that it is very difficult to extrapolate simply because the patient populations are quite different. So let me stop there.
Giovanni Caforio: This is Giovanni. The only thing I would add is clearly lung if you compare it a little bit with melanoma is a much larger population of patient, very diverse population of patients, young medical need is very high and you know all of the data and combination approaches that have sales over the last many years or so, we see that as a very significant opportunity and given the size and complexity of the disease, there is a significant commercial opportunity when looking differentially at different segments in line with not only first-line but also later lines of therapy, different histologies in different patient groups that are all very meaningful commercial opportunities even when you look independently.
John Elicker: Thanks, Mark. Can we go to the next question please?
Operator: We'll move next to Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew Baum - Citi: Good morning. A couple of questions. To what extent do you see emergent in the diagnostic enable you to select out a group of patients for whom the combination makes sense both from a safety point of view as well from an efficacy point of view? Second question is perhaps you could give us some timelines on when you think you may be able to initiate a Phase III trial for the combination? And then finally, with regard to the choice of a PDL1 population for your Phase III, to what extent does PDL1 expression increase after subsequent lines of therapy, i.e. you need to enrich in the frontline because treatment by patients may have lower levels of PDL1 expression compared to patients that have got chemo, radiotherapy, is there any evidence for that in lung?
Francis Cuss: So to just go back to your first question is about the – how we selected the combination based on the diagnostic, I think as I mentioned we are collecting information in both PDL1 positive and PDL1 negative patients, and of course that's part of the assessment at least in these preliminary studies to try and understand where the safety and efficacy goes as far as that's concerned. I'm not going to talk about the timelines of the potential progression in the combination of the lung simply because, as I said, the trial is still ongoing. We're still assessing the data and of course it will depend on that data as to what we do next. I think it's a good question about what does line of therapy do to the PDL1 expression and certainly we are collecting that data to try and understand that better. I don't think we have that information laid out at the moment, but I do think it will be important to see. And of course we do have the opportunity because we are looking very broadly, first of all, across lung but actually against many other tumors as well to try and begin to understand some of the kinetics of PDL1 expression focused with other non-IO therapies and with IO therapies.
Andrew Baum - Citi: Thank you.
John Elicker: Thanks, Andrew. Can we go to the next question please, Shannon?
Operator: We'll go next to Marc Goodman with UBS.
Marc Goodman - UBS: Good morning. First on Eliquis in the U.S. and obviously a big jump from last quarter to this quarter, I was just curious is that all demand or was there anything else going on in the quarter? Second, on Sprycel, obviously very strong growth there. Can you give us a sense of what's going on behind the scenes with market share? Is that where the growth is coming from or what would you contribute it to? And then on hep C in Japan, you had mentioned – obviously we know that you filed already. What is your expectation for when that will be approved in Japan and start to have sales? Do you assume sales in your guidance for this year?
Lamberto Andreotti: Giovanni, why don't you take all three questions?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, let me start from the performance of Eliquis. We had a strong quarter in Q4 that was clearly through in the U.S. We had good developments outside of U.S. as well. With respect to the U.S. what you saw in terms of the numbers broadly reflects an improvement in performance and demand. And when you look at TRx, growth in the U.S. in Q4, our TRx volume grew by 66%. Our NBRx volume grew by 50% versus the previous quarter and we saw a good increase in shares, particularly in the cardiology setting. So I would say that the performance is really related to demand and it is the result of the acceleration plan that we put in place beginning in August which we discussed before, which was really centered on strengthening and focusing our strategy and messages, significantly increasing our investment in medical education and third, initiating in September a very broad DTC campaign in the U.S. All of those things seem to have had an impact on performance in Q4 was a good quarter. With respect to Sprycel, we do have very strong performance and good trends across the world, in the U.S., in Europe. We had a very, very good quarter in Japan as well. And that is coming from two things. First of all, from a total market perspective, we continue to see a decline in the use of Gleevec and the growth of the second generation TKIs. Among second generation TKIs particularly in the U.S., in the last quarter Sprycel was the fastest growing agent and we continue to have a leadership position in first line and second line across among the second generation TKIs. We have a strong presence in second line, but a lot of our growth is really coming from increased penetration and increased market share in first line. With respect to Japan and hepatitis C we communicated where we are with a -- from a regulatory perspective. All I can say from a commercial perspective is that we are working as a priority to be ready for launch when we get approval, obviously we will be executing very rapidly the launch in Japan.
John Elicker: Thanks, Marc. Can we go to the next question please Shannon?
Operator: And our next question from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Christopher Schott - JPMorgan: Right. Thanks very much. Just two ones coming back on Nivo. First, on the one combo should we think about additional cohorts being added to CheckMate 12 based on this data that you’ve recently received or at this point are we just really waiting for data from the existing cohorts before making a decision on potentially moving that forward. And second question was on Nivo with Avastin, is that something you -- that you have seen at this point and how you’re thinking about the potential of the use of Avastin with Nivo in lung? Thanks very much.
Charles Bancroft: So as far as the lung combo cohorts, it is possible we may add more cohorts Chris, but that’s under consideration. And I think I will say just a general comment about combination -- while obviously we focus very much on immuno-oncology combinations, we haven't certainly ruled out having combinations where we feel it's appropriate and there could be some benefits.
John Elicker: Thanks, Chris. Can we go to the next question please, Shannon?
Operator: We will go next to Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse.
Vamil Divan - Credit Suisse: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Just to clarify one thing for me. In terms of the CheckMate 063 data, is that something you have? And I'll say this point and I know – I think you mentioned before because it maybe registrational and we get a top line press release on that? Would you do a top line whether you do or do not decide to file that, just trying to get a sense of expectations on that? Thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti: So just to clarify, you’re talking about the third line Phase II study in non-small-cell lung squamous, right?
Francis Cuss: Yes, I think that’s yes.
Lamberto Andreotti: Oh sorry, okay. So as I’ve said, but let me reiterate, it’s important, we’re in regular contact with the FDA. We are expecting the data in the first half of this year, depending on the data and we will obviously be having further discussions with the FDA. But the hope would be for a submission assuming the data is appropriate.
Francis Cuss: And I think from a disclosure standpoint Vamil, we have to wait and see what the data looks like, there is a materiality discussion certainly with our General Counsel and legal group, there is a need to preserve the ability to present at ASCO. So there is coordination with ASCO and then there are competitive dynamics as well. So I think it’s premature to commit to any kind of disclosure one way or the other.
John Elicker: Can we go to the next question please, Shannon?
Operator: We will go next to Gregg Gilbert with Bank of America.
Gregg Gilbert - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thanks. I have two. First for Lamberto, clearly immuno-oncology is exciting for your Company, but I think it's also fair to say your market cap assumes pretty significant success in future years already. So my question is, do you see as CEO an opportunity to use your significant market cap to diversify into other exciting areas, if the right opportunities come along? And my follow-up for Charlie is about your mature and other products line, obviously a pretty big chunk of business. Any key variables we should think about within that over the next year or so? Thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti: Well, you see we have been saying that business development is top priority for capital allocation. Soon we will receive if at the closing with the deal with AstraZeneca we received significant amount of money here in the U.S. from AstraZeneca, well there is an upfront payment plus the milestone related to the approval of our figure in the U.S. So, we would have additional cash available for business development as you correctly said. We have shares that are valued say nicely, and therefore we could use those shares also for BD. We will continue to -- we continue, its not something about the future, we continue today at looking at various opportunities and various opportunities are in both, immuno-oncology and outside of immuno-oncology. So, when you think about our priorities, the priorities in business development are in the same areas where we are developing our own programs. What I guess, I’m very close to both areas. Charlie, on the mature brands.
Charles Bancroft: Yes, so Gregg on mature brands it is a catch-off for all of our non sort of core promoted brand’s and we have the normal older sort of off patent as well as some OTC brands particularly in Europe and the markets there is France. But we also have some growth products relating in that form in China, for example. We record SYMLIN sales there which will go away with the diabetes business. And we also recorded things like our Medarex royalties that we get from that acquisition. And then also we have a couple of collaborations with rackets for some OTC brands in Latin America and medicines' company which was our (indiscernible) business. They have their own lifecycle and some go as those deals come to a close. That will have a more significant impact on the mature brands. But generally this is a declining business.
John Elicker: Thanks Gregg. Can we go to the next question please, Shannon?
Operator: We’ll move next to Alex Arfaei with BMO Capital Markets.
Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning and congratulations on a great 2013. Francis on CheckMate 026 many experts think that PDL-1 expression is dynamic. So the question is; have there been any advances in being able to reliably identify PDL-1 positive patients. And a follow-up if I may; can you please give us more clarity on the timeline for the LAC-3 data, we know you sort of mentioned it into the clinic last quarter, perhaps more clarity on the timeline for the other immunotherapies to answer this question? Thank you?
Francis Cuss: Thank you Alex. So talking about the first line lung, I think the goal of making a PDL-1 positive is to enrich the population. And of course obviously if that changes subsequently that will be taken into account in terms of what the data is at the end. But I think we have the opportunity here to as I said I’ll go back, there’s a very broad strategy around biomarkers here. There’s a lot we don’t know about biomarkers, we’re learning all the time. I think we have a great opportunity over the next year or two as our data matures, have a much better idea of the kinetics of the PDL-1 expression and how it might relate to overall survival not just response rate. And I want to reiterate, again I think it's important that our aim is to be able to provide if we have the data supported a treatment for patients who are PDL-1 negative also whether in lung, non-lung or any other tumors. So it's a very broad program, we’re generating the data and I think it's rather early yet to speculate too much about what might happen. We want to get the data. Now as far as our other IO combinations, many trials are ongoing. As I mentioned LAC-3 into the clinic last quarter I think that’s very early to make any predictions yet, but obviously it's very exciting. And perhaps more importantly we have combinations of Nivo with L-21 and or anti-care monoclonal antibody. And so I think we will be seeing data over the next year or two on those, but it's too early to give you an exact timing.
John Elicker: Okay, thanks. Shannon, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: We'll go next Steve Scala with Cowen & Company.
Steve Scala - Cowen & Company: Thank you. And I have two questions. So, Francis, in your prepared comments, you referred to Yervoy as the cornerstone of your immuno-oncology franchise. And I am focusing now on the word cornerstone. I think most immuno-oncologists view PD1 as necessary and fundamental to modulate, and therefore the cornerstone. So it seems to me that Bristol is not absolutely convinced that PD1 is a key component and a cornerstone. I mean, am I correctly characterizing the Bristol view? And the second question is on the settlement with Apotex for Sprycel, can you be more specific on when generics can launch? Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti: So, Steve, this is Lamberto. My Italian accent should have been recognized by using the expression cornerstone for Yervoy, and it was probably not appropriate to say the cornerstone. I don't know if I said that, but to deem [ph] a cornerstone now. To answer your question more directly, PD1 is a cornerstone for immuno-therapy and we are very committed to it and we are very convinced that we can deliver wholesome data with PD1 in the various tumors that we are starting. Do you want to add anything?
Giovanni Caforio: I would just add that I fully agree with Lamberto's characterization of the promise of PD1, so you shouldn't misunderstand how excited we are. But on the other hand, Yervoy is approved and I think the – I've been in this business long enough to know that a bird in the hand is always worth a lot and so it's very good to have in the hand and it gives us a lot of opportunity to build on that, I think, in terms of the broader IO benefit to patients.
John Elicker: And Steve on the Sprycel, I think we have at least 10 more years of market exclusivity related to that case for Sprycel in the U.S. So with that, I'm going to turn it back over to Lamberto. Thanks everybody for all your questions and I'm really glad that Francis was able to join us this morning.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. Francis will leave now in a couple of hours. All right, and let me close this call by saying that again 2013 was an important year for us because we are evolving into a new leading specialty care biopharma company. I think that the solid performance last year and the development and changes that we have delivered put us in a strong position. We have talked a lot about immuno-oncology this morning. We are very excited about what we have in immuno-oncology. And as I said before, we intend to maintain our leadership position in the area. But we also want to continue to evolve the other important assets that we have in cardiovascular, in hepatitis C, in virology in general and the other areas where we are operating. So, thank you for being with us this morning and have a good day.
John Elicker: Thank you, Shannon.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker – Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations Lamberto Andreotti – Chief Executive Officer Charles Bancroft – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Giovanni Caforio, M.D. – President, U.S. Pharmaceuticals Béatrice Cazala – Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations Francis Cuss – Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer 
Analysts: Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann Mark Schoenebaum – ISI Group Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Christopher Schott – JPMorgan Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets Tim Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein Andrew Baum – Citi Steve Scala – Cowen & Company Vamil Divan - Credit Suisse  Gregg Gilbert – Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day. Welcome to today’s third quarter earnings 2013 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, senior vice president, investor relations and public affairs. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.
John Elicker: Thanks, operator, and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us to review our Q3 results. With me this morning with prepared remarks are Lamberto Andreotti, our chief executive officer, Charlie Bancroft, our chief financial officer. And this morning, also with prepared remarks, will be Francis Cuss, our chief scientific officer. And then joining for Q&A are our two commercial leads, Executive Vice President Béatrice Cazala, and the president of U.S. operations, Giovanni Caforio. Before I turn it over to Lamberto, I just want to cover the Safe Harbor language. As you know, during the call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings.  These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change.  We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website, bms.com. Lamberto? 
Lamberto Andreotti : Thank you, John. Good morning everyone. This is an important time for Bristol-Myers Squibb. The third quarter marked our return to growth with respect to both sales and earnings, as we made our way through the Plavix loss of exclusivity. And that, combined with our continued pipeline progress positions us well for the future. Let me elaborate on these points. With respect to sales, not only was our growth strong, up 9%, but also it was diversified, cutting across our portfolio. We drove double-digit growth in Yervoy, Orencia, Sprycel, and Onglyza, and the contribution to the top line results from Eliquis and Bydureon started to become meaningful. This is important. It demonstrates the breadth and quality of our diversified portfolio. Yervoy remains the cornerstone of our growth in our oncology platform. I’m excited, in fact I’m very excited, by the data presented at the European Cancer Congress in September, as it confirms long term survival with Yervoy in metastatic melanoma and reinforced the overall value of this product. Last quarter, Yervoy continued to deliver growth, most notably in Europe and our international markets. Yervoy results in the U.S. were also positive, notwithstanding the impact of a significant number of new clinical trials targeting melanoma patients with other agents. In Europe, the CHMP recently recommended that Yervoy be approved as first-line therapy in advanced melanoma.  With respect to Eliquis, I’m encouraged. We are still very far from the sales levels these products can achieve, but we are seeing definite signs of progress, especially with cardiologists, a target audience for us. We continue to execute against our strategy to clearly define the differentiated and unique profile of Eliquis.  In other countries, we will increase our peer-to-peer medical education activities, and in the U.S. you may have seen that we began our DTC advertising campaign in September for Eliquis in atrial fibrillation. We are also working to expand our label, as we have filed an NDA for VTE prevention in the U.S., which is already an approved indication in Europe, and we plan to file our application in VTE treatment this year. With respect to our diabetes portfolio, we continue to find our way through this very competitive space. In the third quarter, Onglyza sales grew 19% year over year, and within our exenatide franchise, Bydureon sales showed encouraging gains. And with Dapagliflozin, we are looking forward to the FDA Advisory Committee meeting in December and the PDUFA date in January. Now, let me make a couple of comments about our pipeline. With respect to hepatitis C, we believe that we have an interesting opportunity and we are looking forward to AASLD conference next month, when we will present new data on the Phase III trials pre-trial of our all-oral dual regimen, and we are still on track for its important submission in Japan this year. And with respect to immuno-oncology, 2013 has been a year of exciting data for our immuno-oncology platform. Data we have presented so far this year spoke to the very real possibility of paradigm-changing treatments for a range of cancers, and next week we will present additional immuno-oncology data at the World Conference on Lung. Now, because there is much happening related to our work in immune-oncology, I’ve asked Francis to spend a few minutes this morning to walk you through our thinking with respect to this increasingly important area for us. Francis?
Francis Cuss: Thank you, Lamberto, and good morning everyone. As you well know, we’ve been focused on expanding our efforts in immune-oncology as an area where we see a potential paradigm shift in the treatment of patients with certain cancers. We believe that immuno-oncology has the potential to be transformational in the treatment of patients suffering from various types of cancer. The durability of response and long term survival in some patients are quite unlike anything we’ve seen in the past, as demonstrated by the long term survival data for Yervoy recently presented at the European Cancer Congress. Additionally, early data suggests that the immunotherapeutic approach has the potential to provide a benefit not only in tumors traditionally considered immunogenic, but also in other tumor types that have not typically been thought to be immune mediated.  As the field continues to evolve and expand, we believe that there may be roles for monotherapy, combination therapy, and biomarker-directed therapy, and we are therefore building our development programs to prepare for all possibilities. Certainly, the approaches are likely to vary by tumor type as well as by line of therapy. Through our experience with Yervoy and broad programs with Nivolumab, we have a unique understanding in the field which gives us confidence that we are well-positioned to find the ultimate way to utilize these innovative therapies. As you know, we’ve made a very large commitment to immuno-oncology. Currently, for Nivolumab alone, we have over 25 ongoing clinical trials across more than eight tumor types. We continue to explore Yervoy monotherapy in additional tumor types such as prostate and lung, as well as in combination with Nivolumab. In addition, we have a broad portfolio of exploratory immunotherapeutic agents with varying immune mechanisms of action that allows us to explore multiple combinations. Today I’d like to provide a brief update on the status of our major programs. Let me start with lung cancer. As a follow up to the data we presented at ASCO in June, we will be presenting updated two-year survival data from the lung cohort of prior treated patients in the Nivolumab monotherapy study known as 003 at the World Conference on Lung Cancer at the end of October. Next up will be data from the Phase I combination study of Nivolumab with Yervoy in non-small cell lung cancer, which we expect to have in house by the end of the year. This study will provide important information on the feasibility of combinations in this tumor type and potentially inform our plans for Phase III trials starting in the first half of 2014. Following that, we expect to have data in the first part of 2014 from our Phase II study in third line squamous non-small cell lung cancer. If the results of the study demonstrate a favorable benefit risk profile, we plan to discuss the data with the FDA and other health authorities. Finally, we have two ongoing Phase III trials in second line non-small cell lung cancer, one in squamous and one in non-squamous, with both studies collecting information on PD-L1 tumor expression. We expect to have data from these studies later in 2014. In melanoma, we have a broad program ongoing with trials covering all lines of therapy, which includes monotherapy as well as combination of Nivolumab and Yervoy. In previously untreated patients, both monotherapy and combination Phase III trials are underway, and a Nivolumab monotherapy Phase III trial is ongoing in advanced patients who have progressed post-Yervoy. In renal cell cancer, our most advanced trial is focused on focused on metastatic disease, comparing Nivolumab with everolimus. Early trials are exploring the combination of Nivolumab and Yervoy in first line renal cell cancer, and we expect the data in house by the end of this year. And also, we expect early data on the potential role of biomarkers in this tumor type. In all these three tumor types, we remain committed establishing the benefit-risk profile of Nivolumab as quickly as possible, and are closely collaborating with health authorities.  Now, regarding public data presentations, after the lung data at the World Conference on Lung Cancer, we expect the next set of presentations to be at ASCO in 2014, which may include data on the Phase I combination study in non-small cell lung cancer and potentially data from the third-line squamous non-small cell lung cancer, which is ongoing. In addition to the programs for Nivolumab that I highlighted earlier, we’re also exploring its use in additional solid tumor types, including pancreatic, gastric, small cell lung cancer and triple negative breast cancer, as well as hematological malignancies. So, in closing, I think you can see that we have a significant commitment to advancing the field of immuno-oncology through a broad program that is science-driven, diversified, and well resourced. We believe that this commitment, together with our expertise and experience, puts us in an excellent position in this tremendously exciting area. So now I’d like to turn it back to you, Lamberto. 
Lamberto Andreotti : Thanks, Francis. Well, clearly we see immuno-oncology as an important and exciting opportunity for us, one in which we will continue investing heavily, dedicating even more resources, time, people, and money, not only in R&D but also commercially, as we prepare for potential launches. We are also committing the right commercial resources to our key growth drivers, most notably Eliquis, diabetes, and hepatitis C. These products and these therapeutic areas are our future, and my management team and I are determined to set the stage for long term, sustainable growth while at the same time driving short term performance. Now, with that, I will turn the floor over to Charlie to talk through some of our key numbers. Charlie? 
Charles Bancroft : Thank you, Lamberto. Net sales were $4.1 billion in the quarter. We also had solid sales performance across our entire portfolio, especially for Yervoy, Sprycel, Orencia, and Bydureon. Let me provide a few highlights.  Yervoy sales increased 33% year over year to $238 million. Yervoy continued to show strong performance in Europe. We recently received a positive opinion from the CHMP for first line use of Yervoy and hope to have marketing authorization later this year. This is an important addition to our label in Europe and will allow a broader set of patients to potentially benefit earlier in their treatment.  In the U.S., Yervoy sales softened somewhat from the second quarter. As Lamberto mentioned, we have seen an impact from a significant increase in new clinical trials targeting melanoma. Patient enrollment in metastatic melanoma trials has more than doubled since the beginning of the year, with some of that increase coming from our own clinical trials with Nivolumab. While these clinical trials have affected the commercial opportunity at several large academic institutions, we continue to focus on growing Yervoy in the community setting, which represents approximately 60% of our U.S. sales. Recent weekly sales trends are encouraging. We believe having the first line indication in Europe, along with the survival data presented at the European Cancer Congress, will enable us to continue to deliver strong growth. Sales of Eliquis were $41 million during the quarter.  As Lamberto mentioned, we have several initiatives focused on helping prescribers, patients, and payers understand Eliquis’ differentiated profile. Recent prescription trends are improving as we have seen consistent weekly growth during Q3. As an important leading indicator, our overall new to brand share has improved and is now nearly 20% with cardiologists. Our diabetes portfolio had sales of $411 million in the quarter. After a period of transition in our diabetes organization, we are beginning to see more positive trends in this business. Sales for the exenatide franchise were up $193 million, up nearly 14% from Q2, mostly due to renewed new to brand growth for Bydureon and GLP-1 market expansion. Byetta sales were essentially flat versus Q2. Sales for the Onglyza franchise grew 19% year over year to $211 million. We have stabilized our market share in the U.S., where total prescription growth is slowing. We believe the data from the SAVOR cardiovascular outcomes trial provides important clarity regarding the safety profile of Onglyza. We continue to work through the pricing and reimbursement process for Forxiga in Europe and look forward to a potential launch in the U.S. next year. Orencia sales increased 22% to $375 million. Subcu sales have nearly doubled since Q3 2012, and now represent nearly one-third of all Orencia sales. Sprycel sales rose 20% to $316 million. First line use of Sprycel also is growing, as we reinforced Sprycel’s broad indication to treat patients in all phases of CML. Now, let me highlight two line items from the rest of our non-GAAP P&L. Advertising and promotion spending increased 16% to $194 million. This is driven by our increased investment behind our key commercial opportunities such as Eliquis and our diabetes portfolio. We expect to continue these investments as well as ensure we are prepared for the expected hepatitis C launch in Japan and potential launches for Nivolumab. As I mentioned during our second quarter call, the decrease in other income and expense is largely due to the change in the structure of our relationship with Sanofi, whereby we now record royalty income in net sales. As you have seen, we are confirming our full year 2013 GAAP and non-GAAP EPS ranges.  Before we turn to your questions, I want to make a few comments about capital allocation. Business development continues to be our top priority, and we remain committed to the dividend. Regarding share repurchases, you will recall that overall repurchase has slowed significantly in Q2, and this trend continued in the third quarter. Moving forward, we do not anticipate future share repurchases at this time. We are now happy to answer your questions.
John Elicker: Thanks, Charlie. Lastly, we can go to Q&A now, and I would just remind everybody that in addition to Lamberto, Charlie, and Francis, we have both Giovanni and Béatrice here to handle any questions you might have. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] And we’ll take our first question from Seamus Fernandez from Leerink.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann : Just a couple of quick questions. First off, on the trajectory of the Eliquis franchise, can you just give us your thoughts and expectations for should we anticipate stronger performances internationally than in the U.S.? And then why has it been so difficult? Can you just give us a little bit of a lay of the land of the competitive landscape and perhaps what competitors may have convinced physicians of early on, and how you’re going to hopefully change their mindset?  And then separately, Francis, you made an interesting comment with regard to how the Phase I trial in lung may inform a potential move into Phase III in 2014 for Nivolumab plus Yervoy in lung cancer. Can you help us better understand the thresholds as we think about it? There’s been a lot of circulating concern around potential toxicity there, but obviously the prospect of improved efficacy is something important. So just wondering how Bristol would be thinking about the threshold or at least how we should think about your move into Phase III with this potential combination, should that be the decision that you make in 2014.
Lamberto Andreotti : I will start, and then I will ask Giovanni and Beatrice to add comments on Eliquis. First of all, we expect growth for Eliquis in both the U.S. and international markets. And in some of the international markets we have just launched. In the U.S. we launched earlier. In other countries we launched earlier. So we are at a different stage of launch, but the launch continues in both the U.S. and internationally. We were third to the market, and we found two other agents that were entrenched in the market, especially one of them. The good news is that our clinical data is very significant, very differentiated, both the ARISTOTLE and the [unintelligible] data is good. Nobody can make the same claim. And so we are dealing with especially one agent that is basing their strength on having launched earlier, and speaking about convenience, which we don’t think it’s really a great claim. So we will continue to work and will continue to work, and Giovanni, why don’t you start with the U.S., saying what we are doing.
Giovanni Caforio : Just to follow up on what Lamberto said, if you think about our focus in 2013 in the U.S. market, consistent with what we discussed on the last call, we are focused in a number of areas. At the beginning, we had a very heavy focus on access, and we made rapid progress there.  Then we, in parallel, shifted our focus on our presence in the hospital, and the process of entering the hospitals from a formulistic perspective and stocking is a process that requires time. We discussed that at the last call. We’ve made significant progress in the third quarter in that area.  At this point, we are stocked and present in over 80% of our focus hospitals. Our use in the hospitals has been increasing, and we’re quite satisfied, at this point, that we are at the same level of hospital presence, where [unintelligible], for example, was at the same time during their launch.  As we discussed earlier, we have a very heavy focus on medical education and peer-to-peer programs because we really have the broadest and the deepest data set in atrial fibrillation of all agents, and understanding that profile requires time and the right setting for physicians. So we have actually increased very significantly our investment in that area. We are executing a very large number of programs, and we continue to see that when physicians have the time to understand the data, they really understand the differentiated profile of Eliquis. We also started DTC and the TV ads, and that will have an impact over time. As was mentioned before, although our uptake clearly has been slower than we had expected, we actually are making good progress in the third quarter.  Our growth over the last four weeks in key Rxes is 23%, our growth in NB Rxes is close to 20%. When you look at the cardiology setting, in a quarter during which the new to brand prescriptions of both Pradaxa and Xarelto were flat, we experienced very, very good growth. Our NB Rx share in cardiology now is close to 19%, which compares to 12% for Pradaxa. So we are continuing to make progress, and the areas of focus going forward are the same as I just described. 
Béatrice Cazala: Regarding international, first let me talk briefly about Europe. We have now launched Eliquis in about 13 countries. And we saw significant growth, more than 100%, quarter over quarter. We are planning to launch in another four countries across Europe, including Italy. So this target launch also accounts for possibly the slower pace that you can see.  We are feeling positive now about access. We are focusing our launch effort mainly on the cardiologists, and we are allocating resources strongly at the hospital, but also differentiating versus the level of [unintelligible] penetration in various markets.  What makes Europe also is very different penetration of the [unintelligible], which gives us a lot of opportunities, because you go from countries where [unintelligible] are only at 2% penetration, and others where it’s already 25%. So we are clearly differentiating our investment there, and we will be very competitive in other segments of the market, in all the various markets.  We are continuing to do strong medical education. Let’s not forget that [unintelligible] [authorization] starts with the hospital. Most of the patients go to the hospital in Europe. Then we also [unintelligible] the cardiologists and the general practitioners. So we are trying to accelerate the hospital discharge and the prescription at the hospital [unintelligible], moving to cardiologists and general practitioners.  A lot of education needs to take place, and this is happening now. We are reinforcing our resources there. And as we see now more recent market data, we see that the differentiated profile starts being perceived by the cardiologists, which are [unintelligible] very important for the long term growth of the products.  
Francis Cuss : We were very encouraged with the melanoma data with the combination, and we were pleasantly surprised with the tolerability that we saw there. But as you appreciate, lung cancer is a different indication, and we will be looking, clearly, at the therapeutic index. We don’t have the data yet, and I can’t speculate about what we will see. But just to remind you that of course what we believe is one of the most valuable aspects of immunotherapy is the durable response. And that data set will be evolving over the next 6 to 12 months. And of course our hope will be combination that we will see an enhanced, durable response. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group : On diabetes, I was wondering if you could tell us what you were able to realize in price for the DPP4 franchise if possible, in the quarter, in the U.S., most importantly, if that’s possible. Number two, I’d love to get your perspective on the increased rates of hospitalizations for heart failure seen in the SABRE trial, whether or not you think that’s going to generate any kind of regulatory scrutiny. And then finally, on Nivo, the upcoming potentially pivotal Phase II third line refractory squamous trial, what level of response would you define as success in that trial?
Francis Cuss : So, as you noted, one component of our secondary endpoint hospitalization for heart failure did occur, specifically more than the untreated group. But it is important to note, I think, that there was no increased risk of death due to heart failure overall, and in patients who entered the trial with a history of heart failure, there was no statistical different between the treatment and the primary endpoint.  So we’ve been discussing with consultants about what this may mean, and we’ve had discussions with the regulators and we’ll be making a submission of this data to see where any change to the labeling will come. That will be happening early next year. I think it’s important to also mention that if you take the SABRE trial overall, there was clearly some benefits there in terms of diabetic control. While that wasn’t the point of the trial, it was very reassuring from that perspective, that patients treated with [Onglyza] had better control, and I think there was reassuring data around pancreatitis, even though the numbers were small in the end, and pancreatic cancer. So, overall, we felt the SABRE trial did really inform quite considerably on the use of DPP4 inhibitors, specifically Onglyza.  As far as squamous is concerned, unfortunately, like all these things, it will depend exactly on the data we see. We think, and I’ll repeat, it’s very important to consider that this is a patient population with no other options at all at the present time, and that it’s a very important aspect of this to see what the long term durable response rate is, not just the overall response rate. We think that’s important.
Charles Bancroft : Mark, I think your question was more related to the U.S. in regard to price. Overall, as we think of the Onglyza franchise, we continue to be at roughly parity with Januvia, and we did take a 5% [unintelligible] price increase in August of this year.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs 
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs: I just have a couple of questions. Lamberto, first to you, I guess that given the significant commitment to immuno-oncology and the 25 trials ongoing with Nivolumab, and others, I’m just wondering if you’re signaling to investors that we should assume a change in the rate of growth in R&D, different from what we’ve seen the past couple of years?  And my second question relates to the hep C program. Not sure who will take this, but if you could just help us to think about the commercial opportunity in Japan from your all-oral dual regimen. The reason why I think this is tough for us to figure out is that Telaprevir was a big disappointment in Japan, even though it produced much higher cure rates from peg/riba. Your combination obviously excludes peg/riba. So how should we think about the commercial uptake, pricing, etc.? And then secondly, how long do you expect to be on that market without competitors, which, you know, as I understand, will be on your heels. 
Lamberto Andreotti : Thank you for this question, because this allows me to expand on the subject of investments that both Charlie and I mentioned in our remarks. Let me say that we will continue to invest to support this immuno-oncology portfolio, and we will continue to invest behind Eliquis, hep C, and diabetes.  And all this will get the resources that they deserve, and this will increase our expenses, mostly the commercial expenses, because within R&D we have a number of programs that are ending now, and therefore we will have resources coming from within R&D to finance the additional expenses that immuno-oncology will especially require. And they are significant, by the way.  But in commercial, we have already eliminated a lot of the expenses behind the old products, and therefore we will think about increasing commercial expenses. We will be ready to launch Nivo, and we will continue to support Yervoy. And as we said, Yervoy will launch as a first line in Europe. So we will expand the commercial activities behind Eliquis in the U.S., in the early launches, and we will launch outside the U.S. and the most recent countries.  And then Charlie will speak about the investments that will be required by the launch of hep C in Japan. And finally, we have Forziga hopefully approved next year, so we will have a launch of Forziga in the U.S.  Having said that, we are extremely aware, my management and I are extremely aware, of how important it is to deliver short term results, and we will deliver them, but we consider equally, if even not more important, to build a solid foundation for sustained long term growth. So we will devote resources, in summary, as I said, to all the great opportunities we have. 
Charles Bancroft : As Lamberto mentioned in his opening comments, we are very excited about our opportunity to bring the first all-oral hep C regimen to market in Japan with our genotype 1B strategy. Our registrational Phase III study of daclatasvir and asunaprevir in Japanese genotype 1B patients will be presented at AASLD in a couple of weeks, and we plan to file in Japan later in this quarter. Remember that there are about 1.2 million people infected with hepatitis C in Japan, and about 70% of them have genotype 1B. These patients are largely elderly and many either cannot tolerate the current interferon-based standard of care or are ineligible to receive it. So that speaks to the real opportunity and why the current standard of care has not done as well, to your earlier point. And finally, we believe we have up to an 18-month lead on both [ABVI] and Gilead in Japan. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Chris Schott with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Schott – JPMorgan: Just had three here. I guess first, we’ve seen your competitors in the PD-L1 space focusing a bit more on PD-L1 status, particularly in non-small cell lung cancer. Can you just elaborate on your view on this dynamic and what implications it has either to the size of the market or the competitive positioning of Nivo? Second, on Eliquis, with the slower launch - I know things are accelerating a bit now - have you changed your internal peak sales assumptions on the product based on the experience thus far? And then finally, switching to diabetes, in light of some of the moves by payers to narrow their formulary to one or two products in some of these major categories, can you just talk about how formulary dynamics play out in the space over time? And are things just becoming more challenging with payers on that portion of your business?
Lamberto Andreotti : I have a very quick answer to your question on Eliquis. No, our peak sales have not changed. And we are still very confident about Eliquis, and what the product can achieve.
Francis Cuss : Can I say a word about the PD-L1? As you remember, Chris, we reported biomarker data last year in the New England Journal of Medicine that suggested PD-L1 might be a predictive marker for the activity of Nivolumab. And as a result, we’ve been studying this throughout our broad Phase III program.  Now, it’s important to note that our clinical development plans are designed to explore both the potential predictive biomarker and to ensure that the patients who may benefit are not excluded if they’re biomarker negative. So our objective is to conduct well-controlled Phase III studies that will establish the validity of any biomarker based on overall survival. And again, it’s an important element, not just about response rate, overall survival. And I think finally it’s hard to predict exactly how this will come out, because as you understand, the approach for developing immunotherapies is rather different from what we would use in [unintelligible] in medicines. So in immuno-oncology, we’re really targeting the host and the interaction of the tumor and the host’s immune system, as opposed to tumor mutations such as KRAS or BRAF. That being said, I think I would say as far as we’re concerned in BMS we have a lot of experience with KRAS and [unintelligible]. We do understand what’s necessary to have a pharmacodiagnostic properly validate and to develop the data that’s going to be required for the regulators to make a decision. So I think we’re generating the data, we’ll see what the data is, and we’ll debate and collaborate with the regulators to provide perhaps a biomarker or perhaps an accelerated submission if that’s appropriate.
Giovanni Caforio : Let me make a comment on diabetes access. Clearly, as you know, this is a very big market, very competitive and crowded. And obviously it’s an area of focus for payers, and that will not change going forward. From our perspective, this is the one area in fact having a broad portfolio really creates a good platform for us to negotiate with payers through the three classes.  When we look at our competitive position, our access with Bydureon is improving, and following following the loss of Caremark at the end of last year, our access position this year with Onglyza and Kombiglyze has been good and stable. Going into next year, as you probably know, we had two very important wins with ESI, which is a very important customer, both with respect to our position with Onglyza and [unintelligible], and most importantly with Bydureon as the preferred GLP-1. So it continues to be an area of focus for us, but we’re working very actively. We have a good portfolio, and we’ll be able to continue to compete.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Alex Arfaei with BMO Capital Markets. 
Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets: First, for Francis, I realize it’s a bit early, but could you please comment on some of the other cancer immunotherapies that you have in the clinic, and roughly when we can expect data? And then a follow up on Forxiga. Is the FDA outcome later this year simply a follow up to earlier issues? Because it doesn’t seem like one is expected for [unintelligible]. 
Francis Cuss:
 : The outcome for Forxiga, we know we have an outcome in December that the FDA, I think it’s important to note, has been working through, despite the government shutdown. We feel we’ve answered all the questions that came from the CRL. And we added additional data to the submission. Some of that was presented at the EASD in September, and some more on hypertension will be presented at the AHA in November. And this will be part of the outcome.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Tim Anderson from Sanford Bernstein.
Tim Anderson - Sanford Bernstein : If I can go back to biomarkers, your positioning over at least initially was a little bit uncertain whether L1 expression would be highly predictive. But when I look at the data that has continued to come out, it seems like that body of evidence does increasingly support that L1 expression predicts efficacy. And I guess my question to you is has your thinking changed over time? I know your development programs are set up to look at it, but are you kind of warming up, the more data you see to the idea of L1 being predictive?  And then related to this, what other predictive biomarkers are you looking at, or is anyone in the industry looking at, that’s been promising?  And then the last question is, going back to your comment, you said the next public data downstream of World Lung Conference would be ASCO, but I’m imagining you’ll have top line results of various sorts in between. If that’s right, maybe you could outline what some of these would include. I would imagine that would be the Phase II lung cancer data and the combo data with [ipi], for example.
Francis Cuss : So I think it’s fair to say our data and others suggest that the PD-L1 biomarker will enrich full response. However, it’s also very clear that there’s a number of patients who are apparently PD-L1 negative who also respond. And I think it’s important that we don’t exclude those patients from the potential benefit. And I think it’s particularly important to say also that the data set will evolve, and we’ll get some sense of the long term response. But that being said, we’re leaving ourselves open to take the data we generate and in discussions with the regulators to come up with the best approach.
Lamberto Andreotti : Can I make a comment, please? Not obviously very scientific, but aren’t others drawing conclusions a bit too early at this point? I mean, don’t we need more patients, more experience, before we draw final conclusions on these very important aspects?
Francis Cuss : Well, I think that’s certainly our point of view. I think we’re leaving ourselves open to go with a biomarker if that’s what the data shows, but we also want to make sure that we make sure this therapy is open to the broadest number of patients. I think as far as other predictive biomarkers are concerned, there’s a lot of work ongoing in terms of understanding that interaction between the host and the tumor. And I don’t think at this point I want to share that data, but it’s certainly an area of considerable work, both internally within BMS and externally with our collaborators. As far as the next public data, let me reiterate what I said. The two-year lung data will be presented from 003 at the World Lung Conference in Sydney later this week. And then we will be getting considerable amounts of data over the next six months, within BMS, but the next time we’re planning to present publicly will be at ASCO, and there will be data sets, probably further data sets on 003 survival, 004, which is the combination, and potentially the third line Phase II study in non-small cell lung squamous cell.
John Elicker: And Tim, you’re right, we will also have the combo Phase I lung study in house, hopefully by the end of the year. 
Francis Cuss : Both the non-small cell and renal cell.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Andrew Baum with Citi.
Andrew Baum - Citi : Three questions please. First, can you give us an update on Urelumab, your anti-CD137? When should we expect to see some of the data from your ongoing trials? Second, could you help us understand the lower pneumonitis grade three rates that you’re seeing with Nivolumab of late? To what extent is this just a function of patient selection and management? And in actual fact, when you start looking at combination therapies, the [unintelligible] benefits of PD-L1 target data may look somewhat better? And then finally, how will the GBA decision on Galvus reimbursements in Germany impact the pricing of the class in the rest of Europe?
Francis Cuss : Urelumab, we have a couple of studies ongoing. They’re exploratory studies. They’re event-based studies. So they will be probably reporting out sometime in 2015, perhaps a little sooner. As far as the pneumonitis rate, we’re not seeing very high rates at all. We have seen [unintelligible] with both PD1 and our PD-L1. And it’s very difficult with very small numbers. I think it’s an important potential adverse event, but it doesn’t happen very often, and we do expect, as the numbers grow, to have a better sense of that. But I think it’s very hard at this point to interpret at all about whether it will be greater or lesser with either PD1 or PD-L1.
Béatrice Cazala : Regarding the GBA, you probably all heard that on October 1 a ruling was made after a class review of all the DPP-4s, and their combinations. So we’re very pleased to see that in a very difficult context in Germany for diabetes, our products, [Onglyza] and Kombiglyze, were given an added minor benefit over [unintelligible] metformin. So that happened with [unintelligible]. The others, as you mentioned, did not get any benefit.  So, what happens now in the process, and to understand what could be the outcome, is that negotiations on pricing are going to start with [unintelligible]. So obviously each company will negotiate their pricing, and we’ll see then the outcome. For us, we feel that with an additional benefit, we will be able to conclude pricing negotiations relatively quickly, and we cannot speculate what exactly [unintelligible], but we will be ready to face any opportunities [unintelligible]. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Steve Scala with Cowen. 
Steve Scala – Cowen & Company: I have two followups from points made on the second quarter call. I apologize if you’ve already given this piece of information, but what is the share of Eliquis among cardiologists? I think on the second quarter call you said it was about 15%.  And on Nivolumab, on the second quarter call you stated that there was no more public disclosures this year, when indeed you do have this two-year update that you referenced a couple of times on the call coming this week, or next week. So three months ago you probably didn’t have the two-year data, but now you do, the two-year update. So I’m wondering if receipt of the data changed your language or characterization of the event.
Giovanni Caforio : Let me start with the cardiology MB Rx share. The latest data point we have is 18.9% share for Eliquis from a new patient share in cardiology.
Francis Cuss: Just to say that we always planned to present the long term data at the World Lung Conference in Sydney. You’re right, that’s not new. That was always the plan. But you’re right, the next date after that is ASCO.
John Elicker: And I think part of that we’re seeing the view that this is data from an existing study that had already been presented, so we weren’t presenting data from any new studies the remainder of this year. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse. 
Vamil Divan - Credit Suisse : I’ve got one on the pipeline and one on the market side. On the market side, about Orencia, you mentioned the subcu formulation. And I think you said it’s about a third of the use is now with that formulation. I think that’s consistent with what we’re hearing too. Just wondering if you’re sensing that that’s helping position you to get more comfortable moving Orencia up earlier in the algorithm, and maybe what else you can expect in terms of lifecycle management. And then on Nivo, I realize it’s a bit early to be asking this question, but we’ve been getting this question a lot ourselves. And so on the pricing side, and there seems to be a lot of wide range of assumptions there in terms of how the combo could potentially be priced. And once again, I realize it’s early, but if there’s anything you could say just in terms of directionally how we should be thinking about that, what your framework is in terms of thinking about pricing, just because it is such a key variable in our model and I think others as well.
Lamberto Andreotti : You’re right, the pricing on Nivo is a very important subject, but we’re not willing to discuss it today. We are devoting a lot of attention to that subject. We are discussing it internally. We are collecting the right data. And obviously we will make the decision over time, and we will announce it at the very last minute.
Giovanni Caforio : Maybe let me start with Orencia in the U.S. We had a very good quarter in the U.S. The brand was up 17% versus previous year. The subcu formulation was up significantly, both versus prior year and then sequentially over the previous quarter in the U.S. That is happening exactly as you mentioned, as a result of physicians feeling more and more comfortable in using the subcu formulation earlier in the treatment paradigm. And in fact, even our promotional strategy has shifted really to promoting the value of Orencia subcu as a first line biologic. As you may have seen and know, we’re now the third most prescribed subcu agent in the U.S. and the trends continue to be positive.
Béatrice Cazala : Similarly, in international and in Europe, things are going very well for Orencia. In Europe, particularly, the market was 70%-plus in subcu, so having now the addition and the reimbursement [unintelligible], but in most markets for subcu it’s very helpful to those who are growing by more than 40% in the last quarter. So, similarly, we see more and more use, first line biologic [unintelligible] and more and more thinking about the first line biologics. [unintelligible], but also what we have noticed in the last quarter is that our IV business seems to be bottoming out and stabilizing and regrowing, so that’s also good, because we have additional growth coming from new patients, not just cannibalization.
Operator: And we’ll take our final question from Gregg Gilbert with Bank of America. 
Gregg Gilbert – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: For Giovanni and Beatrice, I was curious how much does your oncology commercial effort need to expand is Nivo is approved in lung cancer, and when would you begin that expansion? And for Charlie, on tax rate, wondering what a good tax rate to use longer term would be, now that you’ve had some more time post-Plavix LOE. And does that new rate give you adequate flexibility to raise the dividend if you were choose so, and to buy back stock, if you were to choose to do so again in the future. Just wondering how much flexibility is left within your new tax structure.
Giovanni Caforio : Very quickly, on the U.S., as you know, we have a very good organization in the U.S., with a strong and diversified portfolio. We are well-resourced for [unintelligible] in melanoma. Obviously we are thinking about lung. That’s a bigger opportunity, it’s a larger prescriber base, and we will be ready to launch that as well. So we clearly will invest and grow the sales organization in the U.S..
Béatrice Cazala : And as you know, lung is really a global issue, from China to Japan to the U.S. So the global team are working with all our original team to assess in the next fiscal year how much resources we need to be ready and start early on. It’s clear that with the competitive landscape, we want to be ready and not to have the reorganize every year, each time we have an additional indication of an additional evolution. So we are working on that very actively with all our regions.
Lamberto Andreotti : Yes, this is the new paradigm in oncology, where we have multiple indications potentially coming very quickly, and therefore we are thinking, in the U.S., as Giovanni said, and outside of the U.S., as Beatrice said, of creating an infrastructure and a structure that doesn’t need to be changed at every indication. And also we need to start very early with these new prescribers, the new indication with new prescribers. Remember the work we had to do with the melanoma prescribers at the beginning to familiarize them with immuno-oncology? Well, the same needs to be done now, to much grow the base in the U.S. and internationally, to familiarize them with immuno-oncology. And they are especially the lung cancer prescribers.
Charles Bancroft :  On the tax rate, you may recall that we benefited in 2013 by having the double up of the R&D tax credit from 2012. Going forward, our tax rate is very dependent upon where our earnings mix comes from. And we’ve said at least in the intermediate term we view our tax rate in the mid to high teens area. I can’t give more than that. We’re going to have to roll up the numbers and see where all the different earnings come from. As far as the dividend, that’s an annual board decision, and that’s not one I can talk about at this point. And in regard to share repurchase, I would just reinforce what I said in my opening comments, that we do not anticipate any share repurchases going forward at this time.
Lamberto Andreotti : Thank you, Charlie. Even though this is a decision of the board, we are aware that the board and we are committed to the dividend. So I know that every comment we make on dividends might be misinterpreted. I just don’t want your comment to be misinterpreted. We are committed to the dividend, and the board will decide on it quarter by quarter and year by year. Let me conclude the session by repeating that this is an important time for Bristol-Myers Squibb, with return to growth, our pipeline progress, and our balanced approach to delivering the results of today while laying the foundation for the results of tomorrow. Taken together, Bristol-Myers Squibb is strong and I’m convinced we are well-positioned for the future. Thank you very much, and you have a great day. 
John Elicker: Okay, that’s going to conclude the call. Thanks everybody for joining. As always, the IR team here at Bristol is available for followups. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  John Elicker – Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations Lamberto Andreotti – Chief Executive Officer Charles Bancroft – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Elliott Sigal – Chief Scientific Officer, Executive Vice President and President of Research & Development Giovanni Caforio, M.D. – President, U.S. Pharmaceuticals Béatrice Cazala – Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations Francis Cuss – Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer 
Analysts: Gregg Gilbert – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jami Rubin – Goldman Sachs Andrew Baum – Citi Tim Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein Seamus Fernandez – Leerink Swann, LLC David Risinger – Morgan Stanley Marc Goodman – UBS Mark Schoenebaum – ISI Group Steve Scala – Cowen and Company Christopher Schott – JPMorgan Tony Butler – Barclays Capital  
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to today’s 2013 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Public affairs. Please go ahead, sir.
John Elicker:  Thanks, Catherine, and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us to review our second quarter results. With me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer, and both Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks. Also joining for the Q&A portion are Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer, who formally took over on July 01. Béatrice Cazala, who is Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations and joining us from Rome is Giovanni Caforio, Giovanni has been kind enough to join us from our Rome Offices as he dealing with from family health issues over there. So before we get started, let me cover off the legal requirements. During this call, we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliation’s of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website bms.com. Lamberto.
Lamberto Andreotti: Well, thank you, John. Good morning everyone. We have just completed another very important quarter for our company. We made good progress in R&D including the presentation of key data and advances on the regulatory front. We demonstrated real strength in the performance of comp of our key products, namely YERVOY, SPRYCEL, ORENCIA and with our other franchise. And with respect to ELIQUIS® and our diabetes franchise in [Americas] we did well but in some we did not get the results we wanted and we need improvement. All necessary actions are in places to help us realize the sales and market share that our product can achieve. Let me elaborate on this point. Clinically the big news first quarter will the ASCO meeting at which we presented very exciting data the demonstrated at our immuno-oncology portfolio has a very real potential which significantly changed the treatment paradigms for patients with a range of concepts. Granted we still have a lot of work to do but the promise of our immuno-oncology work is evident and presents us with important opportunities that we are committed to invest behind. YERVOY is performing well in all markets and we continue to develop it in new indications. We have seven potential registrational trials underway on Nivolumab in three separate cancer types, renal, lungs, and melanoma. And we are considering additional tumors, and we have other products at an earlier stage of development. Significance is the fact that we are developing our immuno-oncology assets in both monotherapy and combination and ASCO we presented the results of our Phase III trials combining Nivolumab and YERVOY in patient with advanced melanoma the first such clinical trials to combine to immuno-oncology agent. Simply stated the results of this Phase I trial were striking. We will continue as I said to devote significant resources to our exciting immuno-oncology program. Regarding ELIQUIS we made progress with respect to life cycle management in the U.S. we filed for VTE prevention an indication already approved the and launched in Europe and other international markets. We presented the results of the amplified study of ELIQUIS at the IFDH Congress results that forward speak to the strong safety and efficacy profile of ELIQUIS in this case for patients in VTE treatment and we plan to file later this year. Commercially the global launch is well underway and there are being some positive indicators especially concerning our work with cardiologists, but the results appear far from the levels that I believe ELIQUIS can reach thanks to each profile that is strong and well differentiated. Together with Pfizer we’ve identified various opportunities for improvement and not intensifying our access efforts and our field medical and promotional activities. Additionally, we’ll be initiating our DTC campaign in the U.S. in the first quarter. Regarding diabetes, as you know we announced the topline results from our SAVOR study ONGLYZA and why we will have to wait until September for a fuller analysis we were pleased that the drug met its primary face the objective. With respect to FORXIGA, we have great (inaudible) application with the FDA in just this morning perfect timing. The FDA notified us that it would consider factory submission completed and gave out the new PDUFA date of January 14, 2014. We look forward to working closely with FDA in the coming months to review the filings and we are preparing for a likely (inaudible) Diabetes is an important therapeutic area for us. We have a strong portfolio in an increasingly more competitive and more crowded space. And we and AstraZeneca had made the determination to increase our commercial investment behind the portfolio. Turning to the rest of our products, this was the last quarter affected by the loss of Plavix last year and excluding Plavix and Avapro/Avalide we deliver us solid double-digit growth last quarter. Again I would especially pleased with the performance of our key products namely YERVOY, SPRYCEL, and ORENCIA products that are important for the future of Bristol-Myers Squibb. And taking as a whole, I’m increasingly happy about the trends and diversity of our portfolio. A number of things can and will be improved, but we are moving in the right direction with the right products. As you have seen we have updated our financial guidance, we are including our outlook for revenue. The reduction is related largely to two factors, foreign exchange and the recall of Fervex a local OTC product in France and other international markets. Charlie will discuss these two factors that affect our top-line. What I want to make clear is that, while we continue to look for opportunities to be more efficient across the entire organization, we are also protecting key R&D and promotional expenses. As we know they are important investments for our future success. Again, taken as a whole, this was an important quarter for Bristol-Myers Squibb. Our focus on balanced execution remains the right approach, focusing on driving short-term results, while lay the foundation for long-term growth. With that let me turn the phone over to Charlie for a closer look to some of our results. Thank you.
Charles Bancroft: Thank you, Lamberto and good morning everyone. As you have seen, we delivered non-GAAP EPS of $0.44 and reported double-digit sales gains in our key brands. Excluding Plavix and Avapro, global sales grew 10%, led by YERVOY, SPRYCEL and ORENCIA. Let me provide some highlights. YERVOY’s sales were $233 million, an increase of 44%. YERVOY continues to post strong sales growth as physicians embrace YERVOY’s durable long-term survival benefit and efficacy in a broad range of patient. In the U.S., we continue to do well in the hospital setting and we are seeing strong growth with community-based oncologists. YERVOY also completed a best quarter in Europe and had strong quarter in South America and Australia as well. You may recall that during Q1, there was a 25 million returns reversal in our reported YERVOY sales. ORENCIA Sales increased 21% to $352 million. We continue to see strong growth in the ORENCIA’s share of biologic-naïve patients as we expand access, imbursement and the promotion for ORENCIA subcu. While sales of the IV in subcu formulations are both growing, subcu continue to set the pace and now represent nearly 30% of all ORENCIA sale. By early fall, we plan to launch ORENCIA subcu in seven additional market in Europe were new guidelines announced last month at (inaudible) recommend ORENCIA as a first-line biologic for patients with rheumatoid arthritis. SPRYCEL grew 28% to $312 million. The first-line trial and usage of SPRYCEL continues to grow in all market, especially among physicians who traditionally select a first generation PKI for patient with CML. We also continue to educate prescriber about the revise NCCN guideline, which incurred switching earlier at three months of treatment milestones have not been met. Sales of ELIQUIS were $12 million during the quarter, while the initial launch has been a bit slower than we anticipated, we and Pfizer are aligned and continued belief that ELIQUIS will be the leading new agent in this market overtime. As Lamberto mentioned, there are areas in which we had a good start, particularly in cardiology. But we clearly have identified areas for improvement to ensure the differentiated profiles of ELIQUIS is recognized by provision and patient. In order to help ELIQUIS game momentum in the U.S. we will be increasing our medical educational activities with physicians in key territories. We also will launching a DTC campaign during the third quarter. Outside the U.S. we’ve plan to launch ELIQUIS in nine additional countries by year-end. Our diabetes portfolio had sales of $215 million in the quarter. Clearly, the diabetes market has becoming increasingly competitive and we along with our partner AstraZeneca recognized the need to adequately resource this business and execute better to drive growth, and therefore, planned to increase our commercial investment in the second half of the year. Sales for the ONGLYZA franchise were up 40%, this includes a favorable impact from a $26 million return reversal in the U.S. As you will recall there was a significant change in formulary status at Caremark late last year. We believe we are seeing signs of stabilization in franchise performance at our TRX here move slightly excluding the Caremark in time. For BYDUREON and BYETTA Q2 was the first quarter in which we had full commercial control of the [genotype] franchise on a worldwide basis, having taking over the international market on April, 01. BYDUREON had a good quarter at sales in the U.S. were up 10% sequentially. With AstraZeneca, we will be increasing our resources behind by BYDUREON. For BYETTA, we will focus our promotional efforts in combination with long acting insulin. We’re in the process of launching for CV in Europe and as Lamberto mentioned the FDA just accepted our regulatory resubmission in the U.S. We also posted solid gains in our global HIV and Hepatitis B with sales totaling $1.2 billion in the quarter. REYATAZ global sales were $431 million, a gain of more than 6%, driven in part by the timing of tenders in Brazil. Sales of ATRIPLA and SUSTIVA also rose 6% to $411 million. ATRIPLA remains the number one single tablet regimen. I also want to address and recall we undertook during the second quarter for three of our matured brands outside the U.S. which together had 2012 full year sales of approximately $100 million. The largest of these brands is Fervex an OTC product for cold and flu symptoms. This was a voluntary recall based on quality concerns from the third-party supplier and there has been no product complaints or reported adverse health events. In Q2 the estimated pretax impact of this recall was about $54 million or $0.02 per share. This includes an inventory write-off, sales returns and estimated loss sales. We are pursuing several options to get the product back on the market which we don’t expect to occur until sometime in 2014 with that assumption we estimate an additional $30 million pretax impact during the second half of 2013. Now let me highlight two line items from the rest of our P&L. I will quote with our remarks on our non-GAAP results. As John mentioned reconcilations to our GAAP results are available on our press release and on our website. First I want to comment on other income and expense, a line item we do not usually discuss. Prior to the restructuring of our agreement with Sanofi at beginning of this year, we had reported royalties from certain international markets in this line. Following the restructuring any royalties from these markets are reported as revenue. The impacts of other income and expense this quarter is roughly $40 million. Secondly, our non-GAAP tax rate was 13.8% during the quarter primarily driven by favorable earnings mix and an adjustment to our reserve associated with the legal entity restructuring we did late last year. Finally regarding guidance, we are revising our full-year 2013, non-GAAP EPS guidance range to a $1.70 to $1.78. We are also making the following line item revision. 2013 sales are expected to be between $16 billion and $16.5 billion. In addition to the recall that I discussed earlier foreign exchange is having a significant impact on our sale, particularly a Japanese Yen. At current rates, we estimate that sales will be negatively impacted by approximately $180 million as compared to our original expectations. Gross margin is now expected to be approximately 73% primarily driven by product mix. A&T is now expected to increase in the mid single-digit range. While we are increasing resources behind certain growth spend, we have been more efficient with some of our mature product spend. And finally our full-year effective tax rate is now expected to be approximately 15%. At this time, we would be happy to answer to your question.
Francis Cuss:  So Catherine I think we are ready to go the Q&A portion and I would just remind people that in addition to Lamberto and Charlie, we have Beatrice, Francis and Giovanni here to take any questions that you might have. Catherine?
Operator: Yes sir. (Operator Instructions) We will take our first caller Gregg Gilbert from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Gregg Gilbert – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes hi good morning. I was curious when we will see any new data on the Wal-Mart in any tumor type and also some commentary on ELIQUIS and maybe some specifics around which you are doing there to get the product going other than access related issues. Thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Why don’t you – why don’t I start. Thank you this gives me the opportunity of saying couple of things about, a couple of additional things about, Lamberto and then Francis will continue, with more specific answer to your question. I want to confirm that we are aggressively invest in this immuno-oncology portfolio that we have and it will not be clearly an important component of this portfolio that we started to build with YERVOY. We believe that based on the data we presented at ASCO, we believe that transformational potential of immuno-oncology and we feel good about our leadership position in this area. Others are working also in this area, we’ve company that working also in this area, but we are committed to remain at the forefront through a program that is science driven that are device entity and actually go. Let's go back to, to PD-1 and the question on the disclosure out data.
Giovanni Caforio:  Thank you, Gregg, we are very encouraged by the progress at both our Phase III and early trials. We expect to get data from our ongoing Phase II study and third line squamous non-small cell lung early in 2014 depending on the results of that and our discussions with regulators that may lead to a submission and obviously an opportunity to present that at ASCO. In addition we have combination data from Nivolumab and YERVOY ongoing renal cell carcinoma and non-small cell lung this is 1b study and we will be seeing in-house that data before the end of the year that will help us to determine how to go forward with further studies in that combination. Again this will be presented at ASCO next year. Thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Yeah, Giovanni I think this is not unexpected question of the ELIQUIS options just to answer, but let me just say before you do that your line may (inaudible). I personally my higher management team our colleagues at Pfizer are convinced that the clinical profile of ELIQUIS is unique and differentiated. We are the only agent with superiority clients versus (inaudible) in the freaky outcomes of stroke and systemic embolism, major bleeding and mortality. And the other two new agents cannot make the same attributable to the [R&D] claim. So we have things to do, we are convinced that new supportive actions we identified with Pfizer will either results and we continue to believe, I personally continue to believe and everybody here continues to believe that ELIQUIS will be the leading new agent overtime. Giovanni, why don’t you go into the specifics of actions?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes thanks you. Good morning. I would say following up to what Lamberto just said there are really four areas in which we are focusing on, I’ll touch on those very briefly. We had really good access early in launch with a large percentage of lights covered in both commercial and Medicare, the focus now for the second part of the year is actually increasing, preferred status coverage in both areas and currently as you know in Medicare that is very important. The second point is, with hospital formulary listing and stocking we had somewhat of a slow start there, we are now back on track, but clearly in the second part of the year we’ll be working very actively to fully close that gap. The third one is penetration in cardiology, as Lamberto mentioned; we actually have had a good initial uptake in cardiology when you look at new two brands share in MBRX share we are at roughly 15% at this point in cardiology, which is in line with PRADAXA and when you look at our switch share in cardiology this above 20% or significant for PRADAXA.
 :
Lamberto Andreotti: Thanks Greg for the questions. Catherine can we go to the next one?
Operator:  Yes sir. Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jami Rubin – Goldman Sachs: Thank you just a couple of follow-ups. The $12 million in sales that we recorded this quarter for ELIQUIS, just was wondering they don’t seem to match with prescription trends that we have seen during the second quarter and not that we think the trends have been so spectacular, but there does seem to be a disconnect where they are scripts that were nut shelled returns just trying to understand that. And then Francis if you could elaborate a bit more on PD-1, just curious to note post ASCO did you see a bump at all in enrollment and just curious to know how enrollment is going with your trial and then also interested in what trials have you started with other immuno checkpoints in combination with PD-1 outside of three tumors you have already studied. Thanks.
Francis Cuss: Giovanni, do you want to answer the question on prescriptions and sales of ELIQUIS?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes in the U.S. only demand sales in the quarter was $16 million and so the $12 million really relates to a work down in the initial inventory, which was built in Q1 when we started distribution of the products. But the demand in the quarter for the U.S. market was $16 million. And in terms of abandonment and rejection rates. We’re doing quite well. It’s in line with our forecast because our reimbursement support programs are working quite effectively.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Jamie, thank you. So we’ve had no difficult at all recruiting. What has bumped up after ASCOs obviously with combination studies we have ongoing. And actually requests for many different other tumors in compassionate use. There is a lot of interest. In terms of other tumors and other combinations, I’d say, we’re looking already at – have it just on carcinoma and hematologic relating piece with Nivolumab and we plan to start very soon a clinical program exploring both monotherapy and the Nivolumab YERVOY combination in the number of additional tumor types, strictly those with higher met needs such as head and neck glioblastoma, colon cancer with high microsatellite instability pancreatic gastric, small cell lung triple makes the breadth. A whole combination of studies, which I think will inform us about where we will see both from monotherapy and combination, where we go next. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Jamie. Catherine, next question please.
Operator: Andrew Baum with Citi. Please go ahead.
Andrew Baum – Citi: Hi, three questions if I could. You have on your bottom line data you presented ASCO was remarkable with much return and safety and efficacy. And should we expect within the non-small cell combination cohort in the safety, you’re going to present at slightly less picture in term of safety given, some of these patients presumably have latest therapy just thinking of the combination impact on [efavirenz]. Second there is a lot of excitement about LAG3 as a target you will identify that with a new portfolio one of high interest, you have meant today. Is there any problem here with anti-therapeutic, antibody to explain delay? And then finally if you could comment on the fourth coming ruling from election in relation to the ONGLYZA/KOMBIGLYZE what are your expectations there with regards pricing for both things? Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti: So Andrew, let me start with the non-small cell lung combination. As I just mentioned, we are ongoing with 1b study. We’re obviously looking carefully at safety and efficacy and we will have structure in-house towards the end of the year beginning next year. Obviously, we’re also looking at monotherapy and so we got a couple of options here, because those are in Phase III. As far as LAG3 is concerned, as you say we are very excited about LAG3. There is no particular delay with due to go in to the clinic before the end of the year. And of course the exciting about this is an area of interest around exhausted T-cells, which of course is NUEVO, YERVOY, and of course LAG3 is doing very well. So with no delay, we’re very excited to get in.
Andrew Baum – Citi: Okay, I got we are more from excitement of science still the reality of Germany?
Béatrice Cazala: Okay. So from everybody just to remind you quickly what the process is in Germany now. We have a process for (inaudible) which is three step process (inaudible) your product. They come up with rolling. This rolling is not binding and advised to the GBU which is signaled because of looking at this product. They come up with rolling there and then they start to a negotiation with them. So it is a lengthy process going over a period of time, which usually last about a year so, at this stage you will such company going slow and assessment before actually it was KOMBIGLYZE and KOMBIGLYZE what I have said to equate and soon our assessment which will be it. Those two first step has been completed for KOMBIGLYZE and actually there was a different in the ruling between the equate which give us more stability and GBA which come from the things that was additional benefit. So now we will answering the negotiation from KOMBIGLYZE and we cannot comment further on this past. I think now to the over world class of (inaudible) for the evaluation so we quick first and then residue so that GBA asset going to start, what we have in our hand is a ruling a few weeks ago ruling of equates ongoing and it include ONGLYZA-1 not the KOMBIGLYZE. So we are now expecting to see the GBA ruling and then we will go into the formulation. So it will be pre-mature now to discuss obviously we will come out of that, what we know however is that there is a chance to be able our views of benefit of those assets and the importance of those DPT-IV in the treatment of diabetes with very good efficacy and safety. So we see up anything and we are looking forward to continue the discussion with the GBA in this front.
Francis Cuss: Thanks Andrew, Catharine can you go to the next question please?
Operator: Yes sir, Tim Anderson with Sanford Bernstein, please go ahead.
Tim Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you couple of questions, YERVOY can you talk about your level of enthusiasm for the upcoming Phase III prostate cancer data that starts around the corner. And can you talk about the commercial opportunities for that litigation in terms of how the trial was designed in often terms of the current competitive landscape? And then on PD-1, I know you guys are pushing into likely pushing the additional combination trials with PD-1 in YERVOY, but how much do you outside of Pfizer and folks internally think that the initial combo data in melanoma portals that you will have success in other tumor types with base on what you know about things like tumor biology?
Béatrice Cazala: So just let me start Tim with the YERVOY, as you know lifecycle management program with YERVOY, there are two prostate cancer studies ongoing, one which as you say we will be presenting later in the year is more advanced cancer, I think we are modestly enthusiastic about that in the sense which is a very heavily treated group. We have another ongoing study which will be in earlier lines which we believe when we have those results we will take the two together and have an idea of the value there. Just talking about PD-1 for a moment, I think there are two ways to look at the combination trial, obviously in advanced melanoma the results are pretty extraordinary clearly that does provide some evidence to the opportunity for increased response rate, but the other way to look at this might be that in certain tumors where traditionally immunotherapy hasn’t had any effect, the combination might actually have some effects, particularly in those where there is lots of unmet needs. We’re being encouraged to look very broadly to signal detection work and they go on from there. So we’re hopeful, but we have yet to get lot of the data, but we will do over the next 12 months.
Lamberto Andreotti:  And Tim, I think we have discussed the commercial aspects of YERVOY close that once we have at both trials and we have analyzed that.
Tim Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein:  Thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Thank you, Tim. Catherine, can we go to next question please?
Operator: Yes, sir. Seamus Fernandez from Leerink has our next question. Please go ahead.
Seamus Fernandez – Leerink Swann, LLC:  Oh great. Thanks very much. Just a few questions on dapagliflozin and then also first off on dapagliflozin. Can you talk a little bit about the reasons for an advisory committee specifically, you mentioned that likely was going to be discussed and can you give us a little bit of a flavor of what has been changed or improved meaningfully with the new filing versus some of the questions that had been raised by FDA historically? And then secondly, as we think about the investments that you’re talking about both behind the primary care franchises and also the investment behind the immuno-oncology portfolio, obviously this is going to be likely pretty costly, you hopefully will also have a launch of dapagliflozin next year. How should we be thinking about your ability to kind of manage the cost structure relative to the longer-term opportunity? Thanks a lot.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Hi, Seamus, thank you. The DAP data, we are submitting significantly enhances the information we provided in our first submission. And in addition to many of the questions raised by the FDA is part of the, I should say all the questions raised by the FDA is part of that complete response letter. Part of the reason for the outcome is that the original outcome as you recall that was a vote not to approve. So the FDA felt it was important to come back and present our broader portfolio of information now and for the advisory committee to apply as part as recent initiatives say we will have a couple of studies on CV risk which are now two years in, those are in patients with a history of CV disease who are diabetic and two new studies which weren’t in original (Inaudible) specifically studying blood pressure and glycemic control in diabetic patients. As you heard earlier we now have PDUFA date of early January, we’re preparing for the advisory committee with a hope of getting approval then.
Lamberto Andreotti:  So about investments Charlie will give you today first of all it is a great problem to have because when you have multiple assets behind which you can invest that means that you have a good portfolio and I feel very good about it having said that yes we have a lot of investment that are needed to support that pipeline and that portfolio. Excuse me if you think about 2015 when we were looking at we are preparing for the revision of the guidance we obviously look at expenses and when we are facing the service recall and the foreign exchange we can see that whoever we had to cut expenses significantly and we decided not to go beyond looking politicians is because we believe we need to support the portfolio, the launches and the pipeline we have, Charlie.
Charles Bancroft:  Yeah, thanks Lamberto. I would just say as a general premise given our legacy and heritage of productivity we will continue to drive efficiencies throughout our P&L as part of our everyday business. But having said that we need to balance the short-term and long-term as we build a solid foundation for sustained long-term growth and as Lamberto mentioned, we have a lot of very unique opportunities in front of us. Let me frame it by saying, if I look at the portfolio, we are taking out almost all ABILIFY expenses as I think about 2013, as we transferred most commercial responsibilities to Otsuka. And we’ve also optimized our matured brands and in-line brands, although we continue to look for efficiencies there. So moving forward, when we think about ELIQUIS in the continued rollout of launches, the annualization of DTC spend in the U.S., obviously there’ll be more spend going forward. And same thing with diabetes as we brought up another sales force and potentially launching Forxiga in the U.S. and we’re also rolling out Forxiga launches globally, you would see incremental expenses there, as well. And there’s been some questions already on IO, that’s a unique and compelling opportunity for Bristol-Myers Squibb, so moving forward from 2013 that will be an area of focus. And then lastly in Hepatitis C, we do have a unique and significant opportunity in Japan. And sort of one-offs in different countries as the portfolio evolved that we will see incremental expenses as we think about our Hepatitis C program as well.
Francis Cuss:
. :
Operator: Yes sir. David Risinger with Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
David Risinger – Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much. I have three questions please. The first is, could you just provide a little bit more clarity on whether there’s going to be any public disclosures of any incremental PD-1 data in any cancer later this year or whether we need to wait until early 2014, second with respect to YERVOY and prostate cancer given the scientific communities interest in immuno-oncology I'm surprised that you are not going to be disclosing the YERVOY data the Phase III trial results I think that they are completing on clinicaltrials.gov its indicated for completion in September. So could you provide some more color on that, I know that the first line monotherapy study has a completion data in January of 2016. So just wondering if you know we need to wait a couple years for the prostate data disclosure. And then finally I was hoping that you could review the Hep C opportunity in Japan and the timing for launch. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Well, Francis you start.
Francis Cuss: David thank you. So let me be very clear, there won’t be any public disclosures during this year, obviously the third line lung data if it’s good after discussion with the regulators we would certainly disclose that should we be making a filing. As far as YERVOY prostate cancer is concerned we will be providing that data at ESMO later this year and my point really earlier on was that when we look at prostate we will be looking at the whole prostate area together with the early line study that you commented about which will be viable on 2016.Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti: Sorry, if you want to Ann will.
Ann Powell Judge: Yeah, as I mentioned earlier regarding Hep C, we believe that we have a unique and significant opportunity to have the first fall for our regiment in market in Japan with our GT, genotype 1b strategy, and we think that we have 18 months to a two year lead on both Abbott and Gilead had in Japan. So our registration on Phase III study of our NS5A declared as we are in NS3 for now and in intolerant GT or genotype 1b patient is expected to be presented at AASLD November, and we expect the file before the end of this year with approval on sometime in the second half of next year. Just as reminder, we had about 1.2 million to 1.5 million people in Japan infected with Hepatitis C and about 70% of them are genotype 1b.
Francis Cuss:  All right. Thanks, Dave. Can we go to the next question please, Catherine?
Operator:  Yes, sir. Marc Goodman with UBS; please go ahead.
Marc Goodman – UBS: Yes, couple of questions. First, Lamberto, in the past you’ve actually said that you bought that R&D spend would be relatively flat for the next couple of years. So I was curious if that has changed and as part of the previous couple of questions about spending if there will be increased spending in R&D, and we should expect that relative to what you are spending this year, because of the immunotherapy? Second question is that guidance changed on sales, I was curious whether the ELIQUIS ramp slower than expected, if that also baked into your lower guidance sales or is that basically doing what you thought it was going to be doing? And then in diabetes, can you update us just on the reimbursement that the payer issue pricing, what’s happening? Are you on formularies, is it that the issue or is it a marketing issue, and just curious, your thoughts on that? Thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti: I would start to it comments on the R&D. The R&D expense it is a very important subject and we have still discussing this subject within our Company it is clear that the opportunity associated for us and for the patients associated with immuno-oncology are increasing and therefore Francis and Charlie and I together with our teams are looking at level of investments that which we require as Charlie mentioned we also have other investments that involve R&D, and then our commercial organizations we are looking at in defining the budget for next year. I think I can could clarify on ELIQUIS, the sales for this quarter were below what we were expecting. But today then and is there something that’s you were still at the launch stage and so these guidance is are related to the performance of ELIQUIS we seen.
Charles Bancroft:  I would just add to that Mark is that when we look at guidance and as we projected it we take our product trend into account. The bigger issues as I mentioned were FERVEX and the total year impact as we see it for FERVEX is going to be over $80 million FERVEX and the other two products and then FX as I mentioned had a $180 million impact. So they were the larger ones that we take into account all product, all product trends. 
Lamberto Andreotti:  Giovanni, would you want to answer the question on diabetes?
Giovanni Cafori:  Yes, it’s Giovanni. So to answer your question the comments made before was specifically related to coverage with Caremark we lost the coverage at the end of last year and that had a meaningful impact on our ONGLYZA sales coming into this year, we've seen that impact primarily in Q1 at the beginning of Q2 we believe that impact that has now stabilized, beyond that plan, we continue to have good access with ONGLYZA and KOMBIGLYZE across the majority of the market. And on the other side of exenatide our preferred access in both commercial and Medicare for BYDUREON has actually been proving following the launch and steadily improving this year as well. So although diabetes clearly from a pricing and rebates perspective, it’s an increasingly competitive area, over all the access to our portfolio is quiet good. The Caremark issue was a very significant issue, it was one issue that impacted as in 2013 for (inaudible).
Francis Cuss: Great thanks Mark. Can we have the next question please Catherine?
Operator: Yes sir. Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group please go ahead.
Mark Schoenebaum – ISI Group: Hi guys thanks a lot for taking the question, I appreciate it. My first one is on ELIQUIS. Is it that the message, the data message on the superiority isn’t being disseminated properly or is that you’re seeing resistance to acceptance of that message? And then on NEVO if I may, you’ve been pretty clear about the filing – the potentially filing timeline in (inaudible), at least in my mind I’m really confused about the potential filing timeline in melanoma. I was wondering if you could – as a monotherapy. I was wondering if you could, are you willing to clarify that at all. And then just finally, obviously, there’s been a lot press reports around M&A activity in the space not including Bristol, but I just think it might be a good time to get your updated thoughts on use of capital and the size of the deal that you might consider theoretically. Thank you very much.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Let me talk to the use of capital and then I will ask Giovanni and Francis to answer your questions, and I think we’ve sent PD-1 respectively. Our use of capital priorities have not changed and they include business development, they include a mark investment in business development. So we continue to look at opportunities outside that assessment assess that financial volume of those opportunities as well as it fit with our portfolio and pipeline. So we continue to be constantly looking about way that is financially clever and disciplined. Giovanni do you want to talk about ELIQUIS?
Giovanni Caforio:  Yes. So the message is actually resonating quite well and when you look at the messages that are recalled by physicians, the first three messages that are recalled in very high percentages are stock reduction, the bleeding data and the mortality data. Obviously, the dataset is one of the most comprehensive datasets that exist and we’ve seen that physicians that are exposed to a medical education program and have the opportunity to learn about the profile typically become believers and styles and that’s the reason why we are strengthening the investment in medical education programs and appear to be events in the second part of the year, because when physicians are exposed to the full dataset, it actually resonates quite well.
Francis Cuss: Great, thanks Mark. Next question please. Go ahead sorry.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yeah, Mark, just to say, I’m not going to comment specifically on the timing, but what I will say is we are encouraged about the progress of the three trials we had ongoing in melanoma, two of them with – monotherapy and one with the combination. Interim analysis are embedded in all these trials we have overall responses, one with primary endpoints. And certainly there is the – we’re looking at other ways to accelerate as well. So we’re enthusiastic about the Phase III program give there is a lot of option. Thank you.
Charles Bancroft:  Sorry, Francis and thank you Mark for those questions. Can we go the next question please Catherine?
Operator: Yes sir, Steve Scala with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Steve Scala – Cowen and Company:  Thank you, I have two questions. You have already given a very through assessment of ELIQUIS, but on the Q1 call the company said that ELIQUIS was on track and the access was ahead of plan. So I'm wondering what is change then the last three months for instant have competitors reacted in unexpected ways for instant. Second maybe assume that if there were any pancreatic findings and saver that would have been told that already. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Sure, Giovanni I can comment, first of all Steve that was a good question on ELIQUIS and Giovanni can give you a good answer. And then you will talk about bigger.
Giovanni Caforio: Yeah Steve this is Giovanni. I guess going back to what we said at the beginning we had very good success with access from early on and continue to have over 80% of life’s covered under commercial space and over 75% of life’s covered in America space. My comment was there covered life’s had the beginning as always primarily non-preferred status, we are currently working and completing contract negotiations to increase the percentage of life’s that are in the preferred status and that’s normal. With respect to performance our update in cardiology has been quite good it has been quite good at the beginning, the last few weeks have been more I would say flat than the first part of the uptick curve, part of that was leading to a number of weeks where they were short weeks because of vacation in the U.S. but the uptake in cardiology continues to be good and what we want to see in the second part of the year is that uptake to accelerate and to broaden in some segments of primary care and we haven't seen that yet.
Charles Bancroft:  Just not going to comment anymore about save the results but of course as you know they will be presented on Labor Day at the ESC. I think many of us were very encouraged by the recent meeting at the NIH where for two days this item was discussed and I think not many people (inaudible) that we have that there really wasn't any indication that either GLP-1 based therapy more – were associated with the risk of pancreatic carcinoma, thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Thanks Steve, Catherine I think we only have time for two more questions.
Operator:  Thank you. Chris Schott with JPMorgan, please go ahead.
Christopher Schott – JPMorgan:  Great, thanks very much. Just a couple here, one just a quick one following up on ELIQUIS I guess you mentioned the potential for a broader uptick in PCP as we go later this year. In that setting how much of a hurdle do you think the breadth of your current label in light of [DPP] is in terms of a uptick relative to Xarelto in that setting. Second question following upon business development it's not a bias more towards in-market products versus pipeline at this stage (inaudible) very significant assets to invest in with the immunotherapy platform. Does that lend itself towards looking more at in-market products that could maybe provide more near-term operating profits through invest back into that internal pipeline and then finally DPP-4 is just more broadly category growth has slowed a bit here just what's your expectation going forward is that something you think this is a kind of a norms, can we reaccelerate growth in the category, just give any comments you might have on the broader category? Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Giovanni, you will take ELIQUIS and DBP force on business development group. Now I think that if I would tell our idea has now changed. So we continue to look at a full range of opportunities that goes from in market products to early stage on the assets. And it is clear that even though we have an interesting portfolio of our all interesting pipeline ourselves. We must be very careful on not loosing opportunities outside there to integrate our pipeline without assets that come from the outside. So yes, there is continuing activity to identify early, also early assets that can make our presence in our DBP areas stronger. Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, so to answer this on early question primary care. The biggest hurdle in primary care has really been so far the intention of warfarin. If you compare primary care, in cardiology about two-thirds of new patients today at over discussed on a new agent in primary care, two-thirds patients are still started of warfarin and there clearly a differentiated profile like the profile of ELIQUIS has the potential to accelerate over time that transition. We don’t see the breathe of indications as a major factor there, but of course as you know we are working to broaden our indication set as well. And then on DBP force, a lot of the acceleration that we saw last year for DBP forces in U.S. was really related to the very rapid erosion of the [PZDs] the slowdown this year has really been related primarily to that process endings. But we continue to see opportunity for growth of DBP-4s clearly the very accelerated growth of last year was linked to a number of factors including the erosion of TCDs.
Lamberto Andreotti: Okay. Thank you, Chris. And Catherine, can we go to our last question please?
Operator:  Yes, sir. And our final question comes from Tony Butler with Barclays Capital.
Tony Butler – Barclays Capital: Thank you very much for taking the question. Lamberto, I believe you made reference to increasing resources around the entire diabetes franchise with Astra and I wanted to understand that a little more fully. Is Astra fully engaged with the amount of resources that the joint venture wish to just spend in that category and importantly have they already been engaged with BYDUREON because I think your comment was toward BYDUREON specifically? Thanks a lot.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Tony, in fact Astra has been very engaged and we have discussions with AstraZeneca at all levels including discussion between Pascal Soriot and myself about how to improve our presence in diabetes. It is not necessary through that we have only invested or decided to invest more behind BYDUREON, the U.S. we are adding an additional sales force, but it’s mostly focused on. So its entire portfolio that we are supporting and again Astra is engaged and we are engaged equally and we continue to work together to optimize the individual asset and the entire portfolio.
Tony Butler – Barclays Capital:  Thank you, Lamberto.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, Tony. And with this thank you. We as I said, we just complete and have a very important quarter for Bristol-Myers Squibb, a quarter that is characterized by the balanced execution between commercial sales and clinical R&D advances. A quarter there is progress on driving near-term results and making long-term investments. Thank you very much everybody.
Francis Cuss: Catherine. That concludes the call, I appreciate everybody taking the time to join us and have a great rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. And again ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you all again for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs Charlie Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer Elliott Sigal - Chief Scientific Officer Francis Cuss - Incoming Chief Scientific Officer Giovanni Caforio - President, U.S. Business Beatrice Cazala - Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations 
Analysts:  Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Tim Anderson - Sanford Bernstein Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Chris Schott – JPMorgan Gregg Gilbert - Bank of America Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group David Risinger - Morgan Stanley Marc Goodman - UBS Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets  
Operator: Good day and welcome to today’s First Quarter Earnings 2013 Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker. 
John Elicker: Thank you, Kayla, and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us to review our first quarter results. Unfortunately, Lamberto Andreotti, our CEO is not able to join us this morning. He is attending to an urgent family health matter. With me this morning are Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Charlie will have prepared remarks. And then joining him for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Francis Cuss, our Incoming Chief Scientific Officer; Giovanni Caforio, President of the U.S. Business, and Beatrice Cazala, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations. So, before we get started, let me just take care of some of the legal requirements. During the call, we will make statements about the company’s future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company’s SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Charlie? 
Charlie Bancroft: Thank you, John and good morning everyone. We have just completed a good start to an important year, one in which our focus is on commercial execution as well as the continued delivery of our diverse and sustainable pipeline. Before going into a deeper dive on our financial performance, I would like to highlight three important areas: ELIQUIS, diabetes, and R&D. We are off to a very good start with ELIQUIS. ELIQUIS’ differentiated clinical profile is being recognized and valued by physicians, payors, and patients. In the U.S., we are on track with our expectation. Trends are consistent with where we thought they would be. And access is actually a little ahead of expectations. We expect to see continued progress in the second quarter with commercial Medicare Part D and hospital plan. We are expecting impact of this will start to be reflected in the prescription trends over the course of this year. Outside the U.S., we are in the early stages but we have made progress on the access front in Europe with a positive recommendation from the UK and a positive guidance from Germany. In other markets, the process is ongoing with multiple negotiations taking place.  With our partner, Pfizer, we are very focused on executing the global launch of ELIQUIS with its AFIB indication. We continue to believe that ELIQUIS will be the leading new agent over time.  With respect to our diabetes portfolio, we continue to make good progress in this area as well. In the U.S. we are fully aligned with AstraZeneca having finalized our sales and marketing teams. The combined organization is now focused solely on serving the needs of diabetes patients. We completed the international commercial integration of Amylin on April 1st in nearly 90 markets, a complex process that impacted all aspects of our business. This is a significant accomplishment for the BMS-AZ alliance. With the integration work nearly done, we can now redouble our efforts in diabetes to ensure we are focused and able to capitalize on the opportunities we have including plans to file FORXIGA for regulatory review in U.S. in the middle of the year.  With respect to R&D 2013 is another important year for the presentation of key clinical data that will lay the foundation for our company’s future growth. We have planned to present new PD-1 data at ASCO. PD-1 has received fast track status from the FDA for lung, renal cell and melanoma. The top-line results for SAVOR our CV outcomes trial for Onglyza should be available in June. In Hep C you may have seen the important data on our triple regimen presented at EASL this week and we expect to initiate Phase III in a fixed dose combination by the end of the year. As mentioned in our press release this morning we have received breakthrough status from the FDA for this program. Also by the end of the year we plan to apply our all dual oral regimen for regulatory review in Japan.  Now let me discuss our first quarter financial performance. We deliver net sales of 3.8 billion down 27% compared to the first quarter of last year due to the loss of exclusivity of PLAVIX and AVAPRO. We will continue to see the impact of these exclusivity losses on our financial results for one more quarter. Excluding PLAVIX and AVAPRO global sales grew 10% led by YERVOY, ORENCIA, our diabetes portfolio, Baraclude and SPRYCEL. I will touch on some key product highlights. YERVOY global sales increased 49% to 229 million. This includes the positive impact from a 25 million, one time reversal of deferred revenues in the U.S. You will recall that we establish this sales deferral in the third quarter of 2011. Excluding this adjustment for YERVOY U.S. sales increased 15% versus last year. We are seeing good growth across all segments including community hospitals and practices as physicians increasingly understand the potential for long term survival. We expect continued growth in both the U.S. and Europe where we now have reimbursement in essentially all markets. ORENCIA global sales increased 26% to 320 million. ORENCIA continues to perform well globally with growing demand in the U.S. and Europe as we expand access, reimbursement and promotion for the SubQ formulation. U.S. sales increased 25% compared to last year driven by strong demand for SubQ which recorded sales of $70 million in the quarter. Several months into the SubQ launch in Europe we are seeing strong uptake in Germany and the rest of Northern Europe and we continue to secure access and reimbursement in other parts of Europe. ORENCIA also continues to perform well in Japan, up 31% versus last year and we’re waiting for regulatory decision on SubQ. In diabetes global sales for the ONGLYZA franchise increased 25% to 202 million. Although ONGLYZA’s new prescription trends in the U.S. flattened somewhat this past quarter we saw strong volume growth for the ONGLYZA franchise versus the prior year. U.S. sales for our exenatide franchise were 136 million.  BYDUREON sales volume and market share continued to grow during the quarter fueled primarily by primary care physicians as we broaden BYDUREON’s prescriber base. For BYETTA we are focused on opportunities to combine the short acting insulin.  We launched FORXIGA in Germany, the UK and Denmark during the quarter and as I mentioned we hope to file for U.S. regulatory approval by mid-year. SPRYCEL global sales increased 24% to 287 million. In a very competitive market SPRYCEL continues to gain market share particularly in the first-line setting. Also included in our total sales figure is a positive $36 million impact from prior year Medicaid accrual adjustment. Now let me highlight a few items from the rest of our P&L. I will focus my remarks on our non-GAAP results, as John mentioned reconciliations to our GAAP results are available on our press release and our website. Gross margin was 74.5% during the quarter down 70 basis points compared to the same period last year. This decrease is primarily due to the change in terms for ABILIFY and product mix particularly the Exenatide franchise. R&D expense was 930 million which is up 9% compared to last year, the increasing spend was largely due to the Amylin acquisition and increased portfolio spend including PD-1 and Hep C. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 11% during the quarter, this is lower than our full year guidance largely due to booking the entire 2012 R&D tax credit in the quarter. Moving to guidance, we are confirming our full year 2013 GAAP and non-GAAP EPS guidance range. In addition, our line item guidance remains unchanged. Our guidance assumes current exchange rates. As you know, foreign currencies have weakened against the dollar since we originally gave 2013 guidance in January, particularly the yen. While we saw no net impact from exchange in the first quarter compared to last year at current rates, we would expect to see some pressure through the remainder of the year. So, taken together, this is an important time for Bristol-Myers Squibb. We are in full transition to portfolio of the future, a transition that is moving forward on two parallel tracks executing our near-term commercial opportunities, and at the same time, developing a pipeline to deliver long-term sustainable growth. Before we turn it over to your questions, I want to take a moment to offer my personal congratulations to Elliot in wishing well in his retirement. I have had the privilege of working with Elliot for a long time and truly value his many contributions to our company. I would also like to congratulate Francis on his appointment to Chief Scientific Officer. Francis and I have also worked together for quite some time. Francis is a respected leader with broad experience in both research and development. I look forward to continued collaboration with Francis to help our company delivering innovative and diversified line of medicines. At this time, we would be happy to answer your questions. 
John Elicker: Thanks. Kayla, I think we are ready to go to questions. And I will just remind everybody. In addition to Charlie, we have Elliot and Francis on the R&D side as well as Giovanni and Beatrice here to answer any commercial questions that we might have. Kayla? 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first question from Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs. 
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs: This is for Elliot and Francis. Can you comment on your PD-1 program in the context of Fast Track status versus Breakthrough designation, there seems to be some confusion in the marketplace? And then to that end, you did receive Breakthrough status for your Triple DAA Hep C therapy, which is interesting, because I know that Gilead didn’t receive breakthrough status. So, what do you think this all means? And then secondarily we did see some early data on Roche’s PD-L1, just interested in your take and how you see that comparing to your PD-1? Thanks. 
Elliott Sigal: Thank you, Jami. This is Elliot, I will start and Francis will chime in. I agree that people are trying to figure out the exact implications of the new designation of Breakthrough therapy. It’s a new tool that we all welcome for the FDA. Its implications are going to evolve, and it’s added to a host of other existing tools. My impression is that it is an opportunity for early programs to receive regular interaction with the FDA and to gain input on the development of the registrational program. So, to that end, we certainly welcome the breakthrough designation on our triple regimen in hepatitis C. This is a Phase 2 program. I can only speculate that the FDA was attracted to this, because it is a non-new phase regimen. It has no ribavirin potentially and has no ritonavir, but again the implications are not clear. The FDA oncology division has historically identified programs and used all the tools, including Fast Track and other tools to their advantage to advance programs that can benefit patients in the areas of unmet need. Fast Track is what we took advantage of in three tumor types. And over the last year or so, we have had in my opinion very high quality frequent interactions, great input, and have moved from a standing start as I call it from a Phase 1 into 6 registrational trials, including five randomized Phase 3 programs. So, I am very pleased with where we are. I acknowledge that the field is competitive and we were attracted to this field back in 2004 and have been developing the science that is leading the way, but it is a competitive field. Our program is broad, comprehensive in multiple tumor types and has multiple opportunities for acceleration and early approvals. Francis would you like to add to that? 
Francis Cuss: I’m certainly very excited moving to the HCV program for the recent data that is presented at EASL. As you’re well aware this is a non-interferon non-riba, non-ritonavir triple, and we showed very impressive efficacy data and well tolerated regimen, and I think we have had numerous and very good interactions with the FDA and I think it reflects the potential importance they see in this regimen within its profile. We also have the advantage here of being able to move quickly. We have accelerated the Phase III into the fourth quarter this year and I’m confident we will have a fixed dose combination to take into Phase III which will be presumably a simple one tablet twice a day regimen for 12 weeks.  Just moving to PD-1, PDL-1 as you know we published in New England Journal last year, our experience both with PD-1 and PDL-1 we have the advantage of being the only company that’s been able to look at both of these regimens and based on the data we saw both efficacy and safety we are moving forward with PD-1 with an opportunity to accelerate that forward.  I think it's important to note that we also talked about biomarkers in those publications and we will be looking at biomarkers but we have left ourselves open with the option of a program that doesn’t necessarily rely on a biomarker the data that would support it. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Tim Anderson with Sanford Bernstein. 
Tim Anderson - Sanford Bernstein: Again on PD-1, my understanding is that you can get both Fast Track and Breakthrough and my question is did you ask for Breakthrough designation and is that request still pending or have you been denied? I don’t think it really means that much but it is a little bit unusual that Merck got that designation because your compound is the one that’s been in press lot.  Then a question on dosing in Phase III if I understand the dosing right it’s 3 mg/kg. I think in Phase II you went all the way to 10 mg/kg. Is there a dose limiting toxicity with the drug and if so what is it or maybe asked differently, are there any dose dependent side effects with the product? And then just your comment about L1 versus 1, are you saying that you saw worse safety with your PDL-1? 
Elliott Sigal: I will deal with different classifications that you talked about and Francis will address the fact that we’re selecting a dose. With regard to the dose side-effects the choice of PD-1 versus PDL-1 and the different ligands. It is true that these different designations of including Fast Track and Breakthrough are not mutually exclusive and I think however the way I’m viewing this I’m very pleased with the interactions we have had when our program was at an earlier stage and now has a well-designed broad set of possibilities for indications early approval acceleration. These designations don’t convey any guarantee for downstream action like early approval or priority review et cetera but our program is designed to take advantage of the full array of opportunities here. 
Francis Cuss: Just on the dose of Nivolumab, we obviously tested comprehensively different doses and as always we make an analysis of the best therapeutic index. So our analysis taken together with the dosing regimen came out that three was the optimal dose. As far as PD-LI versus PD-1 is concerned, you can certainly read the data we have presented last year in the New England Journal. I will tell you as an overview we have seen similar toxicities for both PD-1 and PD-L1 of similar degree. So, our analysis was we were somewhat ahead on PD-1. There was a suggestion perhaps of greater efficacy, but of course, it’s very early studies and we were able to accelerate PD-1 forward. Thank you. 
John Elicker: Great, thank you Tim. Can we go to the next question please, Kayla? 
Operator: We will take our next question from Seamus Fernandez with Leerink. 
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink: Thanks. So, I guess, maybe just I have a temporary break from PD-1, but I will get back to it. The ELIQUIS launch, can we talk a little bit about how you guys are thinking about the potential for an acceleration we have seen a really material acceleration in Xarelto scripts, roughly about 12 months into the launch. So, just wondering if again given your statements earlier, if we can anticipate a similar type acceleration?  And then separately on PD-1 just a couple of questions there, can you talk a little bit about the – what could be a potential issue if any with utilizing a modified IgG1. So, again, the immunoglobulin that’s attached to Roche’s PD-L1 versus the choice of an IgG4, there are suggestions that perhaps that, that maybe an important difference although I think there may be some limitations there?  And then lastly have you seen any responses in colorectal cancer with either your PD-1 or PD-L1, it looks like there may be some responses in colorectal cancer with Roche’s drug, and I didn’t know if you saw certain ways or potential ways that open up that very large tumor type with immunotherapy? Thank you. 
Charlie Bancroft: Thanks Jami. This is Charlie. Let me talk a little bit a brief overview on ELIQUIS and then I will pass it over to Giovanni. He can talk more specifically about the U.S. Feedback has been universally positive on ELIQUIS’ clinical profile. And although we are still at the early stages of our launch, we continue to believe ELIQUIS will be the leading new agent in this market over time. We also have some near-term lifecycle plans for ELIQUIS. We plan to file for potential VTE prevention indication with the FDA this summer. And in addition, we expect to present the data from the AMPLIFY study at ISTH and we will potentially file for VTE treatment indication by the end of the year, obviously pending the results of that study? Giovanni? 
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, good morning Seamus. This is Giovanni. Just to follow-up on what Charlie said. As you know, we have been working with Pfizer and promoting ELIQUIS in the U.S. since the beginning of February. And so far although it’s early clearly the launch has been going very well and very much in line with our expectations. We have positive feedback from our customers on the differentiated profile of ELIQUIS. And let me give you a couple of comments about early indicators. When we started our focus on the launch we focused on access, we focused on hospital formulary listing and stocking. That’s important as you know, because over 50% of initiations are in the hospital. And also we started promoting with cardiologists and with a group of early adopter PCPs. From an access perspective, as Charlie mentioned in the introductory remarks, we are doing as well and maybe a bit better than we have planned. Right now, we have coverage in approximately 90% of commercial lives and in approximately 60% of Medicare lives. Importantly, we have covered status with all five top Medicare Part D plans. And with three of those five, we have actually achieved preferred status. So, that is going in line with our plans and obviously we are continuing to work on that. From a hospital perspective, we are continuing to make progress. We had a very large number of P&T committee reviews in April. There are many more planned for the month of May. That is going well and will continue to improve over time. In terms of our promotion to physicians, the efficacy and safety profile of ELIQUIS is really resonating very well. The talk, I may even recall, messages are really around efficacy and safety and the three end points which is different from other agents which are being prescribed primarily because of convenience on the contrary so we see that all of the leading indicators are in line with our expectations. They are very positive and that clearly reinforces belief that Eliquis will become overtime the leading agent in the indication and that clearly would result in growth over the course of the year and into next year. 
Elliott Sigal:
 : 
Francis Cuss: So couple of things to mention, as you know our monoclonal antibody comes from the XenoMouse model developed by (inaudible) and his colleagues at Medarex. So we have a fully human anti-body, it's IgG4, anti-body and the mutation in the hinge region to make a consensus for ICG-1. There has been some suggestion but immunogenicity there is absolutely none in our feature and we have not seen anything in the clinic. I think it's important to also always to look at the (inaudible) of these anti-bodies and us being a fully human anti-body we see very low opportunity nearly in 1000 patients we have treated now. I think as you mentioned Genentech anti-bodies that’s of course the CDR grafted anti-body and I think it's again important to tell a different target on immune-cells and so one should look carefully at the immunogenicity and one measure of data course is what your dose is and we have as we just mentioned the previous question a low dose which reflects that the low immunogenicity sort of itself there. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Schott with JPMorgan. 
Chris Schott – JPMorgan: Just a couple of questions just to shift gears a bit to diabetes. For ONGLYZA it looks like we have seen a little bit of share loss, I guess how are you thinking about that and addressing that share dynamic? Second question on Bydureon. We’re seeing some gradual uptick but given additional resources you put on the product there, are you where you want to be at this point with that launch or relaunch profile and then maybe finally just for me look at the mid-stage pipeline beyond PD-1 would love just to hear in terms of what you’re kind of most excited about with the rest of the portfolio maybe Elliott suppose I guess one of the, the last earnings we had you on so any comments there will be appreciated. Thanks. 
Giovanni Caforio: This is Giovanni let me comment on the diabetes portfolio performance in the U.S. So first going back to the comments made by Charlie at the beginning of the coal, over the last two quarters in the U.S. we have fundamentally transformed our commercial organization, we have integrated the (inaudible) Bristol Myers Squibb teens. We have realigned restructure an increased the sales of our size of our sales organizations and that transition has been completed at the end of the first quarter and we acknowledge that during this period of transition in a very competitive market we have seen some disruption to our commercial effort. Now on Q2 and beyond that transition is behind us, our teams are fully staffed. We have the right level of resourcing and our teams are back in the market promoting the full portfolio products. With respect to ONGLYZA you will remember that ONGLYZA grew very rapidly increase its market share and had very strong performance in 2012. In the first quarter of 2013, we have seen flattening of our TRX share and some loss of our MBRX share, which is really related to the factors I described before, but also to the fact that the DPP-4 market growth slowed down considerably and clearly the competitive pressure in this segment increased. We have seen a flattening of our share in March and April. And I think that is a positive indicator and we are really focused on returning to growth during the remainder of 2013. With respect to BYDUREON, when we started promoting BYDUREON, we had set three objectives for us as we started promoting this franchise. The first one was to improve access for BYDUREON. The second one was to broaden the prescriber base, particularly in primary care. And the third one clearly was to accelerate the development of the dual chamber pen and bring that to market. So, we have made progress in all of those areas. Access for BYDUREON has improved in both commercial and the Medicare space. We have actually grown significantly the prescriber base, particularly in primary care and we are on track to launch the dual chamber pen, which is an important driver of incremental growth at the beginning of 2014. As a result of that, we have seen growth for BYDUREON in terms of TRX as we grew 18% in Q1 versus the last quarter of 2012. We also increased two share points in the market. And as a leading indicator, our MBRX growth has been stronger than that. So, we clearly believe BYDUREON can grow more and faster. And as I said at the beginning, we have the right teams and resources in place to continue to drive that growth. I should also say thinking about the exenatide franchise that we believe there continues to be good opportunities for BYETTA. And as of the beginning of Q2, we have actually increased the resourcing behind promoting BYETTA in combination with short-acting insulin. 
Elliott Sigal: Chris, this is Elliott. As I have said before, I have been privileged to leave this R&D organization through a very important transformation. And my last act has been focused on a very efficient transition. So that the great momentum that you are sensing continues and I believe in Francis Cuss, we have the leader to affect that important transition. And we have a team that supports him that is responsible for how far we have come. So, I am very excited about the timing here, because not only the leadership, but the timing have mainly been coincides with the great deal of momentum and catalyst, not only in the late-stage, but moving from discovery into the mid stage. And Francis has been the leader in charge of that and should comment on some of the exciting things that we both see. 
Francis Cuss: Thanks Elliot. So, we have talked just a moment ago about our excitements around nivolumab, but I think it’s important to realize that we have a immuno-oncology platform and I find it incredibly exciting that we actually have seven immuno-oncology assets now between early and full development. We have got more than the 1000 back in discovery. And we have put together an integrated hypothesis driven kind of combination strategy. You will see the first fruits of that at ASCO when we present some preliminary data on the elotuzumab, nivolumab combination, but as the number of other combination trials ongoing in early clinical research. And we have a translational – global translational immuno-oncology network, where we are partnering with academics around the world to help to develop models and develop clinical data to help us bring forward what we believe will be the flowering of IO, which is in combination therapy, which will allow us to continue providing transformative clinical benefit to patients. Thanks. 
John Elicker: Thanks Chris. Can we go to next one Kayla? 
Operator: We will take our next question from Gregg Gilbert with Bank of America. 
Gregg Gilbert - Bank of America: Thanks. First for Elliott and Francis, I am not sure if you answered whether you asked for breakthrough status or not. My real question though on SGLT2, given your knowledge of GEO program and having seen in Adcom as well as the label approve for another drug in the class. Is it fair to say that there can be some meaningful differentiation among the players in this class and then for Charlie I was curious if you’re considering any deals that are larger than the typical string of pearls kind of deals you have done in the past and what would a larger deal have to bring to the table to be seriously considered. Thanks. 
Elliott Sigal: I will just repeat what we’re saying is that we have breakthrough therapy and HCV, we do not have breakthrough therapy on PD-1 we utilize it to different mechanism that provides, we think the same kind of advantage to get the advance stage we’re at with regard to (inaudible) we believe that it is good for the SGLT2 field to not have not only our first in class molecule approved in Europe and things progressing well there but the U.S. FDA division recognizing the mechanism by the approval of a competitors. We will be submitting mid-year, our submission would be even stronger data on the benefits side and I believe all the questions are safety addressed and I do believe these will be important members of (inaudible) and that we see differentiation. 
Francis Cuss: Let me just quickly talk on business development, we have always said that it's an important component of our balance approach to capital allocation and it has to pass three hurdles. That’s to pass strategically, does it make Bristol-Myers Squibb, it defines hold up and does it make financial sense for us and we said we’re agnostic around the deal size but if you look back retrospectively around our string of pearls you can see the type of deals that we have done. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group. 
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group: Maybe I can ask you something, this has been brought up before but I really love to get just your update and complete thoughts on this and I know we have dialogue I will ask as well but why shouldn’t it be our basis expectation as in investors that the use of your anti-PD-1 anti-body is likely, although certainly not assured but likely to be restricted to patients with PDL-1 expression given the fact that I think there have been zero recessed responses at least in those patients. Thank you very much. 
Francis Cuss: Let me take that one Mark, so it's just not true actually that we haven't seen responses in patients without PDL-1 there may be several reasons to this one maybe we just don’t understand the mechanism well enough. It's true and you can look back at our data last year that was higher response rate at the PDL-1 patients but it wasn’t exclusively so and it's continued to be the case here. One of the particular issues I think with the number is the sampling of the tumors that would be heterogeneous, so you always run the risk of having a key which is apparently negative but other tumors are positive. So, we’re taking the view that we’re doing a very comprehensive Phase III where we will be looking at patients with or without PDL-1, we will collect the data. We will be able to make a submission either based on a biomarker or not on a biomarker but of course our principle is we want to make this medicine, all the medicine available to as many patients as possible. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Steve Scala with Cowen. 
Steve Scala - Cowen: Is Sabre already complete and is the data in-house. I think you said that you will have the data in June but will we get the data in June and is it a full data still expected at ESC. This is a bit confusing because I think clinicaltrials.gov says that the trial ends in July and in the past I don’t recall your prepared remarks highlighting sabre to the extent that you did today. So I find this whole thing very interesting. One another question on Eliquis was there any pipeline still in the sales number. Thank you. 
John Elicke: This is John real quick in terms of whether or not what the disclosure on sabre will be I don’t think it's really we’re ready to comment on that. We will have to work through that once we see the data with AstraZeneca. Elliot, you want to anything else on this? 
Elliott Sigal: Well, Steve always asked me this since the last time I can answer. No, I haven’t seen the data. And we expect to be looking at it sometime in the summer. I am not exactly sure when the events will be completed. Maybe there was confusion, because we can’t say exactly what meeting we will present, be able to present at, but we certainly want to present towards the end of the year. And the meeting that you mentioned would be the likely part. 
Francis Cuss: And on ELIQUIS, Steve, the best again to look at performance is to look at the development of TRX is in the U.S. obviously with the launch of any product in the U.S., there is a distribution to the channel and that was the case with ELIQUIS as well at the beginning. 
Elliott Sigal: Yeah. And Steve, it was approximately $11 million in the U.S. although in Japan we were expecting in the broader sort of GP arena to have a little bit more. 
John Elicke: Thanks Steve. Can we go to the next question please? 
Operator: We will take our next question from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley. 
David Risinger - Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much. So, I have a couple of questions. And first, I wanted to offer my congratulations to Francis, I haven’t had a chance to do that yet, so congrats on your new role, Francis and best of luck to you, Elliott. 
Elliott Sigal: Thank you. 
David Risinger - Morgan Stanley: With respect to the DPP-4s and GLP-1s, can you comment on the upcoming cancer workshop and how you see that and what you think of the FDA’s scrutiny of potential association with cancer risk? And then second with respect to DAPA and I guess this is more of a commercial question, but the way that AstraZeneca characterized the ramp in Germany was that the infection risk associated with DAPA isn’t limiting uptake at all, does that DAPA had ramped in the first 10 weeks in Germany at a rate that was very similar to Januvia’s launch. And so I guess my simple question is do you think that the investment community is overly concerned about infection risk limiting the commercial uptake of (indiscernible)? Thank you. 
Beatrice Cazala: Well, let me answer first about FORXIGA in Germany and actually in Europe, where we are very pleased about what – which are currently seeing. We are off to a very good start in the markets, where we have launched. If we look at Germany specifically, the feedback we get from the physician and from the patient are extremely encouraging. So, what you have from us present in call we concur with. When we talk about the placebo side effects, what we hear from our physician and the patient is that they are manageable. So, we haven’t seen any issues with the uptake linked to the side effect profile. On the contrary, what we are hearing and again it’s very early and I think totally is that the patient and the physician are satisfied with the profile both in term of the A1c reduction, but also with the additional benefit of weight loss and blood pressure. And actually, the weight loss we hear is that it happened. It’s a fast onset. So, within the first month, the patients are coming back and making comments to their physician. So, very strong first customer experience, which we understand is the base for the relatively happy uptake. Now, again, it’s early days, we also note that dermatologists are particularly happy with the mode of action, which is differentiated and a fairly new alternative in addition in monotherapy as well as in combination where we see the source of business as a non-insulin dependent mechanism. 
Francis Cuss: Thank you very much, David and thank you for your best wishes. Let me say a word about this whole area. So, the pancreatitis are causing pancreatic carcinoma. And as you well know ever since the GLP-1s and DPP-4 inhibitors came out, there have been reports to the FDA the patients who developed pancreatitis while treating with these patients, of course these patients are at risk anyway of pancreatitis. And of course all the agents that are both GLP-1 and DPP-4 has actually carried the warnings about pancreatitis, which of course, a reflection of these reports. Now, I think it’s always important to say these reports are regarded as hypothesis generating, because the way they are collected and they are not hypothesis confirming and I must say we have no evidence from either our non-clinical or our clinical sources as to cause a relationship between the treatment with these medicines and pancreatitis and of course it's done exhaustive and oncology using the standard techniques and we see nothing either with (inaudible). In particular there is no increase of pancreatitis observed in randomized clinical trial and a number of observation studies in healthcare day’s basis have also demonstrated no effect. So taken together based on all of this we have partnered (inaudible) of course are very confident of the positive risk benefit profile of the drug and I think we’re interested to hear what the science when it reviews because we know that other sponsors of these medicines have the same results that we have that we can find no cause or link. So we’re looking forward to that scientific discussion just to comment on pancreatic carcinoma, it's very similar that we find no link either in our animal studies and of course we have done carcinogenicity studies in rodents for two years we see nothing there or in the clinical studies. And I will comment a recent paper which of course stirred up some discussion on this from (inaudible) colleague. We find this actually quite difficult to interrupt and though significant limitations around their both their link with the animal studies and of course the way their views there patient group. So, we are going to be presenting some data I believe at this FDA meeting and say we look forward to seeing the science review. Thanks very much. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Marc Goodman with UBS. 
Marc Goodman - UBS :
 : 
Elliott Sigal: Regard to the doughnut hole, I mean the doughnut hole it's a reflection of the portfolio it depends on the products and which ones are taking like Medicare patients. So we haven’t really seen anything different from our original plan. So I can’t comment on beyond that, in regard to the Medicaid reversal of the 36 million that relates to as states continue to provide us with the billing we review that vis a vis our accruals and assumptions that we made when we originally established and so it's just basically a throw up of some of our year accruals. 
Giovanni Caforio: Let me make a couple of comments, first on the performance of our ORENCIA, we had very strong performance of ORENCIA in the U.S. Q1 with significant growth of 25% of over prior year that was driven by the successful launch of SubQ which generally did significant growth in 2012. It's early to fully assess the impact of the launch of (inaudible). We have seen some increase in share primarily in the switch market which has had a sort of an impact on all players in the subcutaneous market but the impact on us specifically has been very modest and we’re very pleased that we have become the third most prescribed SubQ agent in the U.S. market. With respect to your comment on the growth or DPP-4 slowing down the main attribute – a number of different factors impacting that. As a reminder, the only comment I would make is part of the accelerated growth that we had still in 2012 was linked to the significant decrease in the TGD market with the entry of generics in that area. So, there has been a transition of prescription from one class to the other. The growth has slowed down, but it continues to be healthy. 
John Elicke: Thanks Mark. Kayla, I think we have time for two more questions. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Andrew Balm with Citi. 
John Elicke: Andrew? 
Operator: Andrew Balm, your line is open. 
John Elicke: Okay. We can move on Kayla? 
Operator: We will take our last question from Alex Arfaei with BMO Capital Markets. 
Alex Arfaei - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. Following up on your comments regarding the growth of BYDUREON and the SGLT2s, I was wondering how you see this market evolving specifically, do you see the SGLT2 is being used ahead of the GLP1s on par with DPP-4s. If you could talk about how you plan to position your diabetes products? And a follow-up if I may, my understanding is that you have closed the Amlin side in San Diego and there have been significant headcount reductions regarding the revised agreement for ABILIFY? Are there any major opportunities for cost savings as the ELIQUIS launch ramps up? Thank you.
John Elicke: Yeah, let me just comment on Amlin. So, when we initially purchased Amlin we assumed in the deal terms in our guidance that we gave that there would be certain synergies related to that acquisition. So, the San Diego, the overall cost opportunity was already sort of recollected in the guidance that we have provided. 
Beatrice Cazala: So, you were asking the question about how to think about SGLT2 and GLP-1, I think we – what we are looking at the global market and then we then to comment about the U.S. is that depending also on the final labels and the access obtained by those class of products, we may end up having very different (indiscernible). So, that’s what we want. However, from the scientific standpoint, we clearly believe that with the GLP-1 provide a good opportunity for patient that have a need of a product that will combine the benefit of A1c as well as benefit on blood pressure and weight loss. So, clearly in that space of the physician and patient that will agree on an old treatment of the long-term GLP-1. Now, when you look at the benefit of the GLP-1 especially when it can be used on weekly basis and potentially later on a monthly basis that creates a very different set of opportunities. And when we look at behaviors of patient, you will find clearly a space prior to insulin, but you also find the space in the number of patient that do not want treatment every day. So, there are different patient profiles. We are saying that we will be able having the chance of the broad portfolio to combine the optimal benefits of the company and for the patient adding the possibility to play in those two arenas. 
Elliott Sigal: Yeah, just to add something on GLP-1s in the U.S. market, we see significant opportunity for continued growth of GLP-1s. They are currently prescribed to less than 10% of diabetes patients in the U.S. and they have been prescribed at the beginning primarily by endocrinologist. In fact, the prescribers’ base at this point is much more narrower than you see with classes like DPP-4s. The class is growing very rapidly we believe that will continue, because with the availability of BYDUREON as a weekly agent, the good efficacy and the very good tolerability profile of BYDUREON, there clearly is room for increased penetration in primary care. That’s exactly what we are focusing on and that is what we are beginning to see happen. So, we see continued potential for growth with GLP-1s. 
John Elicke: Great, thanks very much Alex. I think that’s all the time we have. I appreciate everybody’s joining us for the call this morning. And before we close I would like to turn it back to Charlie for any closing comments. 
Charlie Bancroft: Thanks John. And thanks everyone for your questions. Again, our first quarter was a good start to an important year, one in which our focus is on commercial execution and delivery of our diversified pipeline. Thank you very much. 
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-24 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  John Elicker – Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations Lamberto Andreotti – Chief Executive Officer Charles Bancroft – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Giovanni Caforio – President-U.S. Pharmaceuticals Béatrice Cazala – Executive Vice President-Commercial Operations Elliott Sigal – Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer and President-R&D
Analysts:  Gregory B. Gilbert – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jami Rubin – Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Mark Schoenebaum – ISI Group Tim Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC. Alison Yang – Barclays Capital Catherine Arnold – Credit Suisse David R. Risinger – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Seamus Fernandez – Leerink Swann Christopher Schott – JPMorgan Andrew S. Baum – Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Alex Arfaei – BMO Capital Markets  
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs. Please go ahead, sir. 
John E. Elicker: Thank you, Alicia, and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining the call this morning to discuss our Q4 results and 2013 guidance. With me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Both Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks. And then joining us for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Beatrice Cazala, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; and Giovanni Caforio, President of U.S. Pharmaceuticals. Again Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks and then Elliot, Beatrice, and Giovanni will be here for Q&A. Before we get started, I will take care of the legal requirements. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, John. Good morning everyone. Well, we had a strong close to a very important year. In just the last quarter, we grew our in line and new brands by 16% with especially strong performance by ORENCIA, YERVOY, SPRYCEL, ONGLYZA, KOMBIGLYZE, and BARACLUDE.  We made some important clinical advances; most notably with respect to our immuno-oncology and Hepatitis C abscess. And we had several key regulatory successes with the European approval of FORXIGA, and especially important for the company, multiple approval of ELIQUIS, including in the U.S. In fact, these regulatory accomplishments underscored the importance of 2012 as a year of significant transition for Bristol-Myers Squibb, one that brought our portfolio of the future into sharper perspective, and laid the ground work for this year’s focus on our commercial opportunities. ELIQUIS was the big story of the quarter by gaining back-to-back approvals in Europe, Canada, Japan, the U.S. and South Korea. This differentiated asset has set us up for a strong start to the New Year. Next week along with our partner Pfizer, we will be launching ELIQUIS in the U.S. Our teams have been working together, planning for this day, preparing for our launch. We're ready to move forward and while we have already launched in few markets such as the UK, Germany, and Denmark, we are making similar preparations in the other markets too. This is an important development for patients and physicians. For the past 60 years Warfarin has been the gold standard for this patient population, but now that has changed. ELIQUIS is the only anticoagulant that demonstrated superior risk reduction versus Warfarin in the three critical outcomes of stroke prevention, major bleeding, and all-cause death in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation. With respect to diabetes, FORXIGA’s European approval during the fourth quarter has significantly strengthened our franchise and kept an important year for Bristol-Myers Squibb in this space. Central to our expansion in diabetes was our acquisition of Amylin, announced last June, and the announcement of our five-year old partnership with AstraZeneca. Both of these developments have reinforced our leadership with respect to type 2 diabetes and have better positioned us to address the significant unmet medical need that still exists for these patients. Regarding Amylin, our integration continues to go well. Our cross-trained sales force is already hard at work in the U.S. market, and by the beginning of the second quarter, we should largely assume full commercialization of the two Amylin assets outside the U.S. As I said before, we also made significant pipeline progress last year including during last quarter. With respect to immuno-oncology PD-1 nivolumab is already in multiple Phase III trials for lung, renal, and melanoma. We presented important data at ASCO last year and we are looking forward to their read out of the very broad Phase III programs we had initiated. Similarly, elotuzumab for multiple myeloma is also in Phase III trials. We presented some interesting data at ASH in December. We suggested that elotuzumab may be promising for patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma. With respect to hepatitis C, we continue to advance our portfolio. Japan in particular provides significant opportunity with its 1.5 million patients. We expect to file an all oral regimen in Japan by the end of this year and expect to be in the market next year in 2014. And having presented interesting Phase II data at the AASLD conference in November, we are also expecting to move our triple regimen into Phase III trial in 2014. So taken together, 2012 was a very important year for Bristol-Myers Squibb, one that embodied our transition to the portfolio of the future, one that reflected the continued leadership of our Company in a range of therapeutic areas, one that sets the stage for sustained, long-term growth. Going forward, I’m optimistic. 2013 will be a year of clinical advances, launches, commercial execution, investments, all of which will allow us to deliver our full long-term potential. And with that let me now turn it over to Charlie. Charlie?
Charles A. Bancroft: Thank you, Lamberto. Overall, we had a good fourth-quarter while building a solid foundation for sustained long-term growth. In addition to the important regulatory approvals for ELIQUIS and FORXIGA that Lamberto mentioned, we also saw strong sales growth among our key products as we continue to move toward our portfolio of the future and a more diversified global footprint. During the fourth quarter, we delivered non-GAAP EPS of $0.47. For the full year, we delivered non-GAAP EPS of $1.99. This includes the dilution due to the acquisition of Amylin in August. Net sales for the fourth-quarter were $4.2 billion, down 23% compared to the fourth-quarter last year, primarily due to the loss of exclusivity of PLAVIX and AVAPRO/AVALIDE. Price was favorable by 1%, and foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on sales in the quarter. Excluding PLAVIX and AVAPRO, , global sales grew 13% lead by gains in key brands that are important to our future, YERVOY, ONGLYZA, ORENCIA, and SPRYCEL. I will review some of the product highlights. YERVOY had a very strong quarter; global sales were $211 million, up 18% sequentially from the third quarter. In less than two full years on the market, YERVOY’sglobal sales topped $700 million for 2012, making YERVOY one of the best oncology launches of the last decade. In the U.S. we are focused on the efficacy message of YERVOY, shifting the focus of treatment in metastatic melanoma to the potential for long-term survival, and expanding the prescribing base beyond large institutions. Both of these initiatives seem to be gaining traction. U.S. sales rose $141 million in the quarter, up nearly 15% from the third quarter. We are also in the process of fully launching YERVOY in Europe and continue to work with health authorities in other regions to ensure patients have access. We believe there is still ample opportunity for YERVOY to grow. In diabetes, worldwide sales for the ONGLYZA franchise rose 29% to $198 million during the quarter. The DPP-4 class is becoming more crowded, but we expect ONGLYZA to be competitive in this class, and we expect the class to continue to grow. In the U.S., we now have the combined strength of the Bristol-Myers Squibb, Amylin, and AstraZeneca diabetes sales forces promoting both ONGLYZA and the exenatide franchises and the launch of KOMBIGLYZE XR in Europe during the quarter strengthens our competitive position there as well. We reported $152 million in revenues for BYDUREON and BYETTA. This includes just $5 million in royalties from international markets. We will begin reporting direct sales for exenatide outside the U.S. after completing the transition of commercial responsibilities from Lilly. We expect that to occur by April 1. The ORENCIA franchise was up 26% in the quarter to $325 million. Full year sales were nearly $1.2 billion. ORENCIA SubQ now accounts for 25% of full year ORENCIA sales in the U.S. and we recently launched SubQ in Europe. SPRYCEL sales grew 24% to $281 million in the fourth quarter compared to last year and surpassed $1 billion in annual sales for the first time. We continue to see strong growth for SPRYCEL in the U.S. and international markets, with sustained first line adoption in CML and our continued market leadership in second line CML treatment. ABILIFY sales were up 11% to $819 million; ABILIFY sales during the quarter benefitted from a reduction in the estimated amount of certain managed Medicaid rebates attributed to prior periods. As you think about ABILIFY for 2013, I want to remind you that our share of ABILIFY revenues in the U.S. will be lower in 2013 as we shift from a flat 51.5% to the new tiered revenue structure, which we approximate to be 35% in 2013. Finally, HIV franchise sales were down to 6%. While global sales were $777 million for the fourth quarter and $3 billion for the year, we continue to see increased competition in many markets. Now, let me highlight a few items from the rest of our P&L. I will focus my remarks on our non-GAAP results. As John mentioned, reconciliations to our GAAP results are available in our press release and on our website. Gross margins were 76.4% during the quarter, up 120 basis points compared to the same period last year. This improvement is mostly attributable to favorable foreign exchange and a one-time benefit from the renegotiation of a supply agreement. Marketing, selling and administrative expenses were $1.1 billion, down 5% from the same quarter last year. This was driven by no PLAVIX or AVAPRO spend in the quarter and certain one-time expenses incurred in the fourth quarter of 2011. This was somewhat offset by increased investment due to the Amylin acquisition and the launches of new products, including ELIQUIS and FORXIGA. Our non-GAAP tax rate of 15% during the quarter was driven by two factors; the evolution of our earnings mix and our tax planning initiatives. Regarding mix, PLAVIX has a relatively higher tax rate as compared to the rest of our portfolio. Secondly, in Q4, we restructured some legal entities, which improved our earnings mix. We saw the impact of these changes in Q4 and we expect this impact to be sustained going forward. The Q4 rate does not include the R&D tax credit on risk in January. Before I turn to our 2013 guidance, I will briefly comment on our capital allocation strategy. We have the balanced approach to capital allocation with business development remaining a top priority. We are also committed to the dividend. In December, we increased the company’s dividend by 3%, demonstrating our confidence in our near and long-term business and our focus on creating value for shareholders. This is the fourth consecutive year that we have increased our dividend. Turning to guidance; you will see that we have set our 2013 non-GAAP EPS guidance range from $1.78 to $1.88. I will now provide some color on select line items; we expect our gross margin as a percent of sales to be between 72% to 73%, a decrease of approximately 300 basis points compared to last year. This is driven by expected growth for ELIQUIS and diabetes portfolio where we booked our respective partner share and cost of goods sold, causing downward pressure on gross margin. We project MS&A to be flat and AMP to increase in the high single-digit as we will continue to invest in our growth brands and our portfolio of the future. Remember that, in 2012, we had virtually no spending related to PLAVIX and AVAPRO as we had pulled back on commercial investments in those products in 2011. Moving into 2013, we are committed to making the right commercial investments in the important new product launches such as ELIQUIS and FORXIGA and we have a full year of investment behind the exenatide franchise. We also need to ensure continued growth of our key brands and we will appropriately invest to optimize our portfolio. While we continue to drive efficiencies throughout our P&L as part of our everyday business, we believe there is a balance between short-term results and building a solid foundation for sustained long-term growth. Finally, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 16%. There are three main reasons for the decrease in the 2013 tax rate. First, 2013 reflects the impact of the R&D tax credit for both 2012 and 2013. This has an impact of about 2.5 percentage points compared with 2012. Second, as I said previously, we have seen an evolution in our earnings mix with PLAVIX having relatively higher tax rate. Lastly, in 2012, we did a structuring of some legal entities, which has a positive impact on earnings mix. We saw the impact of this in Q4, and we expect the impact to be sustained going forward. In summary and as Lamberto mentioned, 2012 was an important year for the company as we begin to transition to a more diversified portfolio and the potential for longer term growth. and we believe our guidance for 2013 reflects the appropriate investments to help position the company for that longer term growth. I would now like to turn it over to your questions.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thanks, Charlie. And Alicia, if you could go to questions and if I can just remind everybody that try to keep them focused as we will try to get through as many questions as possible. Alicia?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We’ll take our first question from Greg Gilbert from Merrill Lynch.
Gregory B. Gilbert – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks, I have two, I’ll ask them upfront. Charlie, can you talk a little bit more about the massive tax changes is massive relative to what we – I think the market we are expecting going forward. And make sure we're all on the right place in terms of the ongoing sustainable rates, and perhaps a commercial question on ELIQUIS, J&J talked about strong Tier 2 access (inaudible) also, and even though you have the best profile, is it you or Pfizer’s plan to pay up to ensure that acts as a similar to the competition, or do you have another strategy in that regard? Thanks.
Charles Bancroft: Thanks, Greg, it's Charlie. As I mentioned in my comments, there were three main reasons for the drop in our overall tax rate, let me go through each one and take you through, which ones are sustainable as we think about our rate going forward. So with regard to the R&D tax credit which we have a double dip in 2013 as we have in 2012 benefit as well, obviously the piece that relates to 2012 is not sustainable going forward. As we talked about PLAVIX, PLAVIX is now out of our business, so that benefit we also see going forward. But remember, earnings mix will always play a role as we think about our tax rate. And then lastly, the restructuring we did, that had a positive impact on our earnings mix, we expect that this impact will be sustainable going forward.
Lamberto Andreotti: As to your question on ELIQUIS, while Giovanni will address specific question, so let me repeat a couple of things about ELIQUIS, and add a few things. First of all, as I said before, the approval of ELIQUIS last year was a significant accomplishment for us. We had the approvals in all those geographies, U.S., Europe, Japan, Canada, South Korea, all in just over one month’s time. This is an achievement there. And as I said before, we continue to believe that based on the data from our clinical trials, ELIQUIS has a real differentiated profile, and we were very encouraged to see the approvals in different parts of the world, reflects the risk rate action versus Warfarin in all three important outcomes of strong reduction, nasal bleeding and all because of that. So good clinical data and labels reflecting that clinical data. This unique and differentiated profile of ELIQUIS will resonate with (inaudible) and will position us well against Warfarin and against all other anticoagulant including the one you mentioned. We are working to secure pricing in access, and as I said the launch will happen in – is happening in these very weeks, in these very days. So one last point, the quality of the product as I said, there is strength for the label as I said, but there is also the fact that we both Bristol Myers Squibb and Pfizer have a strong experience, and we are leader in the cardiovascular field. All these made me very confident that we’d be very successful. Giovanni, why don’t you continue from here.
Giovanni Caforio:  Yes, good morning, this is Giovanni. Just following up on what Lamberto said, we are getting ready for launch in early February. But in fact, access is our number one priority. So our access teams are actually already working there in the field. We’ve scheduled many meetings with all of the key brands both commercial and Medicare and some of those meetings have taken place already. To add what Lamberto said, we believe that the strong profile and the quality of the label will be extremely important to access and we don’t expect significant barriers. We also have put in place specifically for commercial patients a very good set of programs in place to manage the out-of-pocket cost for patients. And that will be important in the commercial space at the beginning as we improve our access situation and then it will of course, continue to be important going forward. But we are very focused on this and the profile and the label would be very important.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Greg. Do you have the next question at least here.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thank you. And Jonathan or Elliot on the call, but I wanted to ask sort of a big picture question on PD-1, obviously this is going to be an important year for their disclosure of PD-1 read out, so I am wondering if you could just update us on where you are with your Phase III program, what other additional trials do you have planned, how you see the competitive dynamics playing out, you are not alone in this field, there are other companies also pursing PD-1 and PD-L1. And specifically what can we expect to see at ASCO this year? Thanks.
Elliott Sigal: Thank you, Jami. This is Elliott, yes, we continue to advance our leadership position in immuno-oncology in PD-1 as you state clearly as an important part of our platform. We were quite encouraged last year by the day that we presented at the Clinical Oncology Meeting and appeared at The New England Journal of Medicine showing that monotherapy with this patient is clinically active and non-small cell lung cancer metastatic melanoma and renal cell carcinoma with durable responses in most patients and an acceptable and manageable safety profile. We've got – had experienced now in multiple dose levels, and we believe the activity is encouraging because it is significant in heavily pretreated patients. We show some updated results at the end of the year. So we basically have moved on this data from a Phase 1, Phase II compound into five significant Phase III studies that are all ongoing now. There are two lung studies in second-line squamous and second-line non-squamous our strategy to stratify based on that histology is based on data that we've seen. We are also doing extensive analysis looking for biomarkers, which could be a distinguishing aspect of the program. We have a renal cell carcinoma study in Phase III, and we now have two melanoma studies in Phase III, one in advanced patients post at the ipilimumab and one in untreated patients versus chemotherapy. Also we have a Phase I combination of study with YERVOY and I think one of the exciting aspects of our program is getting early experience with combinations particularly with different mechanisms to boost the immune system. That will be I think very interesting data that we’ll be able to present hopefully at ASCO this year. At ASCO, we’ll be giving updates of the Phase 1, Phase II in terms of survival data, in terms of biomarkers and all these five Phase III studies will be ongoing. And we clearly acknowledge that there is competition in this field. We are gratified to be in the position we are in. We are not going to be complacent, and I think it's important to move fast in this area with high-quality molecules that are well characterized with biomarker studies and I would say with combinations that we are in a very good position to administer and to explore. We do have a PDL-1 mechanism and that's respectable competition from Genentech in Phase I in their program I believe. Our view is, there may be a theoretical advantage to targeting anti-PD-1 because you can cover both the PDL-1 and the PDL-2 ligands. We will have to see whether that that matters. Essentially we had enough information and extensive information on PD-1 to move as we have.
John E. Elicker:  Great. Thanks, Elliott, and thanks, Jamie. Can we go to the next question Alicia please?
Operator:  Yes sir. We will go next to Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Mark Schoenebaum – ISI Group:  Hi guys. Thanks a lot for taking the questions. Maybe this question is for Charlie on the taxes to push a little bit. So if we just add back the 1.25%, which will be half of the 2013 total R&D tax credit, would it be roughly that 17% to 18% that you advised us to use is sustainable or will be something or might have be something slightly more than that. And then I was wondering if you could maybe give us general thoughts on how we should be thinking about share repurchases in 2013? Thank you.
Charles Bancroft:  Okay, thanks, Mark. This is Charlie. Regarding the rate, I think your basic math that you use there is reasonable. To think about it going forward always in the business our size and diversified the global footprint, earnings mix will always play a role in the rate but overall I think that your math certainly makes sense to me. And regarding to the share repurchase program, as you know, we had two authorizations totaling $6 billion. Year-to-date were through $4.2 billion, so we have $1.8 billion remaining on that authorization. As you know, we have to build a – to suspend or utilize our share repurchase program on the discretionary basis.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thanks, Charlie, thanks, Mark. Can go to the next question, Alicia, please.
Operator: We’ll go next to Tim Anderson from Sanford Bernstein.
Tim Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: Thank you. If I can just go back to tax rates again, presumably all drug companies try to optimize their legal entities to take their tax rate as low as they can, yet your rate is markedly lower than any other companies that I cover at least. And so I’m wondering, why your tax rate might be unique in that regard, and can you explain a little more on the legal entity restructuring and how much Amylin plays into that? If I’m not mistaken, Amylin had a bunch of NOLs and I‘m wondering if that helps to take the rate lower. And then on ELIQUIS, can you just give us your thoughts about the potential competitor Edoxaban in your long reign planning assumptions for ELIQUIS, or you assuming that Edoxaban will be a viable competitor?
Lamberto Andreotti: Yeah. Let me first talk about the tax rate. In regard to the NOLs for Amylin, we did mention when we purchased Amylin by the NOLs, almost fully when we then basically sold the portion of the business to AstraZeneca, so that worked as a capital gain for us offset by the NOL. So there is no benefit of the Amylin NOLs going forward. As far as our tax rate vis-à-vis our competitors, I really don’t have the visibility into their earnings mix, their own tax planning strategies, and that’s something that I don’t feel perfect that we talk about in real detail.
Elliott Sigal: Yes, Tim, this is Elliott, and perhaps Giovanni would collaborate some of our joint feeling about this. First of all we’re very happy to be in the position we are globally with the label that we have, and it’s impossible for us to know what profile any compound will have, short of knowing the Phase III data, so (inaudible) is considered a very important compound for us to watch it will clearly depend on their data as to what the opportunities are for that compound. We have been under the belief scientifically, that because the half-life of this drug is similar to both (inaudible) and ELIQUIS, that adhering to what we think we have shown pretty well of a rather stable blood level, and low peak to trough ratio by going VIV with be part of the reason that you’re seeing the differentiated profile with ELIQUIS and very significant reduction risk in stroke. A very significant decrease of bleeding, which is very important to the practicing community, and for the superiority we’ve seen in All-Cause Death. So I think we need to wait and see and of course, we are prepared for the competition for that once-a-day dose, which I think is going to, now have to meet the bar of superiority in all those three outcomes. That’s it from my perspective from a commercial prospective, we will have to see data on label, but we are very focused on executing our launch of the data, we have versus warfarin in terms of superiority with throat bleeding and mortality is very, very compelling, and we are focused on our launch and the significant opportunities we have. 
Tim Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: And you may also mention some scenarios about the YERVOY data, which is an interesting element of differentiation of ELIQUIS, right?
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. Our company did something that was not all that conventional at the time, and I’m very pleased with how it turned out, and that is to look at the unmet medical need of the patients that are not judged to be not suitable for warfarin, which is a size of the AF population, perhaps 40% to 50%, and these patients are often given aspirin. So the (inaudible) study that went head-to-head to aspirin does two things for us, and I don’t think a study like this could now ever be done again, and that is to show the power of efficacy of the agents in its full form. But most importantly, to have a competitor leading, and there is no statistical difference in major bleeding rates between ELIQUIS and an aspirin, and I think that was part of our development plan, it was part of our evaluation with payers and their opinion while we were designing the Phase III, and I think it’s a strong part of our label and competitive position.
John Elicker: Thanks, Tim. And Alicia, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We’ll go to Tony Butler from Barclays.
Alison Yang – Barclays Capital: Good morning. this is Alison Yang, asking the question on behalf of Tony. Heading back to the oncology franchise, a couple of questions for YERVOY, can you just ask your current share in the market, and personally secondly relative to sort of some of the small molecules, and also it looks like there may be some additional indications in Phase III wrapping up prostate cancer, chemorefractory prostate cancer. Can you kind of discuss your vision for the other indications from YERVOY? Second question on oncology and elotuzumab, can you discuss sort of the strategy envisioned for multi-myeloma, and also can we expect to see any of the ELIQUIS to refractory data this year? Thank you so much. Giovanni, why don’t you start?
Giovanni Caforio: Yeah, this is Giovanni. With respect to our performance with YERVOY and our share, we were very pleased with our performance in Q4 in the U.S. with significant growth versus Q3, and previous year. And as Charlie mentioned before, our share in first-line is we estimate at this point to be above 30% when you look at the total market in the 10% range in BRAF-mutated patients, and clearly significantly higher in the BRAF wild-type population. That the utilization in first-line continues to grow, and it’s really one of the drivers of growth that you see in the fourth quarter versus previous periods.
Béatrice Cazala: Béatrice speaking, we also very pleased with the growth in Europe, this product is now commercially heading for the (inaudible). The adoption has been very good. Our sales trajectory in countries like Germany and UK have been better than all of the oncology launch, I’ll present you, so very satisfactory growth plan. Obviously the second time to get National Formulary across Europe, we have been very pleased with the progress we have made, and during recent months we have added to all key market, country like Spain. We also got approval from NICE in the UK, and now we have ongoing discussion with the remaining markets, which will conclude in the coming months. So we’re looking forward on the products we have made and continue building that products and we are aligning with obviously the global strategy working hard on the long-term survival data, and that data is going to be cheap for us to continue growing our market share across the world for that product.
Charles Bancroft: And before I really speak about the new indications, let me add something in. I mean obviously YERVOY is supported by great days, okay, but what is very important to me I’m very proud of the fact that, our analysis shows that YERVOY has been the best oncology launch in the U.S. and Europe over the past 10 years, which show a combination of good product, well developed and good commercial execution.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, so to the question of the lifecycle management, which we’re working on very hard for YERVOY, we do have Phase III trials and multiple indications including adjuvant melanoma, two trials in prostate cancer and you mentioned, yes, one of them should have data internally at BMS in the first half of the year and hopefully we will find a way to present that this year at a conference, and the one that will be coming due first is the Phase III trial in castrate resistant post-docetaxel prostate cancer and these are patients who have progressed on that taxane. It was initiated in 2009, we project to have the number of events to analyze and present this year. The other trial will take longer. We have two trials also in lung cancer, one in non-small cell lung cancer, one in small cell lung cancer. We are doing combination therapy with other chemotherapy agents and we are actively exploring studies in other tumor types with the National Cancer Institute. With regard to your question on elotuzumab, this too is a form of immunotherapy using a different non-T-cell based mechanism and we've been very excited about the updates we get from the Phase II study. One such update was presented last December at the ASH meeting and these are patients that have relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma and are being treated with the combination of lenalidomide and low-dose dexamethasone with and without the additional elotuzumab. That eloquent study we won't have data for this year, it’s a Phase III study now, and we are also looking at earlier lines of therapy and that will take a little longer.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thanks, Alicia. Can we go to the next question please?
Operator: We’ll go to Catherine Arnold from Credit Suisse.
Catherine Arnold – Credit Suisse: Hello, good morning.
Lamberto Andreotti: We lost you Catherine there for a minute.
Catherine Arnold – Credit Suisse: Okay. I wanted to ask you about the Amylin integration and how we should be interpreting the sales trajectory of that franchise. For instance 2014 you'll be launching the dual chamber pen, and I'm wondering as we look at your results for U.S. this year, should we be thinking about the sales trajectory having another very important inflection point such that the sales curve is really probably not completely visible and projectable and so we see the trend because of the convenience. And then also with this transitions happening in Europe, I think you guys takes full control in the second quarter, but I'm wondering how we should be thinking about interpreting the ex-U.S. sales once you start booking them additionally. So Alan could you elaborate that would be great?
Unidentified Corporate Participant: Okay, Catherine, good morning. Let me start here with a couple of comments about our diabetes franchise and let me reviewing a little bit why we bought Amylin and why we expanded our AstraZeneca partnership. And then Giovanni and Béatrice will give specific comments on the Amylin products and what we are planning to do with that. In the morning I feel good, I feel good, I feel good, in fact, I feel good about also our diabetes franchise. We have now – we have strong diversified comprehensive franchise with – since we are the only company with three novel classes of medications. On ONGLYZA component, we have FORXIGA that has moved into Europe, and I was very pleased to see that Europeans recognized the need of additional agents when they approved FORXIGA, and I was pleased to see that they included this additional agent product like FORXIGA with an insulin-dependent mechanism. And then we bought Amylin, which gives us the third leg as GLP-1 leg in our franchise. So, we have a good portfolio, diversified portfolio and with the portfolio and not only focusing on glycemic control within diabetes but we are also looking at CT protection. So I’m sure that we are all following the fact that we have [CD] outcome programs in place for (inaudible) product. So the Amylin acquisition made a lot of sense to us to make this program more complete and we start seeing first indicators of how we are doing with the product in the market. Long plan is to what Giovanni is going to elaborate on as far as the Amylin products are concerned.
Giovanni Caforio:  Yes, Catherine. This is Giovanni. So from a U.S. perspective, as we mentioned before in Q4, we have virtually completed the integration of the teams in the U.S. with the Amylin AstraZeneca. We now have full integrated sales, marketing and medical teams that are promoting the entire portfolio. When we started working on the integration we clearly articulated three objectives for 2013 for the GLP-1 franchise. The first one was to increase and improve access. The second one was to have a competitive share of voice and the third one important in order to enable growth was to broaden the prescriber base. And we made good progress in these areas, I will give you an example about access when beginning January 1 at Aetna, we now with BYDUREON have a preferred position in both the commercial and Medicare spaces which we think is very, very important. As we think about GLP-1s, there clearly is opportunity for significant growth in the market given the availability of a weekly product, the efficacy profile, the reduced nausea of BYDUREON , the product can and will be adopted more broadly in earlier lines of therapy, and we are very focused on that. And obviously the availability of the pen will be later important to continue to fuel the growth of BYDUREON . But overall, we have really good organization in place, we are very focused on executing against the three objectives and optimistic about the performance of that franchise going forward.
Béatrice Cazala: So you were asking also the transfer in international market, Catherine, , so it’s clear that it may take some time in terms of the transfer of marketing authorization and also non-commercial responsibilities, and that is likely to go on for few quarters. However, with our partner AstraZeneca, we are expecting a full control of the commercial operation at the end of the quarter, and we should book sales starting Q2 of 2013. You heard Giovanni mentioning the potential, I think we all agree behind the growth potential of that product. Actually, our teams across the world are very impatient outside of the U.S., to get control of the product, with the mindset of launching those products, BYETTA and BYDUREON . If we need to do that, it is clear that transition period was optimizing the sales of the product. So, the teams are currently being fully trained, and we will be fully operational as of Q2 to take over and grow that franchise in the international market.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks Catherine. Alicia can we go to the next question please.
Operator:  We’ll go to David Risinger from Morgan Stanley.
David R. Risinger – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Thanks very much. I guess I have two questions, one for Charlie and one for Elliott. Charlie, I was hoping that you could just talk about any 2015 inflections in the tax rate, when ABILIFY and SUSTIVA go generic?. So, I don't know if they are in 2013 being taxed above that corporate average of 16% or below that corporate average of 16% to understand if there is an inflection to anticipate for 2015. And then Elliot, could you just discuss the transition of the PD-L1 development strategy away from cancer and to virology, and then how you expect to develop that product in virology? Thanks very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: Charlie it seems that your good work during 2013 on taxes make if you work a lot of this morning on answering questions.
Charles Bancroft:  Thanks David. Without commenting specifically on ABILIFY and SUSTIVA, I do want to point out the differences of those products and the rest of our portfolio actually vis-à-vis PLAVIX, which did have the ability to decrease our rate, given it was higher relative to the rest of our portfolio. PLAVIX we had unique structure with Sanofi, where it was a JV, and we had the minority interest component. So I don’t see that there is going to be a major difference in ABILIFY and SUSTIVA to the rest of our portfolio excluding the PLAVIX component.
David R. Risinger – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Thanks.
Elliott Sigal: David, this is Elliot. What I can say at this time is that, as I mentioned before we had a lot of good reason to move forward in oncology with our anti-PD-1. We have a very valuable asset with our anti-PD-L1. There is a scientific basis for hypothesizing that the PD-1, PD-L1 mechanisms are relevant not only to oncology but to virology, help clear viruses for example, and they perhaps do affect cures in viruses that are sustained chronically. Now we have studied our PD-1 compound on a small number of patients with HCV. At this time, our plans are to develop PD-1 in oncology, and we’re conducting early works on the utility of PD-L1 in a variety of virologic infections and hopefully we’ll have more to say as time progresses.
John E. Elicker: Thank Dave. Can we go to the next question please Alicia.
Operator: We’ll go to Seamus Fernandez from Leerink Swann.
Seamus Fernandez – Leerink Swann: Hello, thanks very much. So a couple of quick questions; one for Lamberto; Lamberto historically when we kind of talked about the pace and direction of earnings, you had established 2013 as a trough year, are you comfortable reiterating that now with the expectation that 2015 would actually be a higher earning year? And then separately for Charlie; Charlie can you just walk us through a little bit on the gross margin mix going forward given the high volume of partnerships and then the loss of high margin ABILIFY? How should we be thinking about margins post 2015? Thanks a lot.
Lamberto Andreotti: I don’t think we are going to give guidance today about years beyond 2014 and 2015 which you shouldn’t take –you should just take this as we’re giving guidance for 2013. But at the same time, you should have heard and I let me repeat it my comment before that we are seriously investing behind many growth drivers we have in our portfolio and pipeline, and therefore our focus on the entire company is long-term growth while delivering short-term results. Again, we’re giving that guidance today for 2013 and we are committed to deliver according to that guidance.
Charles Bancroft: Thanks. Let me quickly talk about your question on gross margin. Let me start by saying PLAVIX overall, which is the major product for us in the U.S. had roughly the same gross margin as the total company had. So when we have lost now PLAVIX, which acted as a big stabilizer on our gross margin, we will see more quarter-to-quarter variability and we will also see variability related to as I mentioned in my comments, our partner products, so ELIQUIS in our diabetes franchise where we book the partner share up in cost of goods. Those products have clearly a lower gross margin than the rest of our portfolio, which generally had a slightly higher margin than for example, PLAVIX. So net-net, it will be a combination of our product mix. But I do see in the medium term, more downward pressure on our gross margin related to how we see the growth of our partner products.
John Elicker: Thanks Seamus. Can we go to the next question please, Alicia?
Operator: Let’s go to Chris Schott from JP Morgan.
Christopher Schott – JPMorgan: Great, thanks very much. Just had two questions here, both on diabetes. First on the GLP-1 space, Lilly recently announced a positive top line data for their GLP-1. Can you talk about how you think about the competitive dynamics with another potential once-weekly product coming to market as you are looking to build out this franchise over time? Second on ONGLYZA, just latest timing on the outcome study and just – can you just remind us, as you are speaking about ONGLYZA, how important is that outcome study in terms of both the ultimate ramp of the product as well as your market share within the DPP-4 class? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: This is Giovanni. So let me start by giving a perspective on the potential for BYDUREON, and the growth of the GLP-1 class. So, I would say a couple of things. First of all, it’s important to remember that less than 10% of patients with diabetes in the U.S. today receive a GLP-1 agent at some point during their treatment journey. And given the profile of this product, as I’ve said before, now that we have a weekly agent available, very good efficacy, good tolerability profile, will reduce nausea, there is opportunity for broader penetration into the primary care setting, there is an opportunity for earlier use during the treatment continuum and as a result of that significant opportunity for growth in the class. So we are very well positioned as an exenatide franchise, because physicians are experienced with the franchise, because we have the only available weekly agent. Today, the efficacy is non-understood, the tolerability as I said before is very good. and as a result of that, we are very well positioned. we believe we will have a pen available – the Dual-Chamber pen available well before other weekly agents are available in the market. And so, we will be able to consolidate our market position ahead of other competitors?
Elliott Sigal:   So, Chris, hi. This is Elliott, and I’ll start and in Béatrice will complement to answer your question about the significance of that outcome trial for ONGLYZA, it’s called Savor. It’s the cardiovascular outcome trial. And recall that, in this staying age, we expect most diabetes agents to undergo a cardiovascular outcome trial. And it’s important to do so to show that there is no cardiovascular harm. So one scenario and Béatrice will address this commercially is the significance of showing no cardiovascular harm. This is a 16,500 patient trial. It enrolls very well. We increased the enrollment and we’re able to buy to predict that we’ll have some read out this year, based on the number of events and the way the events are being gathered. We also took the opportunity however to add the question of could we see a cardiovascular benefit. So this is ONGLYZA on top of standard of care not including GLP-1 or GPP-4s versus standard of care, and it’s powered to show superiority. It can also test for non-inferiority on a composite cardiovascular outcomes and we have enrolled patients so that we can make statements with regard to primary prevention and secondary preventions. This one is the unique aspects of this trial. And the best case would be to show some advantage of using the GPP-4 beyond incurring no cardiovascular harm, which is suspect in many older compounds. There is two hypotheses; one pre-clinical and one clinical, that makes one want to ask these questions, but this is an experiment. Pre-clinically, GPP-4 does metabolize a variety of compounds other than GLP-1 and there has been a lot of research done talking about the advantages to Cytacon and other inflammatory processes relevant to the cardiovascular flag. The second of all, not only ONGLYZA, but every GPP-4 that’s been submitted has done meta analysis as a precursor to make sure there is no cardiovascular harm and interestingly all of these show a benefit, but these are just net analysis of short-term trials and it’s just hypothesis generally, the a definitive trial for ONGLYZA, should read out this year, and Béatrice, the two scenarios.
Béatrice Cazala: Obviously commercially until we see the final results. We are planning to hold up what is in those scenarios. So you can understand that if the outcome of the trial in neutral this will strongly confirm the ONGLYZA, if you get in 50 profiles, as you know the GPP-4 clock has continued to grow. Yes less than 80% of the patient in the U.S. and less than 12% of the EU patient are being treated by that category of agents. So that’s up from Savor showing that I think neutral effect on cardiovascular would reinforce the suitability of the product for broad use as a sublime agent to treat, with improving particular ONGLYZA So knowing in the scenario where we could have demonstrated the clinical meaningful benefit in term of the outcome, we know GPP-4 so far including our label of such a benefit. So given the high rate of that in short, in a population with Type 2 diabetes, these numbers are in a significant increase adoption formula. In addition, as we move this, categories are very focused on the prevention. This will also appeal towards a broader segment of the physician not just on the cardiology physician, also (inaudible).
John Elicker:
 : Thanks Chris. Alicia we have less than five minutes less. I’m not sure how many questions we’re going to be able to get through but take the next one please.
Operator: We’ll go next to Andrew Baum from Citi. .
Andrew S. Baum – Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.:  Good morning, a couple of questions. First to Charlie please, within your revenue and earnings guidance for next year, what have you factored in for European pricing as well as potential relating for the geological in the U.S.? And then secondly, with regard to the CML, obviously the environment is looking increasingly dynamic in terms of treatment both with generically where new competition from imatinib as well as the vast dysfunctional pure trials running. I understand that you’re running that PD-1 combination trial with SPRYCEL. Perhaps you could outline your timing and expectations for that? Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thanks, Andrew. In regard to European pricing, we don't see any led up some of the measures that we have seen, so we think it will be consistent with what we've seen in 2011 and 2012. In regard to dual eligibles you had a potential risk, but we don't have any impact of dual eligibles in our current guidance.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, this is Giovanni. Let me just comment on the CML market specifically in the U.S. and the current dynamics. As we mentioned before, we continue to have very strong performance with SPRYCEL. We had very good sequential growth from a demand perspective quarter-on-quarter and versus prior year. That's driven by two things, the profile of SPRYCEL is increasingly valued once-daily long-term survival data, no food restriction and a good tolerability profile. And as a result of that in our commercial execution we have, a good sharing first-line and maintain our leadership in the second line setting. The most important dynamic is that Gleevec business continues to be eroded, it’s now slightly above 70% of the market in the U.S. down again sequentially every quarter and we continue to be focused on that. We have not seen significant impact from the launch of Bosutinib, which is probably predominantly used in much later lines of therapy, and it’s clearly too early to say whether we are seeing any impact from Ponatinib, but our performance continues to be strong. We clearly have strength and our focus on access in the U.S., because we understand that over the course of the next few years, we believe that generic will have an impact on the market, but we are very focused on that. Early on, we have good programs in place and again a strong position in the marketplace.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Thanks, Andrew. Alicia, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: We’ll go next to Alex Arfaei from BMO Capital Markets.
Alex Arfaei – BMO Capital Markets:  Good morning, thank you for taking my question and congrats on a good quarter. First on ELIQUIS access, would you be able to provide any update on number of lives covered and how you compare versus competitors? And finally, do you have any updates sort of timeline of the monthly exenatide combination? Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: This is Giovanni. Let me start from ELIQUIS access. As I said at the beginning, this is our number one area of focus and we are already working on it. It’s clearly too early to give you any figure on lives covered on access, because we are just at the beginning of our meetings with payers. As a reminder, we will launch from a promotion perspective in early February, so we’re very, very close to launch. As I also said at the beginning, the profile is very strong, the data is very well reflected in a good label, so we don’t expect barriers to accent and we expect to be able to execute our plans effectively. As you know, it will be faster on the commercial space than Medicaid and Medicare. Our focus will be on working with Medicare plans immediately in order to ensure we have access in 2014, but we also will be discussing the potential for our cycle reviews early on, which could impact Medicare coverage in 2013 primarily in the second half.
Charles Bancroft: Yes and with regard to the representation of BYDUREON, we understand to keep competitive on this now first, once weekly administration of the GLP-1 preparation we have to continue to improve the presentation, the dual chamber, we aim to submit this year should be an improvement on the current presentation. we started the Phase III last year on the once weekly suspension. we are interested in the monthly. We are still working on the technical aspects of it, I have no significant update at this time.
John E. Elicker: Thanks, Alex, and thanks everybody for taking the time on the call this morning for our apologies if we did not get to all of your questions, but we are out of time. I’m going to turn it over to Lamberto for some final comments.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yeah. Thank you for your questions and congratulations to my teams for what they have accomplished in 2012. in fact, 2012 as I said before was an important year for Bristol Myers Squibb, one year that left me feeling very optimistic about our future. It was a year of transition that has set the stage for 2013. 2013 is a year of powerful, strong, successful commercial execution, and for the development of our pipeline. And the year of transition 2012 laid the foundation also for the subsequent years. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference. we thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John E. Elicker - Senior Vice President of Public Affairs and Investor Relations Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee Charles A. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Giovanni Caforio - President of U.S. Pharmaceuticals Beatrice Cazala - Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations Elliott Sigal - Chief Scientific Officer, President of Research & Development, Executive Vice President, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee
Analysts: Marc Goodman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Gregory B. Gilbert - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Catherine J. Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Steve Scala - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Christopher Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Risinger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.
John E. Elicker: Thank you, Lea, and thanks, everybody, this morning for joining us on the call. I know it's a busy morning for all of you. With me today, we have Lamberto Andreotti, our CEO; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer, with, as you may know, also additional commercial responsibilities. Both Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks. And then joining us for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; and Beatrice Cazala, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; and Giovanni Caforio, our President of U.S. Pharmaceuticals business. So let me take care of the legal requirement. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website, bms.com. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Well, thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. This was a challenging quarter for a number of reasons, and especially due to the discontinuation of the 094 development program. While I am disappointed, very disappointed with that situation, I'm certainly proud of the way we handled it, quickly and decisively to preserve patient safety. Importantly, we remain committed to and focused on delivering against our strategy. Nothing has changed in that regard. We remain fully committed to business development in our therapeutic areas of focus and we remain fully committed to the field of hepatitis C. Further, a lot happened during the quarter that continues to give me confidence that we are on the right track. The strong performance of our key and new products, the clinical and regulatory advances, particularly those related to YERVOY, anti-PD-1 and ELIQUIS; the simplification of our long-term alliance with Sanofi; and of course, the completion of the Amylin acquisition and the expansion of our alliance with AstraZeneca. Let me just spend a few minutes on some of these highlights. Commercially, I was encouraged by the performance of a number of key products, namely ORENCIA, SPRYCEL, Baraclude, ONGLYZA and YERVOY, which has experienced solid growth partly due to progress with access and reimbursement abroad. All of these products had a strong quarter, all experienced double-digit growth. Clinically, immuno-oncology remains a key part of our future and we made progress last quarter on 2 fronts. At the European Society for Medical Oncology, we presented long-term survival data on YERVOY, data that is very important, very valuable for patients with metastatic melanoma. And we also began Phase III trials on anti-PD-1, 2 for lung cancer and 1 for renal cancer. And we are expecting to begin soon, possibly later this year, a Phase III trial for melanoma. On the regulatory front, there were significantly developments with respect to 2 key products: ELIQUIS and FORXIGA. Regarding ELIQUIS, we received a positive opinion from the CHMP in Europe, and we are expecting a decision by the end of the year. In Japan, our application is progressing and could lead to a decision by the end of the year. And in the U.S., we now have a new PDUFA date on March 17 from the FDA. Regarding FORXIGA, we are hoping for a decision in Europe by year's end, and in the U.S., we now have Klaricid at path forward with the FDA and are planning to resubmit our application by the middle of 2013. Regarding hepatitis C, we believe we still have some interesting opportunities. Data on some of them will be presented at the AASLD conference next month. And in Japan, we pursue our genotype 1b strategy and expect to file an oral regimen by the end of next year. And finally, regarding diabetes, we now have a very broad, robust portfolio of treatment options for patients, physicians and payers. With a strong performance by ONGLYZA, encouraging regulatory progress on FORXIGA and the recent acquisition of Amylin, I am excited about the evolution of our joint Bristol-Myers Squibb-AstraZeneca portfolio into a comprehensive diabetes franchise. With respect to Amylin, I am pleased that we finalized the acquisition in August and has started to cross-train our U.S. sales force. In fact, our integrated sales force has just begun promoting our entire franchise. Taken as a whole, the quarter reflected a significant transition underway at Bristol-Myers Squibb toward the portfolio of the future. And going forward, we plan to maintain our balanced approach driving results today while taking the stage for tomorrow. Though we, together with the entire industry, continue to face macroeconomic headwinds, especially in Europe, I believe our strategy and our product and geographic diversification will support us going forward. As such, I remain optimistic about our future. And now, Charlie will provide you with some of our key numbers. Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft: Thank you, Lamberto. This was an important quarter for the company as we take another step towards our transition to the portfolio of our future. In the third quarter, we delivered non-GAAP EPS of $0.41. We reported net sales of $3.7 billion in the quarter, down 30% compared to last year due to the exclusivity loss of PLAVIX and AVAPRO, causing volume to be down 28%. Price was favorable by 1%, and foreign exchange had a negative 3% impact on sales. Excluding PLAVIX and AVAPRO, global sales grew 7%, driven by the trends of our key brands that are important to our future. Let me provide a few highlights. During the quarter, we reported Europe worldwide YERVOY sales of $179 million, with U.S. sales contributing $123 million. We are making good progress gaining access with YERVOY internationally and are focused on delivering longer-term growth. In the U.S., we believe that the demand we saw in the third quarter provides a strong base from which to build YERVOY in the future. It is important that we continue to reinforce the value of the potential for long-term survival. The 4- and 5-year survival data recently presented at the European Society of Medical Oncology will be important as we work with all stakeholders in the patient's journey to shift the treatment goal to long-term survival. As Lamberto mentioned, with the acquisition of Amylin and regulatory progress with FORXIGA, we now have what we believe is a very strong diabetes portfolio with a broad range of options for patients, physicians and payers. ONGLYZA franchise sales were $178 million, up 40% compared to last year. In the U.S., prescriptions grew twice as fast as the DPP4 market. In Europe, planning is well underway to launch KOMBIGLYZE XR during the fourth quarter. Longer term, in addition to glycemic control, we are focused on the potential for cardio protection and have studies ongoing across the portfolio. We are looking forward to the ONGLYZA SAVOR study results, which should report out next year. The exenatide franchise had sales of $75 million in the quarter. Following the closing of Amylin in August, the teams have been focused on ensuring the right level of access in the U.S. and the alliance salesforces have recently begun full promotion. Outside the U.S., the process of transition with Lilly is underway and we should be substantially complete by mid-2013. SPRYCEL was up 25% in the quarter. We continue to make share gains in both first line and the continued expansion of the second line opportunity. Outside the U.S., we are seeing strong adoption in Japan and the EU business is doing well, particularly in markets where we have first line reimbursement, including Germany, Italy and Spain. The ORENCIA franchise was up 32%. ORENCIA SubQ, which was launched in the U.S. at the end of last year, had sales of $61 million in Q3 and now accounts for 28% of our franchise sales in the U.S. Our ORENCIA SubQ was recently approved in the EU, and we are in the launch process. REYATAZ sales were down 7%. While U.S. sales were up 5%, international sales were down 18% due to 3 factors. Firstly, the overall market is becoming increasingly competitive. And secondly, we have seen lower inventory levels in Europe. Finally, there is a variability of timing of orders in Russia and Brazil where we had government purchases in Q3 last year but took place in Q2 this year. Before I move to expenses, let me touch on the restructuring of our agreement with Sanofi. The revised agreement simplifies operations and supports our strategy and focus on delivering our portfolio. We expect that the EPS impact of the restructuring will be minimal from 2013 through 2018. Now let me give you just a few comments from the rest of our P&L. I will focus my remarks on our non-GAAP results. Reconciliation to our GAAP results are available on our press release and our website. Gross margin was 75%, up 100 basis points compared to third quarter last year. This favorability was primarily driven by foreign exchange. Advertising and promotion expenses were down 19%, reflecting decreased spend behind PLAVIX, AVAPRO and life cycle flexing of certain in-line brands. The effective overall tax rate was 20.5% in the quarter, the decrease compared to third quarter of 2011 is primarily due to earnings mix. Now turning to guidance. You have seen that we have confirmed our 2012 non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.90 to $2 and expect to be at the upper end of the range. This includes the estimated $0.03 dilution related to the acquisition of Amylin. You will also note in our press release that we have updated our line item guidance. Let me comment on 2 of the changes. We now expect full year gross margin as a percentage of sales to improve approximately 100 basis points versus last year. This is in part driven by sales mix and favorability in foreign exchange. And we expect our tax rate to be approximately 23%, which assumes the extension of the R&D tax credit. Earnings mix and effective tax planning are having a positive impact on our full year rate. I would now like to turn it over to your questions.
John E. Elicker: Thanks, Charlie. And Lea, I think we're ready to go to questions. And I would just remind everybody that in addition to Lamberto and Charlie, we have Elliott, Beatrice and Giovanni here for any questions you may have. Lea?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marc Goodman with UBS.
Marc Goodman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of things. First, on ABILIFY, can you talk about whether this initiative by CNS in May, has had any impact on that market? Second of all, can you talk about Baraclude a little bit OUS? It seems a little weaker than we would've thought if there's anything going on there. And then third, just on the GLP market, BYDUREON, is this some slowdown in the ramp just because of the turnover in companies and change in sales force and stuff or is there something else going on?
Lamberto Andreotti: Why don't we -- and why don't we do the following? Why don't we ask Giovanni to comment on ABILIFY and the GLP market in the U.S., and Beatrice, you will follow-up with a comment on Baraclude.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, this is Giovanni. On ABILIFY, the first thing I would say, the key trend in the marketplace in the U.S. right now is really the genericization of the market and the entry of generic competitors for many of our products. With respect to the ABILIFY performance, the performance continues to be stable quarter-over-quarter and versus prior year and very much in line with our expectations and our focus has not changed. We continue to be very focused on promoting the differentiated profile of ABILIFY with the efficacy as early as week 1. So we have not seen any significant change in access, trends and the performance of the brand continues to be strong. With respect to the GLP-1 market, as you know, the market is growing rapidly. GLP-1s were initially adopted primarily by endocrinologists in the U.S. and they have started usage in relatively late-stage patients. With the entry of new products such as BYDUREON, because of the weekly dosing and the convenience, we expect that the growth of the market and the GLP-1 segment will continue, because those products will be adopted more broadly by primary care physicians and they will be used earlier in the treatment paradigm. With respect to BYDUREON and our trends, as Lamberto mentioned at the beginning, we have very rapidly accelerated the integration of the Amylin business. We have cross-trained our sales forces. We recently began promotion of the full portfolio, including BYDUREON through the AstraZeneca, the BMS and the Amylin teams. Those teams are in the field that we do see significant potential for growth, not only because of the increasing penetration with endocrinologists, but also we do see that we will be able to grow the prescribers base, including primary care physicians. So we're optimistic with the growth prospects of BYDUREON and our exenatide franchise within the GLP-1 market.
Lamberto Andreotti: Wait, wait. Before Beatrice speaks about Baraclude, right, I will like to say a couple of things about our presence in diabetes. I think that -- probably, I said it before in my prepared remarks, but I want to repeat that with this strong performance for ONGLYZA, the encouraging regulatory progress for FORXIGA and the reacquisition of Amylin, I'm really excited about the evolution of our joint Bristol-Myers Squibb-AstraZeneca portfolio into this comprehensive diabetes franchise. And what I wanted to -- also to say is that we are focused not just on glycemic control within diabetes, but also in CV protection. With that in mind, we have CV outcome programs in place for all the free classes of agents in our portfolio, DPP-4, SGLT2 and GLP-1. And we see the first results beginning with SAVOR next year. This is what I wanted to say about the diabetes franchise. And then, Beatrice, why don't you speak about the good results of Baraclude?
Beatrice Cazala: So Baraclude's 2012 performance versus last year, we recorded a plus 11%, so we see contrasted views, very strong market in China. We are growing more than 34%, so very successful there. We are also are continuing growing in the rest of this year, with very strong growth there of 15%. What you're talking about are possibly a slowdown, it's mainly in Europe, where we have seen the impact of some government and action against usage of Baraclude, and we do think demand, especially in countries like Italy. So overall, a picture where we still see a very strong growth globally versus last year, very strong market share. Recognition of the ability of the products to really deliver on this long-term efficacy and safety and position very well as a market leader versus Tenofovir.
Operator: Next question from Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First question is to Charlie, if there -- the margin progression this quarter was a bit confusing. Gross margins were much higher than expected, but the tax rate was a lot lower, and at the same time, marketing, admin and promotion expenses -- or rather marketing, selling, admin and R&D were about $200 million higher relative to our expectations. So can you try to clarify what is going on? I mean, should we assume -- what should we assume going forward? Are the heavier promotional and R&D expenses front line loaded or is this now the new normal at Bristol-Myers? How should we think about gross margins going forward? And to what extent the mix should be sustained? And then also, on the new tax rate guidance of 23%, how we should think about that going forward? And then I have a follow-up question. I don't know if Elliott's on the call, but interested on your comments on dapa and the path forward. What additional work have you been asked to do? And what were the key areas of focus by the FDA? And if you can just provide a little bit more granularity on what that submission package will look like relative to what you've submitted before?
Elliott Sigal: Jamie, this is Elliott. I'll take the dapagliflozin FORXIGA question. First, we, as Lamberto indicated, have had extensive discussions with the FDA in the last several months. Based on evolving data, clinical data of patients who've been treated following extensions, the FDA's benefit-risk profile assessment of dapagliflozin may have shifted in favor of the drug. Our discussions have, therefore, resulted in a well-defined path forward. We don't require starting any new clinical data, but we are planning to resubmit in the middle of 2013 with more clinical data from our extension of some studies, plus the results of some dedicated blood pressure studies with dapagliflozin. This medicine, as you know, offers the triad of potential benefits of glucose control, weight reduction and blood pressure reduction. And we do expect to have an advisory committee and a 6-month review. So resubmission of ongoing clinical studies, another look at the benefit-risk, including probably an advisory committee and a 6-month review. Meanwhile, in Europe, we are encouraged by the progress and do feel that we will have this drug approved in Europe by the end of the year.
Charles A. Bancroft: Okay, Jamie, this is Charlie. In regard to gross margin, expenses and taxes, in one respect, we are absorbing now, for the first time, Amylin in both the third quarter and as we've guided for the full year 2012. And also, you may recall that in the Q4 last year, we had unusually high MS&A expenses, which we commented in previous earnings calls that we don't expect to repeat this year. Gross margin, as I mentioned in my comments, is benefited by exchange for the contracts that we record there, so I can't comment going forward how that would potentially look, not knowing where exchange rates will go. And on the tax side, as I mentioned, it's component of earnings mix and tax planning. Without giving guidance for 2013 on the tax line, I would say earnings mix is always going to be a variable. But on the tax planning side, some of that we see should be a positive going forward. In regard to 2013 overall, we have talked about this previously regarding the dynamics not only impacting the industry but impacting us specifically. And as we stated, we intend to provide 2013 guidance in January of next year.
Operator: Tim Anderson from Sanford Bernstein.
Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can you narrow down your expectations and the timing of U.S. approval of ELIQUIS? Specifically, do you think the agency will take the full 6 months or could it be something less than this? And is there any chance the product might need to go before an FDA advisory committee or do you think you've answered all of the agency's questions at this point? And then on emerging markets, on a constant exchange rate basis, growth was, I think, around 2%, which is fairly low. Any color on your expectations for future growth in emerging markets?
Elliott Sigal: Tim, this is Elliott. On ELIQUIS, we do not expect nor have any indication there will be an advisory committee. As I mentioned on our last investor call at the end of July, we had a set of questions. We felt we could submit answers too. By mid-September, we did that. The official receipt by the FDA of those answers were -- was September 26. I am confident our answers addressed all the questions in front of the FDA. That submission date triggers a potential 6-month review. Therefore, we had announced the PDUFA date of March 17 of '13. I am personally hopeful that the decision can come earlier.
Beatrice Cazala: In emerging markets, for your question, we are strongly encouraged to see continued growth for our new brand in key growth drivers, Baraclude, SPRYCEL and ORENCIA mainly. They have been partially offset by a decline and softness in some of our mature brand and REYATAZ. So we saw very strong growth in China and we saw weakness is more in Russia and Brazil linked to the tendering of REYATAZ, which accounted differently between Q3 and Q2. So overall, we have strong growth in those markets, Brazil for ORENCIA, SPRYCEL. We have a strong also growth for Baraclude in Russia and China continued to be very strong for us.
Operator: Gregg Gilbert with Bank of America.
Gregory B. Gilbert - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple on ELIQUIS. First, what is the earliest that the commercial organizations of Bristol and Pfizer could be ready to launch ELIQUIS in the U.S.? And Elliott, do you have any views on edoxaban and how that will compare with current players and ELIQUIS based on what has been presented thus far? And then on HCV, with marketing moving to 1 pill once daily seemingly, do you have efforts underway to compete on that front?
Lamberto Andreotti: Giovanni, I think you want to take the ELIQUIS question, but I can summarize the answer. We are ready, right? So why don't you go? We have more to say.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. So as you know, we are working very actively with Pfizer to prepare for launch. The answer is we are ready to launch. As we've said before, a couple of other comments. The first one is we are really excited with the profile of the product. It is differentiated not only versus warfarin but also versus the other agents and that's going to be very important for us. The second point is we will launch with the combined strength of Bristol-Myers Squibb and Pfizer. We have significant experience in cardiovasculars. We have a strong presence in cardiology. We will have a broad reach and a primary care and a very clear focus on access. When we launch, we will focus on establishing access for the first 4 to 6 weeks post-approval. And at the same time, we will train our sales and medical teams to begin promotion of ELIQUIS. And we are ready for -- and we are ready to launch. Our first objective when we launch, given the differentiated profile and the strength of the data, will clearly be to establish ELIQUIS as the leading new agent. We also believe we have the potential to increase the percentage of naïve patient new to brand Rxs that go to new agents. As you know, the new agents right now are capturing about 1/3 on -- of NBRxs, and we believe we that the launch of ELIQUIS, given the differentiated profile, will be able to significantly grow that percentage.
Lamberto Andreotti: Elliott?
Elliott Sigal: Yes, Greg. I'll answer your question on edoxaban and then HCV. Edoxaban, of course, is the potential competitor in the 10a space, an ongoing Phase III trial that may be read out next year. Clearly, our data, as it stands now, is differentiated with superior efficacy and less bleeding and a mortality benefit. We believe the differentiated data from 2 trials, ARISTOTLE and AVERROES, will be reflected in the label and it will be a best-in-class product, answering the significant unmet need. It is impossible for us to know for sure what the profile of edoxaban will be. It clearly will depend on their data that we will review and we take serious for next year. I will note that the half-life of this drug, edoxaban, is similar to both rivaroxaban and ELIQUIS. And our experience -- and the experience in the field so far would predict a BID dose would be necessary to achieve a profile like ELIQUIS of both superior efficacy and superior bleeding. So we're pleased with our regulatory process going forward over the summer. We are working expeditiously with the FDA and I mentioned our preparations in Europe. With regard to HCV, this is a very competitive area, of course. We are -- we do see some important milestones this particular quarter. Particularly at the liver meeting, we will present several things that represent the value we see in this space. We believe there is room for several regimens. We look forward to present exciting data on a sustained viral response on our triple combination of our 5A and protease inhibitor, plus our non-nuke NS5B. You'll note that the 5A and NS3 protease inhibitor is what we have been calling the dual. The dual is in Phase III in Japan. The protease inhibitor has been dosed in over 1,000 patients, our 5A in several thousand patients. So now we begin to add NS5B to this dual regimen and we have seen, in a 12-week regimen, a very impressive sustained viral response. In fact, it corresponds to 100% in the small number of patients tested, if loss-to-follow-up are excluded. We're looking forward to being able to advance this regimen potentially in Phase III registrational studies, starting in the first half of 2014. In the meantime, we will be obtaining more safety data on the third component, the non-nucleotide NS5B, and completing the formulation work to combine the 3 drugs into 1 pill that will be administered twice a day for a up to 12-week regimen. In addition, our dual, as mentioned, is progressing in Japan and there's a significant number of patients, over 2 million patients infected there. 70% of them have genotype 1b. The dual has had a very high SVR [ph] after the regimen there of the dual. And we will see the Phase III data in the middle of next year and hope to file by the end of the year. We've also initiated a Phase III Quad program, with the dual on top of peg/riba for GT1a and GT1b null patients. We continue to develop Lambda in parts of the world we think -- where we think an interferon will remain an important option. We also will present at the Liver Meeting's proof-of-concept for Lambda and hepatitis B, which I think is an important medical opportunity.
Operator: Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Some of these -- some of my questions were asked. I had one financial question and a couple of pipeline. The first was -- I still don't entirely understand. The tax rate in the quarter, a little lower than we were expecting. Maybe provide a little more color on that if you don't mind. Second question I had was on PD-1. Could you just give us an update on the timeline for the Phase III? Is there any enrollment that has already occurred? And then also, the YERVOY combo trial with ZELBORAF, what the status is for combining YERVOY with ZELBORAF? And my final question is on dapa, just to build on a prior question. Did I hear you right, Elliott, that you said that you think you may have -- that the FDA's mind may have changed about the risk-reward on this?
John E. Elicker: Well, Mark, I'm not sure what happens if we didn't answer most of your questions in advance.
Lamberto Andreotti: So who starts -- you start with the tax rate.
Charles A. Bancroft: Yes, let me just review what I said before regarding the tax rate. Our tax rate is variable to where we have our earnings and we have earnings differentials between countries. So it's just purely a function of earnings mix where we earn our income for the quarter.
Elliott Sigal: Yes, Mark, so on PD-1, ZELBORAF and dapagliflozin, starting on the reverse order. Yes, I said that after extensive discussions with the FDA, we believe that the FDA -- well, clearly it's willing to reconsider the benefit-risk of this drug. This will require a review and probably an advisory committee. And their sense that they convey to us is that the benefit-risk has shifted in the favor of the drug. That's as we have evolving data, plus we think we can shore up that argument by supplying more data over the next 6 months. So since I don't have all that data in hand, I have to add that important caveat. But I feel we will be submitting an even stronger application for this important medicine by the middle of '13, have a 6-month review, including probably an advisory committee. With regard to PD-1, we have a very significant, dedicated, intense team on this in development and with our commercial colleagues for advice and involvement in this. It's a very exciting area in specific and in general. We have just recently launched 3 Phase III studies, 2 are in lung studies. Those -- so patients have started to be dosed in second line squamous cells and second line non-squamous cell. A renal cell carcinoma study has also been started and soon, there will be a comprehensive Phase III program, covering all lines of therapy in melanoma probably to start before the end of the year. With regard to ipilimumab data with ZELBORAF, we did feel we would have this data in house by the end of this year. It might take into next year. There's -- it's a 50-patient study with ZELBORAF and ipilimumab used together, primarily for safety and advice. We will present at ASCO combination data, including PD-1 and ipilimumab.
Operator: Catherine Arnold with Crédit Suisse.
Catherine J. Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could step back maybe and talk about your priorities for business development. Obviously, you're still very -- planning to be very aggressive about deals. But given Amylin and given Inhibitex, what are the therapeutic areas where you might say, I really want to pursue this based on where the body of science is going or based on your strategic objective? And then when it comes to ELIQUIS, could you talk about getting the patients that are in sort of the less -- the more stable patients on warfarin sort of switched over to ELIQUIS, and what you've learned about where the market is in Xarelto and Pradaxa that you will sort of incorporate into your plans, whether it's the bleeding concerns, without a lack of an antidote or pricing or patient stratification? Give us a bit more granularity there.
Lamberto Andreotti: Giovanni, you will take the ELIQUIS question. Let me make a couple of comments about business development. As I said before, we are disappointed by the discontinuation of the 094 program, which -- well, which is a stark reminder of the high-risk nature of our business. Having said that, nothing has changed with regard to our business development strategy. And you might be aware, but we recently announced that Fran Heller has joined the company as the new Head of Business Development. Business development has been one of our top priorities and we're pleased that we closed our acquisition of Amylin and our expansion of our AstraZeneca during the quarter. Now we continue to be interested in small molecules, as well as expanding our biologics capability, and the areas are aligned with our key strategic disease areas. So they remain CVMET [ph], virology, neuroscience, immuno-oncology and immunology. We will continue to look for business development opportunities that can help deliver long-term growth and -- but we're also interested in near-term opportunities, opportunities that could improve or would improve the growth profile of the company. What I want to say also is that we will remain disciplined with regard to focusing on transactions, business development transactions that are strategically, scientifically and economically sound. So in summary, nothing has changed as far as business development is concerned at Bristol-Myers Squibb.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, Catherine, this is Giovanni. From an ELIQUIS perspective, as I said before, the very important point is that the profile of ELIQUIS is very differentiated. Not only versus warfarin but also versus the other agents. And also that we will have Pfizer and also Bristol-Myers Squibb very focused on ensuring a successful launch. With respect to the patient pools, as I mentioned before, we are very focused on looking at new-to-brand prescriptions or NBRxs. And the new agents to date in the U.S. have captured approximately 1/3 of NBRxs. It's important that we believe that's primarily because of a convenience perception from physicians on Xarelto and Pradaxa. And when we launched with ELIQUIS, we will have really strong data. The efficacy data is important, the bleeding data is extremely important. So as I said before, our first focus really is to establish ELIQUIS as the leading new agent, accelerate the erosion of NBRxs from warfarin and clearly, over time, there will be patients that are well controlled on warfarin or currently on aspirin at a later point, that will begin to be accessible to us, but I think it's really important to focus on the profile and how we will be able to derive establishing the brand as the leading agent from the beginning.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Scala with Cowan.
Steve Scala - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Two questions for Elliott. First, will Bristol take an interim look at the PD-1 lung study in 2013? And if so, if you could tell us when in 2013. That would be helpful. And secondly, what is the nature of the dialogue the FDA on ELIQUIS' resubmission? Is there daily discussions? Are any new questions arising? Are any of the questions that are arising requiring clarification or are there no questions? And if so, what does that mean?
Elliott Sigal: Okay, Steve. Taking ELIQUIS first, we typically don't comment on the daily interactions with the FDA. For you, I'll make an exception today. It's -- this is a very good interaction. There are frequent interactions, just for clarification. I do not expect any new questions, as I said before. I feel the answers should be sufficient for a decision and we're moving forward. I just -- I think I'm encouraged that, as I said at the beginning, the FDA has a willingness to work expeditiously with us. With regard to the question on PD-1, as in most Phase III trials, there are interim analyses built in to our squamous, non-small cell lung cancer, as well as non-squamous non-cell lung cancer and the renal trials. The -- I don't have a prediction on when. We usually don't announce the interim studies, but the regulatory pathway for each indication will be determined by the results. I can assure you that we do have an aggressive program to properly qualify this with the feeling that if the data continues to evolve the way it is, it will meet a very important unmet medical need, and there's great enthusiasm in the field as well as in the regulatory agencies.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seamus Fernandez with Leerink Swann.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: And just to follow-up on Steve's question on PD-1. Elliott, maybe you can just give us your thoughts on the PDUFA 5 and I guess a little bit of the FDA's new breakthrough kind of treatment paradigm, and again, what that might mean as it relates to the need for survival data versus response rate data, specifically in squamous non-small cell lung cancer given the unmet medical need there as it relates to PD-1? And then you guys are making what seems to be unusually strong statements behind the SAVOR study. This is the CV outcome study, obviously. Just can you give us a sense of -- in the meta-analysis, that you've conducted on CV outcomes? Have you actually looked at that on top of statins? And are you seeing a comparable sized effect in the meta-analysis and patients that were also on statins?
Elliott Sigal: Okay, Seamus, I think it's too early for me to be able to comment on how PDUFA 5 will impact practice. I think it is important the way the agency has tried to balance the amount of time allocated, so that we may have more predictability, perhaps more first-cycle approvals at the cost of some, perhaps, less time upfront. I do sense that there's great interest in breakthrough therapies, certainly the oncology division's approvals go forward the PDUFA dates even now would indicate that. And the enthusiasm we see on some of our drugs that offer breakthrough possibilities would confirm that, although one has to wait to see the final profile and the benefit-risk in all these cases. We are making people aware of SAVOR, but there is no new information until we see the results of the Phase III trial. We were encouraged to do long-term cardiovascular assessments initially of new diabetes agents, as you remember, primarily to rule out cardiovascular harm. We took the position that these should be -- it should be done in a way to detect a benefit if there was one. We were struck with the prescribed meta-analysis in our own program to rule out harm that the hazard ratio was very, very favorable for saxagliptin. And we noticed that others have made a similar calculation and the meta-analysis across all, and I would emphasize, short-term trials, is encouraging. So what we have now is a hypothesis. There is biological plausibility that there are other substrates involved that are affected favorably with DPP4 inhibition, but the mechanism should it exist as relatively unclear. The reason we point this out is because we've had a great deal of enthusiasm enrolling this study. We've expanded this study and the timelines have been brought forward by maybe a year and hopefully, we'll see the data in-house the middle of '13.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Christopher Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of questions here. The first was on ELIQUIS. The roughly 1/3 of new-to-brand kind of patients who are going to novel agents. Is this in line with where you would've expected share to stand at this point with Xarelto and Pradaxa? And I guess, the question is, are you thus far finding that warfarin stickiness is as expected? Is it stickier? Is it less sticky maybe than you would've expected as you kind of think about this market evolving? The second question, ELIQUIS, there's obviously has been a lot of noise around Pradaxa out there. It's obviously a different mechanism, but do you see any risk that, that noise impacts the uptake of all novel agents, such as the patients are less willing to adopt a new agent because of, again, the noise that's out there? And then the final question is on shifting gears to hep C. The triple combination moving into Phase III in 2014, will that be with a single pill you commented on earlier or is the single pill a future program?
Elliott Sigal: I'll start with hepatitis C. The triple regimen is starting some time in early '14 as of now. It must await expansion of our ongoing Phase II that will give us more safety information on the third component, the NS5B. And it's also affording us the opportunity to do a fixed dose combination, which will be 1 pill, twice a day, and that's what we intend to use in the Phase III studies. On -- on ELIQUIS, Giovanni?
Lamberto Andreotti: Giovanni.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, on ELIQUIS, this is Giovanni. I would say the following. First of all, clearly, we are following -- we followed from the beginning the launch uptake of Pradaxa and Xarelto very carefully. As we've commented several times, there is a need to educate physicians over a period of time when you are changing a practice of medicine that has been established for a very long time, and that clearly has been the case with warfarin. And this is really the reason why you've seen the initial uptake and the reason why the uptake has been primarily in the specialist segment versus primary care physicians at the beginning. When I made the comment about 1/3 of NBRxs now being having shifted to the new agents, it's also important to remember 2 things: First of all, that percentage continues to grow; and second, that has been really the result primarily of a convenience perception with the new agents. We do have a very differentiated profile. As I mentioned before, efficacy, bleeding, those will be extremely important with the specialists and it will also be important to the primary care physicians. And that's why we see our ability to grow NBRxs and establish ELIQUIS as the leading new agent.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris [Charles] Butler with Barclays.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, it's Tony Butler. Two very brief questions. Elliott, one really on elotuzumab. We've heard some very good information coming out with respect to elotuzumab and multiple myeloma. And I'm curious -- I believe the refractory trial is due to complete enrollment quite soon. Will there be an interim analysis next year? And will we get a readout or when would you expect a readout of that total data? And then finally, for Lamberto, given the delays in ELIQUIS, I'm just curious how you keep the troops of the sales force motivated? Because I might expect that if they felt they would have launched earlier and given the FDA concerns, that's not going to necessarily -- that's not been the case. How do you continue to motivate them through this bit of low period?
Elliott Sigal: Yes, Tony, this is Elliott. I'll take the question on elotuzumab, which is our essentially another immuno-oncology approach, this time, focused on a specific antigen that's relevant to multiple myeloma. We are anxiously awaiting these trials. We're going to have to wait a little longer for the final Phase III, which should come in early 2014 in one study, maybe the second quarter of 2014 in the third study. And these studies involve both relapsed multiple myeloma patients as well as relapsed -- or refractory multiple myeloma patients.
Lamberto Andreotti: So let me take your question on the motivation of the sales force. Everybody at Bristol-Myers Squibb is disappointed because of the delay of ELIQUIS, not only the salesforce. The good thing is the entire company believes in what we are doing, so there is a strong motivation and a strong belief in our strategy and you'll find this throughout the entire corporation, which I find very encouraging and I'm very proud of. The sales force is not idle and Giovanni, you can explain what the ELIQUIS sales force is doing today waiting and be ready for the launch of ELIQUIS.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, we've clearly been training our sales teams. They've been doing business planning and preparation for launch, but we've also been able to leverage the ELIQUIS sales force, particularly in the hospital in support of our diabetes franchise. So they're -- they've been working on our diabetes franchise and they'll be moving to ELIQUIS as soon as we receive approval.
John E. Elicker: Elliott, did you want to follow-up?
Elliott Sigal: Yes, there was a question I didn't fully answer earlier about whether the Pradaxa issues should or will cloud the perception around the 10as. I don't think we should consider these all the same class, they're not. They're not -- they may be oral approaches to anticoagulation, but clearly, there's a 10a class and a Factor IIa class, the thrombin inhibitors. They behave differently preclinically, they behave differently clinically. We chose specifically 10a for the ability to get a wider therapeutic window to get more efficacy and less bleeding. The issues around Pradaxa in terms of GI disturbance have led to about 15% of discontinuations, doesn't exist in the profile that we have. And I think because we went after this mechanism and the BID dose, we have less bleeding than the other agents with more efficacy. And so those are clear differentiating points that I hope we can make clear to the practicing public.
Operator: Last question comes from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I guess I'll just keep it relatively brief. My questions are for Elliott. Elliott, I was just hoping that you could walk us through what we should expect with respect to PD-1 data disclosures over the next 9 months or so. Will we see any press releases before ASCO? Or is it really going to be sort of the May, June timeframe for the next efficacy updates on PD-1? And then second, with respect to the saxagliptin SAVOR study, typically, we think about cardiovascular trials ending a year early as entailing risk that the active drug and the drug being studied is not successfully keeping people healthier over a longer period of time, but you did increase the size of that study by, I think, about 1/3. And so anyway, could you just juxtapose those 2 and tell us how we should think about the SAVOR trial?
Elliott Sigal: The SAVOR trial is enrolling well. We had no difficulties. We wanted to increase the targeted enrollments so that we could increase the number of events that we would have over a given period of time and that has resulted in an earlier potential readout. And I won't have any more information to -- other than to repeat that, in the middle of the year, internally, we hope to see the result of that trial. With regard to data flow on PD-1, we've just started our Phase III. I do know, at this point, targeted for ASCO. We will have updated studies that will help characterize even further response and durability from our early studies in multiple tumor types, and we will have a combination data of PD-1 with ipilimumab and melanoma. And at this point, that's, I think, the next data point to think about.
John E. Elicker: Great. Thanks for your questions. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes, let me close this call saying that, again, this was a challenging quarter for us at Bristol-Myers Squibb, but it's also a quarter that demonstrated our ability and our determination to straight through to our strategy. A quarter that underscored our commitment to building a solid foundation for the future and as such, one that reaffirms my optimism about our future. Okay. Thank you everybody. Thank you.
John E. Elicker: Great. Thank you, Lamberto, and thanks everybody for joining the call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's presentation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker - Investor Relations Executive Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee Charles A. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Elliott Sigal - Chief Scientific Officer, President of Research & Development, Executive Vice President, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee Giovanni Caforio - President of U.S. Pharmaceuticals Beatrice Cazala - Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations
Analysts: Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Risinger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Marc Goodman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gregory B. Gilbert - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Catherine J. Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Steve Scala - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Christopher Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Just a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Mr. Elicker, please go ahead.
John Elicker: Thanks, Debbie, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us this morning to discuss our second quarter results. With me this morning for prepared remarks are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Charlie Bancroft, our CFO. And then joining for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Giovanni Caforio, President of the U.S. Pharmaceuticals Business; and Beatrice Cazala, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations. Before I turn it over to Lamberto, let me cover the Safe Harbor language. During the call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, John, and first of all, congratulations for your promotion and expanded responsibilities. Good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, we lost the exclusivity of PLAVIX in the U.S., after having lost the exclusivity of AVAPRO and AVALIDE towards the end of the first quarter. These 2 events did not come unexpected. And in fact, we have worked for years to get ready for them and to transform our company. I feel good about our progress in the full transition to our portfolio of the future. When I look at sales, exclusive of PLAVIX and AVAPRO/AVALIDE, I'm pleased to see 8% year-over-year growth for the rest of our portfolio. And this is despite the significant weakening of many currencies versus the dollar. Importantly, the sales growth came from a portfolio of products that is innovative, is diversified, covers a range of therapeutic areas and spans across multiple geographies. All these factors provide the foundation for the future success of our company. With respect to our long-term growth, as we've been saying for some time, business development is a top priority and a key part of our company's balanced approach to capital allocation. Having completed the acquisition of Inhibitex in the previous quarter, I'm very excited about our recently announced planned acquisition of Amylin and the resulting expansion of our partnership with AstraZeneca. The strategic rationale for this acquisition is clear. There is significant unmet medical need in diabetes, and there is a real demand for different, but complementary treatment options. We see particular value from Amylin to market its GLP-1 products, BYETTA and BYDUREON. They are already approved in the U.S. and in Europe. They complement our current portfolio and will enable us to offer a more comprehensive disease management solution to patients, health care providers and payors. In addition, for reasons we have explained before, we believe this transaction is a logical expansion of our successful alliance with AstraZeneca, with which we have collaborated since 2007. We expect that by leveraging the existing Bristol-Myers Squibb-AstraZeneca sales force, our capabilities in access and our marketing experience will significantly broaden the prescriber base and drive increased adoption of Amylin's GLP-1 franchise. We also recognize the great value of Amylin's U.S. endocrinology capability as having the potential to enhance the promotion of our existing ONGLYZA franchise. Finally, we look forward to integrating Amylin's state-of-the-art plant in Chester, Ohio into our global manufacturing network. Again, I'm very excited about these opportunities. We will be ready to move forward as quickly as possible after the transaction closes. Also related to diabetes, and as you know, we are waiting for the European Commission's decision on the marketing authorization of FORXIGA in the second half of the year.  Switching from diabetes to oncology, at ASCO in June, we built on our leadership position in immuno-oncology with a presentation of compelling data on our investigational anti-PD-1 immunotherapy, which was simultaneously published in the New England Journal of Medicine. The data showed potentially meaningful responses in 3 advanced cancer types: lung cancer, kidney cancer and melanoma. Based on these encouraging results, we plan to begin our Phase III program in lung cancer and renal cancer in the coming months, with Phase III in melanoma expected to start later this year or early next year. Finally, as you know, we received a complete response letter on the new drug application for ELIQUIS for the prevention of stroke and systemic embolism in patients with atrial fibrillation. We have met with the FDA and have a clear path forward. On balance, our second quarter performance sets a good foundation for the future of our company. We are confident with our new and key products and continue to position Bristol-Myers Squibb for success and that our portfolio of the future can get us where we need to be for sustained long-term growth. With that, let me turn it over to Charlie, who will give you some additional information and walk you through some of our numbers. Thank you. Charlie?
Charles A. Bancroft: Thank you, Lamberto. This was an important quarter for the company as we officially move past PLAVIX and AVAPRO and take another step towards our transition to the portfolio of our future. In the second quarter, we delivered non-GAAP EPS of $0.48. We reported second quarter net sales of $4.4 billion, down 18% compared to last year due to the loss of exclusivity of PLAVIX and AVAPRO. Volume was down 19%, price was favorable by 3% and foreign exchange had a negative 2% impact on sales. As Lamberto mentioned, global sales grew 8%, excluding PLAVIX and AVAPRO. Overall, we are pleased by the trends of our key brands that are important to our future growth. Let me provide a few highlights. We continue to make progress with YERVOY and are focused on delivering longer term growth. During the quarter, we reported YERVOY sales of $162 million, with U.S. sales of $121 million. Demand in the U.S. was up approximately 7% sequentially compared to the first quarter. As we look forward, we are focused on ensuring that physicians and all stakeholders understand the potential for long-term survival. We also continue to focus on extending our prescribing base in the community setting. As you know, the process for getting access and reimbursement in Europe takes time, as negotiations take place in each country, and we believe we are making good progress. In markets where we have access such as the U.K. and Germany, we are outperforming most recent oncology product launches. Our virology franchise had a very strong quarter, with BARACLUDE delivering sales growth of 22%. Sales of SUSTIVA and REYATAZ were up 5% and 3%, respectively. International sales of REYATAZ were positively impacted by timing of orders from both Russia and Brazil. ONGLYZA franchise sales were $172 million, up 54% compared to last year. Going forward, we are focused on driving adoption earlier in treatment as the first add-on to metformin, leveraging our head-to-head data versus SU as used in our label update for the use of ONGLYZA in combination with insulin. SPRYCEL was up 26% in the quarter. We continue to make share gains in both first line and the continued expansion of the second line opportunity. The ORENCIA franchise was up 27%. Our IV volume continues to outperform the market, up 4% in the quarter. ORENCIA subQ, which was launched in the U.S. at the end of last year, had sales of $44 million in Q2, up 42% sequentially compared to Q1. Given the CHMP positive opinion, we are preparing for a potential launch of subQ in Europe later this year. Now let me give you just a few comments from the rest of our P&L. I will focus my remarks on our non-GAAP results. As John mentioned, reconciliations to our GAAP results are available on our press release and on our website. Gross margin was 75.3%, up 220 basis points compared to second quarter last year. This favorability was primarily driven by foreign exchange. Marketing, selling and administrative expenses decreased 3%. Increased investment behind new brands was offset by spending related to PLAVIX and AVAPRO. Looking forward, you may recall that in Q4 2011, we increased investment spend and recorded certain onetime expenses, which we do not expect to recur this year. Advertising and promotion expenses were down 11%, reflecting decreased spend behind PLAVIX and AVAPRO, partially offset by investment in new brands. R&D increased 5%, driven by overall portfolio spend. The effective overall tax rate was 25.3% in the quarter, the decrease compared to second quarter 2011 is primarily due to earnings mix. Now turning to guidance. You have seen that we have confirmed our 2012 non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.90 to $2, which includes the estimated $0.03 dilution related to the planned acquisition of Amylin. Given the P&L impact from the acquisition after we close, we are not updating our line item guidance at this time. I will point out that our year-to-date sales and expenses are generally in line with our expectations. We plan to provide an update to our line item guidance on our third quarter call. We still expect full year PLAVIX sales to be approximately $2.7 billion. I will now turn it over to your questions.
John Elicker: Thanks, Charlie. Debbie, I think we're ready to go to questions. Just as a reminder, in addition to Lamberto and Charlie, we have Elliott, Giovanni and Beatrice here for any questions you might have. Debbie?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Lamberto, you mentioned that you recently met with the FDA on ELIQUIS and now have a path forward. Can you please share that with us, specifically what the FDA is requiring, and if you could please give us a sense of the time line? And secondly, maybe Elliott is on the phone, if you could talk to the recent anti-PD-1 trial that was just posted on clinicaltrials.gov. I understand this is a lung cancer study. If you could talk about the time line, the trial design and if there are any interim analysis built in so that we can just think about the potential for the timing of commerciality?
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. Thank you for your questions. I will let Elliott go into more detail. What I want to say is that we are confident in the path forward, as I said. And very important, we are also confident in the differentiated profile we have for ELIQUIS in atrial fibrillation, which is an area of high unmet medical need. So we have double confidence here. And Elliott, maybe you want to elaborate a little bit more on what we see in front of us from a regulatory point of view and then take the PD-1 questions of Jami?
Elliott Sigal: Yes, Jami, I'll reiterate Lamberto's statement that our confidence in the results from the ARISTOTLE trial and the AVERROES trial has not changed. I think it is significant that we've already met with the FDA, that the FDA set a meeting date to discuss how to move forward after the Complete Response Letter on the day that we were issued the Complete Response Letter, and that meeting has already taken place. I went into the meeting cautiously optimistic that we could move this application forward. And that confidence has increased. We understand what the FDA is asking for and already working on providing that information. The FDA, along with both sponsors, are committed to working expeditiously to address the outstanding questions and move the application forward. As we stated in our press release last month, the Complete Response Letter details the request for additional information on data management and verification from the ARISTOTLE study. And this was a complex, large trial over multiple years, involving 18,000 patients. The operational complexity of conducting a program of this size with a significant number of patient records is an important consideration in the FDA's review. I believe everybody understands the significance of the results and the significance of the differentiated profile, and so their due diligence on every detail and their meticulous aspect of the review, I think, is understandable. I will emphasize the questions raised do not relate to the primary or key secondary endpoints and do not contest the validity of our database. Importantly, the Complete Response Letter does not request that we conduct any additional studies. I can't be too predictive about time lines other than to say that the FDA regulations are that they have the option to take up to 6 months to review our response once it's submitted. We're working ferociously to submit this application and know exactly what to do. We're already working with the agency in a collaborative manner, and I think that it's possible our submission can be completed within a shorter time frame than the allowable 6 months after submission. I will say we are proud to have been able to get ELIQUIS filed in all 3 major markets, the U.S., Europe and Japan, within several months of each other. We're working on all 3 continents with health authorities to bring this differentiated profile to patients as soon as possible. Jami also asked a question about PD-1 and you must have picked up something that just came across the wire from clinicaltrials.gov. And this is our first Phase III trial for anti-PD-1, this time in lung cancer. I will step back and mention that the mechanism involved here is to unleash the immune system to attack the cancer cells that are invading the body. This is a natural mechanism, and cancer has a way of putting this mechanism into check. Anti-PD-1 removes that break and allows the immune system to attack cancer cells. This is true with YERVOY, and this is true with anti-PD-1 by a different mechanism. The data we presented from our Phase I/II study at ASCO are very important, and we have acted in a data-driven manner to accelerate and expand the anti-PD-1 program. Interim results showed that this therapy is clinically active in non-small cell lung cancer, metastatic melanoma and renal cell carcinoma, importantly with durable responses in many patients and an acceptable and manageable safety profile. And we've seen activity at multiple dose levels. So we have designed multiple Phase III programs and are working with health authorities around the world. Today, it's become public that our first Phase III study in lung cancer will address the significant unmet medical need in the histology of squamous cell, non-small cell lung cancer and in second line. Importantly, this is a monotherapy trial involving over 250 patients, is compared in a controlled manner with an active control, docetaxel. The primary outcomes are both response rates and overall survival. This Phase III program will also include earlier lines of therapy and different histologies and other tumor types, including renal cell and melanoma. And these Phase III programs will begin this year in all 3 tumor types.
Operator: We'll go to David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And thanks for that pipeline detail, Elliott. I have another pipeline question. If you could just provide updated commentary on dapagliflozin? And then with respect to YERVOY, when should we expect to see the prostate Phase III results? And then, finally, a commercial question. Regarding YERVOY in the U.S., how should we think about the second half U.S. outlook versus the first half of '12? Should we expect growth in the second half of this year versus the first half U.S. YERVOY sales?
Elliott Sigal: Yes, David. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: If you're ready with the pipeline answers, why don't you go ahead, Elliott. I want to say a couple of things about YERVOY.
Elliott Sigal: Well, Lamberto, I was going to update people on dapagliflozin and then YERVOY prostate results. Dapagliflozin, we're pleased to have received a positive opinion from the CHMP in Europe in April. And we've always believed in the benefit/risk of the drug, and we're glad to see this is recognized in Europe. The next step is EU approval decision, which we expect to occur in the second half of this year, 2012. I would add that it's very exciting with our potential acquisition of Amylin to be a company that looks to the future with all 3 modern mechanisms, SGLT2, DPP-4 and GLP-1, in a franchise to offer patients and physicians options across a spectrum of the disease. And these 3 offerings may well occur first in Europe. In the U.S., we are disappointed to have received a Complete Response Letter. In the CRL, the FDA is requesting more clinical data to allow better assessment of the overall benefit/risk profile. In contrast to ELIQUIS, the path forward is not as clear as I would like. However, we are collaborating with the FDA to define our options for a path forward in this important mechanism. YERVOY's life cycle management program continues beyond melanoma. And our prostate trial that began several years ago, we think we will have results at least internally in the second half of next year.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes, eventually, we'll move to YERVOY. Before moving to YERVOY, just one additional comment on FORXIGA. We are -- we, as a company, all of us at the company, we are very convinced of the good benefit/risk profile of FORXIGA so we are all behind moving this product forward in the U.S. and elsewhere. Speaking about YERVOY, I would like Giovanni to elaborate on what we have done and what we are going to do in the U.S. But before I ask you to do that, Giovanni, the one thing I want to remind everybody is that we had a particularly strong launch last year. I mean, we established YERVOY with a very strong launch last year, and YERVOY continues to perform. So when you look at the $162 million of reported sales this quarter, we are encouraged by those sales on top of a strong launch last year. YERVOY is growing in the U.S., growing in Europe, especially -- it's growing in Europe, in the countries where access is established. And elsewhere, we are working elsewhere in Europe. And elsewhere in the world, we are working at establishing access and reimbursement. So YERVOY is doing well. And though the BRAF-positive segment is highly competitive, we see continuous growth in the future, both in the U.S. and international. So Giovanni, why don't you elaborate on the U.S.?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. As Lamberto mentioned, we are building on a very successful launch in the first 12 months. And in Q2, in the U.S. specifically, we've made progress and grew sequentially our sales 4% and our demand 7% versus the previous quarter, versus Q1. Yes, we believe that YERVOY can grow further in the U.S., and we are very focused on continuing to educate physicians about the long-term survival benefit. And there are different ways you can look at the melanoma market. So from the perspective of the institutional and the hospital setting, we've been very successful in that segment, and we have good penetration with YERVOY. Physicians and patients in the U.S. are increasingly understanding within that setting the value of the long-term survival benefit of YERVOY. And we do see continued opportunities for growth in that segment, building on a very strong base. The process of educating physicians in the community setting is also progressing. But that is a slower and a longer process because many physicians see only very few patients a year. So the community setting is also an area of focus for us and where we can make significant inroads, but over time. There are also, obviously, very significant dynamics, different dynamics in the market depending on the BRAF status. The BRAF-positive segment, as Lamberto mentioned, remains very competitive. And we believe that physicians, as they continue to gain experience with the 2 novel agents and they continue to focus on long-term outcomes, will actually -- YERVOY will play an increased role in this segment over time. In the BRAF-negative population, YERVOY has a good penetration, but older agents are still getting usage. And so there is still room to grow and in that population as well and this is the immediate priority for us. So in summary, as we think about the second half, we are building on a very strong base. The market will continue to evolve over time. We will continue to focus on the long-term survival profile of YERVOY through our customer model, and we see the room for continued adoption of the product in the U.S.
Operator: We'll go to Tony Butler with Barclays.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Lamberto, I have 2 questions. Lamberto, the first one is really around how should we think about both REYATAZ and SUSTIVA later -- for the remaining part of this year and maybe even into 2013, given the assumption of a quad launch sometime in the next couple of months? And more importantly, what are you doing commercially to actually increase that share of voice in those -- for those 2 products? And then, the second question, I suspect, is for Elliot. Elliott, could you comment on what data sets you may be willing to share with us that would be presented at AALSD (sic) [AASLD] later this year?
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes, Tony, when we think about HIV, one thing that we must remind people of is that we have been leaders in this space for many years. And we have 2 of the leading products in HIV. REYATAZ is the #1 PI in the U.S. and ATRIPLA is the #1 HIV regimen in the U.S. So we have continued to establish these products despite a competitive market. I mean, there have been increasing competition over the years, and these products still hold and hold very well. So you're right, there will be increased competition in the future. But we believe that these 2 products, well supported as they are, will -- are -- and established amongst physicians and patients are going to hold and hold very well. Giovanni, you want to add something here?
Giovanni Caforio: I just like to reiterate and confirm, yes, the market is extremely competitive, and we also understand the level of competitive pressure will increase because of the inroads that recently launched products will -- are making and also the potential entry of new products in the next 12 to 24 months. I would say given that physicians and patients are very experienced and satisfied in existing agents and the existing regimens, that new products will need to meet a high threshold for differentiation in order to be accepted broadly. Having said that, we do believe that new entrants will have a place and especially in the treatment of naive patients and will have an impact in the market. From our perspective, as Lamberto mentioned, we have a very strong franchise with 2 leading agents. ATRIPLA continues to be the first most prescribed regimen in the U.S., and REYATAZ is the most prescribed protease inhibitor in the market. And they are clearly supported by very strong clinical data. Physicians are used to prescribing those 2 agents, and patients are very comfortable with them. Now given how important the franchise is to us, we are absolutely not underestimating the pressure that will come from new competitors. A couple of things I would say is we are well resourced commercially, and we are fully committed to support the 2 products appropriately. We also are very well prepared to respond and so we will continue to focus on this.
Elliott Sigal: Tony, you asked a question about what we might present at the liver meetings on our hepatitis C program. We will be presenting because we now have safety data from the Phase II study called 003, that was started by Inhibitex with the Inhibitex nucleotide 189 on top of standard of care in genotype 2 and 3 patients. And we expanded this study in May to include arms that combine our 5A inhibitor, daclatasvir/ribavirin N-189, as well as an exploratory cohort of daclatasvir plus 189, all in genotype 1. So we expect to present initial data from the study 003, and that will be, I think, significant in terms of our assessment of safety. We also expect to present additional data from the daclatasvir plus the nucleotide from Gilead, in combination -- in the combination trial. Specifically, we expect to present the SVR12 data from 24 weeks of treatment. We may well have SVR4 data from the 12-week arm from the study, and it'll be unclear at this time whether it'll be available for the presentation, but we will try to make it available if we have it and if we meet the time lines. I will say that you may have noted that we also recently posted our internal Phase IIb trial on 189 plus daclatasvir that will begin recruiting soon.
Operator: We'll go to Tim Anderson with Sanford Bernstein.
Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: If I can go back to ELIQUIS, can you frame out the earliest best case time line for answering the Complete Response Letter? I'm wondering if you could be as quick as something like 2 to 3 months, I would imagine there are certain physical limitations on how long it would take to validate data and trial sites, but I just don't know what that would be. And then, going back to dapagliflozin in Europe, given the positive opinion in April, it seems like you should have already received final approval and I'm wondering if additional questions have come up in Europe kind of like they have in the U.S. And can you confirm that the major regulatory issue at this point in the U.S. is the cancer signal?
Elliott Sigal: Tim, this is Elliot. With regard to dapagliflozin, FORXIGA, in Europe, we're waiting for the EU decision that follows the CHMP-positive opinion. That decision takes a variable amount of time. We are expecting it now in the second half of '12. The issue in the U.S. is the judgment of benefit versus risk. And as I mentioned before, we're working with the FDA on paths forward for that. With regard to the time lines on ELIQUIS, again, I think it's difficult to predict. I'll have to restate the fact that once we submit, and we're working very hard over the next 6 weeks to answer as many, if not all, the questions as we can, there could be a -- up to a 6-month review period. But the way the engagement is occurring, it is possible that the FDA will not require that full 6 months.
Operator: We'll go to Seamus Fernandez with Leerink Swann.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: So just to follow up on, Elliott, on those last comments on ELIQUIS. You mentioned it's -- there was -- I believe you mentioned a 6-week time frame and then possible -- and that they're working diligently with the FDA. In terms of that diligence with FDA, does FDA physically have to participate in any of that work process or workup, i.e. is there a necessity for any site inspections really is the question at the end of the day? And then, separately, on anti-PD-1, just to follow up on Jami's question. Can you -- I think she asked about the possibility of an interim analysis and whether that would be incorporated into the study or not. But I guess, my question is could response rate -- are those co-primary endpoints? And could response rate possibly be the driving force behind an earlier-than-expected approval?
Elliott Sigal: Seamus, this is Elliott. I'll take the questions in reverse order. We don't have any more to announce today other than the Phase III trial that is starting to recruit in August. I did say that, in a data-driven way, we are looking at accelerating the program and broadening the program since that is required both by the unmet medical need and the data, and we have a good working relationship with health authorities. With regard to ELIQUIS, I think you specifically asked site inspections, as far as I know at this time, are well behind us. And I believe it's a matter of working together on what we will submit, hopefully, sometime in early September.
Operator: We'll go to Marc Goodman with UBS.
Marc Goodman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First, for the 2013 $1.95 kind of guidance that you've given us, can you talk about push pulls that have occurred since then that we should be thinking about and how we should think about that number? Second, can you just give us an update on ELIQUIS, what's happening OUS and where we are there and how we should be thinking about reimbursement? And then third, just on YERVOY, can you give us some numbers behind just what's happening there with share? I mean, what percent are actually getting BRAF tested these days, and what is your share kind of in the positive and negative patients?
Lamberto Andreotti: We can't answer on the guidance for 2013. As we stated at our last earnings call, we are less than a year away from 2013, and we will plan to provide guidance for 2013 in January of next year.
Charles A. Bancroft: Yes. Mark, I mean, there are some -- obviously, some pluses and minuses, BD, if we think of Inhibitex and Amylin acquisitions. FX is a headwind to U.S.-based multinationals. We've had pipeline pluses and minuses as well and then also the good progression, I would say, of our in-line product sales. So those are some of the key dynamics as we look at 2013.
Elliott Sigal: With regard to ELIQUIS regulatory activity, as I mentioned, we're working hard on all 3 continents. So we're interacting with health authorities in Japan and Europe, as well as in the U.S.
Beatrice Cazala: Regarding international, you are to remember that we have introduced ELIQUIS in PDP in Europe. So we're commercializing the product today in 14 countries including the top 5 EU. We are expecting to launch in the majority of them by the late '12. Reimbursement is going through. We are getting those reimbursements on a country-by-country basis. It's an interesting challenges as we are negotiating at the same time as our competitors are negotiating their A-fib indication. And obviously, we will be filing, hopefully, and we'll be getting our filing for A-fib soon. But at the moment, things are going well for PDP. It's creating an important milestone for the team because it not only validates the benefit/risk profile of the product in the hospital setting, but it also -- it gives the partnership between us and Pfizer a valuable experience as we are preparing our relationship to launch the A-fib with key customers.
Giovanni Caforio: And with respect to the segments of the melanoma market in our share, BRAF testing at this point is -- the penetration is very high. We estimate that to be between 70% and 80% in the market. With respect to our business with YERVOY, 70% approximately of our business is coming from first line, 30% of the business is coming from the second line setting. We see approximately the same percentage of the business, 50-50 coming from community and hospital. And it's very difficult to give a precise answer on shares in any of those segments because the numbers are very small. So we work through ranges. In the BRAF-positive segment, we clearly have a lower share, which we estimate to be in the 10% to 20%. And we have a significantly higher share, of course, above 50% in a BRAF-negative patient population. But again, these are ranges based on a very small number of patients.
Operator: We'll go to Gregg Gilbert with Bank of America.
Gregory B. Gilbert - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have 2 quick ones. First on anti-PD-1 and melanoma. Elliott, will you share whether this will be first or second line? And then I have a question about the GLP-1 market, not about market growth, which is obviously good, but on share. The BYETTA-BYDUREON franchise share has been slipping in the last few months. So can you put some color around, at least at a high level, how you plan to reverse that trend and whether reversing that trend was assumed in the deal model assumptions?
Elliott Sigal: Just quickly, Gregg, on anti-PD-1, we have plans for both first- and second-line melanoma.
Giovanni Caforio: And on GLP-1s, we are clearly very excited with the opportunity to be able to promote the Amylin portfolio after the closing, and the fact that BYETTA and BYDUREON added to ONGLYZA and KOMBIGLYZE position us with a very broad portfolio of agents in diabetes potentially across all of the important classes. So with respect to our plans, upon closing of the acquisition, we will be immediately focusing on building on a successful initial launch by Amylin and revamping the sales trajectory of BYDUREON by further advancing the access position and increasing the focus on educating primary care physicians on the value of BYDUREON. We think that today, the GLP-1s have been used and prescribed primarily by endocrinologists in the U.S. but there are many patients that are not treated by endocrinologists that could benefit from GLP-1s and BYDUREON. And with respect to our plans with AstraZeneca and the Amylin teams, we are actually very well positioned to accomplish this objective. We will be able to leverage, as Lamberto mentioned earlier, our commercial experience. We have significant capabilities to improve access and affordability programs. We have existing diabetes sales forces, which can be deployed rapidly. And we expect that we will be able to significantly broaden the prescriber base and increase the adoption of the products. So this is in line with our plans from the beginning. Finally, we also believe that the successful launch of BYDUREON does not necessarily need to come at the expense of BYETTA, and we see the potential for the 2 formulations of exenatide to be quite complementary. Because of the fact that a twice-daily formulation has better effects on post-meal spikes and the indications of BYETTA over time, we would expect to see BYETTA usage as an adjunct to patients taking daily insulin to treat their disease and that's clearly later stages of the disease. And with the weekly convenience and the better nausea profile of BYDUREON, we think they will be valued by patients at an early stage of the disease. So we will be thinking about both agents within the franchise, and we'll be focusing on supporting the performance of both.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. And outside of the U.S., the responsibility of these products is in the hands of Lilly. We had some good initial contacts with Lilly. I spoke myself to their CEO. And soon after the closing, we will go into the details of how to transition the products from Lilly to Bristol-Myers Squibb and AstraZeneca. There is a transition plan already agreed upon between Amylin and Lilly, and we will do our best to accelerate the transition. And so far, Lilly has been very cooperative, and I don't expect them to change in the interest of everybody and especially of the patients that need this GLP-1 product for the 3 companies, Lilly, AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers Squibb, to move that.
Operator: Catherine Arnold with Crédit Suisse.
Catherine J. Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wondered if -- I want to go back to anti-PD-1. What's the earliest that we might see the sequential work you're doing with YERVOY in melanoma? And then secondly, what is the -- what's your current thinking on inclusion/exclusion criteria regarding tumor expression of PD-1 in any of the solid tumor trials that are beginning, ongoing in any way, and then even, for instance, in the future, non-squamous lung trial for instance? There's obviously a lot of competition in the space. I'm sure everybody's thinking about that.
John Elicker: Elliott?
Elliott Sigal: Catherine, if I understood the questions right, the sequential data on the anti-PD-1 -- I don't have a specific date when you'll see that information. But we will start our Phase III trials in melanoma. We first thought by the end of the year or early next year, I think it's going to happen this year, and we'll be finalizing those trials with the appropriate health authorities and publishing them as soon as they're finalized on clinicaltrials.gov. I believe your second question had to do with biomarkers, and we are -- we have a very robust approach to biomarkers in the PD-1 space, and including PD-L1 as a marker, so patients are getting biopsied. We're looking at whether there's a subgroup of patients that will help personalize this approach as precision medicine. And then the PD-1 in other solid tumors will -- is being evaluated. I think this is a very exciting opportunity in multiple solid tumors.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I had one question on -- obviously, business development has been very -- has been instrumental in all the success you guys have had over the last many years. I know Jeremy Levin departed the company several months back. So I just wonder if you could give us an update on what's happening with leadership within that part of the organization. And then, number two, I was wondering if you could give us your view on, if you have one, your view on the outcomes trial for BYDUREON, whether you think that's likely to work and also update on timing and how important that may be to adoption? And then, finally, maybe just to press a little bit more on ELIQUIS. You've obviously had lots of back and forth with the FDA now. Elliott, what will be your advice to investors in terms of assuming -- in terms of thinking about whether or not they'll actually give you a superiority claim on efficacy and bleeding? I recognize that you may not go very far in answering that but I want to ask.
Lamberto Andreotti: Maybe, I should ask -- I should take Elliott out of the embarrassment of saying that we'll not answer this question but up to you to decide, Elliott. Your question about business development, we have a very good team in charge of business development here. Elliott Sigal is the interim head of that team. As you can imagine, we are all very focused on business development here at Bristol-Myers Squibb. I mean, this quarter, we have announced one of the biggest acquisitions of our recent -- our biggest acquisition over recent past. So our BD machine is working very effectively, and senior management of this company, including myself, we are all very involved in business development.
Elliott Sigal: Mark, you had 2 questions that I might be able to help with. The outcomes trial with BYDUREON is certainly a focus of ours once the transition -- once the acquisition closes. We will talk with the Duke investigators that we're quite familiar with and heavily involved in. They reached out to us. I think the way to look at this is all 3 of our mechanisms have an opportunity to modify CV risk. And all 3 of our mechanisms with AstraZeneca will have outcomes studies because it's not enough these days just to lower sugar. One must do so as safe as possible, with few hypoglycemic events and offer something in addition. Glucose plus is what we call it. The weight reduction, the blood pressure reduction and the biochemical activities of all 3 mechanisms give us hope that the outcome trials will document CV reduction. And so we will be working on that outcomes trial. It will be several years before that's available, and I think the advantage of the first weekly diabetes medicine of BYDUREON will carry it a long way, and we're committed to enhancing the delivery of that medicine. With regard to ELIQUIS, no, I won't talk about discussions that aren't finalized. But I do believe very strongly that the data should be reflected in the label, that this is a highly differentiated product with 2 wonderful studies that document a low bleeding rate and a tremendous efficacy. And that's important to reflect to patients and physicians because of the significant unmet need of stroke reduction in atrial fibrillation.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Scala with Cowen.
Steve Scala - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I have 2 for Elliott. First, on ELIQUIS. Is the FDA concern relative to the 380 patients lost to follow-up? And if so, why is this an issue since these cases are equally balanced in the ARISTOTLE trial in the apixaban and control groups? And if this is the question, are you simply providing the detail on these patients and that is why the final results are not being questioned? So that's the first question. The second question is, if everything were to go extremely well for the PD-1 program, what -- in what year could the first indication be on the market? Could it be before 2015?
Elliott Sigal: Well, Steve, that's a good guess, but not something I can comment on nor something I have paid a lot of attention to on ELIQUIS. I would just go back to the statement that we are verifying the data management and validating aspects of the trial, that we think the endpoints are not being questioned, and we think this is a differentiated profile and I'll be able to explain more at an appropriate time. With regard to putting PD-1 into Phase III starting this summer, I think that we're trying everything possible to accelerate. And I don't have a prediction on when the Phase III trial or the registration will occur at this point. But as we move further, I'll be able to update people on that.
Operator: And we'll take our final question today from Chris Schott with JP Morgan.
Christopher Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just 3 fairly quick ones. First, can you just update on your -- us on your plans for PD-L1 where I think we saw some data at ASCO? Second, on the PD-1 in melanoma, can you just talk from a commercial standpoint your comfort the market can support pricing for the use of 2 immunotherapies, whatever order they come in, as you think about kind of developing the product in that setting? And then finally, switching gears to the Amylin acquisition. What's the time line over which you expect to see either an inflection point or some acceleration for the GLP-1 portfolio given your increased investment, these capabilities you've talked about? Is a 6 to 12 month kind of process post-deal close like a reasonable time frame? Or is this something that's going to take a bit longer to really see this franchise kind of hit the trajectory that you're hoping?
Elliott Sigal: Just quickly on PD-L1 and then I'll turn over to our commercial colleagues, Beatrice and Giovanni, on the other 2 questions. We have multiple options that we're evaluating for PD-L1 given the effort we're putting behind PD-1. There are some interesting applications of immune modulation that this mechanism may apply to, and specifically, we're looking at some in virology right now.
Beatrice Cazala: Yes, regarding the pricing question about PD-1, it's clear that we will first have to understand the full benefit of the product in terms of survival in melanoma. So once we have that, and we'll be able to understand also the approach to the regimen and where the drug should be used. You had also potential biomarkers. So when we fully understand the place of PD-1 in the sequential treatment for melanoma, we'll be able to determine what would be the achievable and acceptable pricing for the marketplace. This is very early days. We are learning a lot through our current activities with pricing and reimbursement and access in the U.S., obviously, but also around the world. So we will be fully prepared once we see the result of the trials to address those questions.
Giovanni Caforio: And on the Amylin portfolio, clearly, immediately after the closing, we will be extremely focused on a very rapid integration. There is good work ongoing in Amylin. At the beginning, we will focus on strengthening, advancing access. We think that's absolutely essential. We have a base to build on the endocrinology market and that can grow further. And clearly, as I said before, we will focus on the primary care segment and that will be an immediate focus. But obviously, increased penetration in primary care will happen over time.
Lamberto Andreotti: So thank you very much, everybody. In conclusion, this was an important quarter for Bristol-Myers Squibb. We are confident that both our new and key products and our pipeline will continue to position our company for long-term growth. And coupled with our disciplined approach to business development and continuing good work on our clinical trials, we are confident that -- in our company's progress as we look at our -- to our future. So thank you, everybody, and have a good morning.
John Elicker: Thank you, Lamberto. Thanks, everybody, for joining the call, and Tim Power and I are here for your follow-ups. Thanks, Debbie.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker - Investor Relations Executive Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee Charles A. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Elliott Sigal - Chief Scientific Officer, President of Research & Development, Executive Vice President, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee Giovanni Caforio - President of U.S. Pharmaceuticals Beatrice Cazala - Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations
Analysts: Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Alison Yang - Barclays Capital, Research Division Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Christopher Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Gregory B. Gilbert - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Marc Goodman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division John T. Boris - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Risinger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please standby. We are about to begin. Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call is being recorded. And now, your host for today's call, Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Public affairs. Mr. Elicker, please go ahead, sir.
John Elicker: Thanks, Rufus, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us to review our Q1 results. With me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. They'll both have prepared remarks. And joining us for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our Head of R&D; Beatrice Cazala, Commercial Operations; and Giovanni Caforio who runs our U.S. business. First, before we get started, let me take care of the legal requirements. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Well, thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. We have just completed another good quarter. The external environment is certainly not becoming easier, particularly in Europe. We had challenges across all dimensions, but Bristol-Myers Squibb is staying on course. We continue to execute our strategy in a consistent manner. Our focus remains balanced on both short-term results and long-term growth as we keep increasing our sales and earnings, while delivering clinical and regulatory results. Taken together, we started the year from a good position. With respect to sales, we grew by 5%, and this growth was broad-based and included some of our more recent product launches. I was particularly pleased with the performance of our virology franchise and other key in-line brands, including ORENCIA, SPRYCEL and ONGLYZA. For YERVOY, we had strong stable demand in the U.S., and I am particularly encouraged by improving U.S. trends in recent weeks and increased adoption in the European markets. With respect to regulatory developments, we are moving forward on multiple fronts, 2 of which are especially significant. Regarding FORXIGA, which for those of you who do not know it yet, is the brand name for dapagliflozin, we have received a positive opinion from the CHMP in Europe. We expect the decision on marketing authorization in a few months and together, with AstraZeneca, we are already planning for an eventual launch. We are glad about this European recognition of FORXIGA's benefit/risk profile for treating type 2 diabetes. And also, by the fact that the agency spoke specifically of the need for additional treatment options, while highlighting the significant unmet medical need in diabetes. We will work with the FDA to clarify a path forward in the U.S., and we continue the regulatory process in all other geographies. Regarding ELIQUIS, we are looking forward to the FDA's upcoming decision on the atrial fibrillation indication, which will hopefully be followed by decisions in Europe and Japan where we have also filed. In partnership with Pfizer, our focus now is on implementing the most effective launch plan. With respect to clinical developments, our pipeline remains robust and encouraging. As discussed at last week's EASL meeting, we are increasingly well-positioned to meet the unmet medical need of the 170 million people worldwide who are chronically affected by hepatitis C. The data presented highlighted the broad portfolio of HCV assets that we have today, including a first-in-class NS5A inhibitor and demonstrated our diversified hepatitis C strategy based on multiple mechanist and combinations. Thanks to the acquisition of Inhibitex and its potent nuc, we have broadened our portfolio of investigational HCV compounds and increased the potential opportunities to provide the right regimen for diverse patient populations. This is a high priority for our company, and we are devoting significant resources to it. We are also making good progress with our immuno-oncology late stage pipeline, from our YERVOY development program, exploring additional indications in prostate and lung cancer, to our work with anti-PD-1 and other potential important asset entering Phase III for renal cell carcinoma, non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma. We plan to present data on anti-PD-1 at ASCO. So we are moving forward on many fronts and maintaining our focus on balancing both short-term results and long-term investments, remaining firmly committed to commercial execution, as well as scientific advancement. This balance is particularly important as we continue to transition to our portfolio of the future and build a foundation for sustained long-term growth. With that, let me turn it over to Charlie who will give you some additional information and walk you through some of our numbers. Thank you.
Charles A. Bancroft: Thank you, Lamberto. We did have strong operating results to start the year. In the first quarter, we delivered non-GAAP EPS of $0.64, an increase of 10% over 2011. Sales growth across our key products was partially offset by an increase in investment spending. We reported first quarter net sales of $5.3 billion, up 5% compared to last year. Volume was down 1%, partially, driven by PLAVIX and AVAPRO, which I'll touch on later, price was favorable by 7% and foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on sales. As Lamberto mentioned, we are pleased by the trends of our key brands that are important to our future growth. Let me provide a few highlights. We continue to be encouraged by the performance of YERVOY. As the U.S. melanoma market continues to evolve, share for YERVOY was stable in the quarter, and as Lamberto stated, we have seen encouraging weekly trends over the past month or so. During the quarter, we reported YERVOY sales of $154 million, with U.S. sales of $117 million. In all markets where YERVOY is commercially available, we are focused on ensuring that physicians understand the long term survival profile of YERVOY. We continue to make progress on access and importantly, we received a permanent J code in the U.S. earlier this year, which has helped to reduce the reimbursement cycle times. As you know, the process for getting access and reimbursement in Europe takes time as negotiations take place in each country. We believe we are making good progress with positive decisions in Belgium and Netherlands this quarter. Our virology franchise had a very strong quarter with BARACLUDE and SUSTIVA delivering sales growth of 18% and 13%, respectively. International sales of REYATAZ were impacted by the timing of a tender in Brazil that occurred during the first quarter last year that we expect to occur in Q2 this year. The ONGLYZA franchise delivered $161 million of sales. In the U.S., the franchise delivered 10% prescription growth sequentially versus Q4, with KOMBIGLYZE up 22%. Going forward, we are focused on driving adoption earlier in treatment as the first add-on to metformin, leveraging our head-to-head data versus sulfonylurea, and our label update for the use of ONGLYZA in combination with insulin. SPRYCEL was up 34% in the quarter, reflecting successful commercial execution and the launch of the first-line indication. We continue to make share gains in both first-line and the continued expansion of the second-line opportunity. The ORENCIA franchise was up 28%. Our IV volume continues to outperform the market, up 4% compared to 1% for the overall market. ORENCIA subcu was launched during the fourth quarter last year in the U.S. and had sales of $31 million in Q1, which includes a modest impact from de-stocking. The prescribing physician base is broad, and we are encouraged by the business coming from new ORENCIA prescribers. Global sales for ABILIFY were flat. Total prescriptions in the U.S. were up 4%, outperforming the overall market, but reported sales were down 4% due to de-stocking and another step down in our Otsuka contractual share to 51.5%. Finally, you know that we are coming to the end of the market exclusivity period for PLAVIX and AVAPRO in the U.S. and have lost exclusivity in Canada. During the quarter, sales for PLAVIX and AVAPRO were down 4% and 29%, respectively, driven in part by U.S. prescription trends. Now let me just give you a few comments from the rest of our P&L. As John mentioned, I will focus my remarks on our non-GAAP results, where reconciliations to our GAAP results are available in our press release in our website. Gross margin was 75.2%, up 150 basis points compared to first quarter last year. This favorability was driven primarily by favorable product mix and foreign exchange. Marketing, selling and administrative expenses increased 8%. This was driven primarily by increased investment behind new brands. Also included was a $12 million bad debt expense in Europe. In terms of the rest of the year, we still believe that MS&A will decrease compared to 2011 per our guidance. You may recall that in Q4 2011, we increased investments and recorded certain onetime expenses which we do not expect to recur in 2012. Advertising and promotion expenses were down 9%, reflecting decreased spend behind PLAVIX and AVAPRO. R&D increased 2%, driven by overall portfolio spend. The effective overall tax rate was 26.7% in the quarter. The increase compared to first quarter 2011 is primarily due to 2 factors. Firstly, the R&D tax credit has not been extended yet. We assumed the extension on our full year guidance, but it will not be reflected until it is -- the rate is approved. Second, last year, we had certain discrete tax releases that did not recur in 2012. Now turning to guidance. You have seen that we have confirmed our 2012 GAAP and non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.90 to $2, and there is no change in our line item guidance. I would now like to turn it over to your questions.
John Elicker: Thanks, Charlie. And Rufus, I think we're ready to go to the Q&A. And just a reminder, that in addition to Lamberto and Charlie, we have Elliott, Beatrice and Giovanni here to answer any questions you might have. Rufus?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And for our first question, we go to Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I have a few questions related to the company's hep C program. Obviously, the data that was presented at EASL, the combination of your NS5A with Gilead's 7977, was very positive. My questions to you are this though. Just given Gilead's public stance that it is likely to develop its own combination, just if you can fill us in on what Bristol's development path forward is, and specifically where we are in the de-risking process of your own nuc? Secondly, will you comment on the study dose of 50 milligrams of 189? My question is this, is this a new consideration to go forward for the Phase III or is this part of the study design that has been in place? And then just thirdly, on your NS5A, what is the timing to getting that product to the market just according to clinicaltrials.gov, it looks like you're starting a Phase III trial for the genotype 1b population and just wondering what the sort of overall strategy is?
Elliott Sigal: Sure Jami. This it Elliott. Let met try to take those questions. First of all, we too are extremely excited by the field's reaction to very strong data presented at the European Liver Conference. This showed, for the first time, the combination of 2 oral agents achieved in a Phase II study, 100% cure of genotype 1 patients. Based on the strength of this data, we feel it's in the best interest of patients that the 2 companies pursue vigorously a clinical collaboration. And should Gilead decide to do that, we are quite open to discussions. Having said that, I am more confident than ever of the potential of our broad portfolio. The success of this trial validates our acquisition of Inhibitex, the addition of a very potent nuc, 189, to our hepatitis C portfolio. And we are -- we have plans to combine that agent with several agents, including, of course, daclatasvir, our lead 5A compound. If we step back a bit, we've been talking for some time as what it would take to achieve an all-oral regimen, and we're happy to be one of the handful of companies in the forefront here. There's some success, but there's some unanswered questions. It's clear now that monotherapy will not be sufficient. It's possible that just 2 agents will be sufficient. It's possible that a nuc may not be the only important ingredient. Some of the data presented at the conference mentioned a non-nuc. So our portfolio is very strong with the nuc, a non-nuc, a 5A, a protease and multiple collaborations. Some of the unanswered questions have to do with exactly which combination mechanisms are going to be required and whether 12 weeks or 24 weeks of an all-oral agent will be sufficient. And again, we have multiple options. So let me address first the plan for our 5A, which is well underway and where we are with the earlier program in our nuc and its progress. We believe that not all 5As are the same. Ours is differentiated first, and at present best-in-class. And we've presented important data with a protease, as well as with the nuc now. We started our Phase III program for daclatasvir in 2011, and we will continue to roll out additional studies throughout this year. Our Phase III program for daclatasvir will include studies in combination with other oral agents, as well as on top of interferon-based regimens. We will also have an active control for an approved protease inhibitor. Importantly, we see a major commercial opportunity in Japan, and we have started a Phase III combination trial, which is going very well, combining our protease inhibitor with our NS5A. We expect that this trial to be registrational, and it should complete in 2013. We also plan to start a related trial with the 5A and our protease inhibitor in null and partial responders, patients that are intolerant to PEG riba and also treatment naive patients that have the genotype 1b, and this will be a global trial relevant to the U.S. and Europe and other countries. The registrational trial will complete around 2014. In addition, adding this dual regimen on top of PEG riba forms a quad that we feel will be very useful in many situations for salvage. And we've had very encouraging Phase II data. This is moving into Phase III in the U.S. and Europe in null patients, and it's registrational program could complete in 2013. We also have several other trials where we add daclatasvir on top of interferon for special populations that will complete in 2014. Now I am, as I said, even more excited about our nuc from Inhibitex than at the time of registration because of the new data. You referenced a 50-milligram dose that would only be one possible dose we would use. We feel that there are multiple doses that are safe for human testing from 50 to 200. We will be getting more experience with 200 throughout this year. We will have safety data on a range of doses of 50 to 100, which we will at least have internally and hopefully talk about towards the end of the year. We will initiate a Phase IIb study later this year with our nuc in combination with NS5A with the range of doses, and this will help inform the doses and regimens to take forward in a 2 component all-oral agent into Phase III some time in 2013.
Operator: And for our next question, we go to Tony Butler with Barclays Capital.
Alison Yang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: My name is Alison Yang. I'm calling in on behalf of Tony Butler. I wanted to ask a couple of questions on ipilimumab. Firstly, could you give us a sense on first line and second line penetration based on BRAF status? Secondly, could do you comment on -- at ASCO we'll see a series of results from Roche's ZELBORAF, including BRIM, Break 3 [ph] and Break MB [ph]. How do you expect that, that's series of data will impact the volatility in that melanoma market?
Lamberto Andreotti: So let me start, this is Lamberto. Let me start with a couple of general comments about YERVOY and then I will ask Giovanni to continue. And Elliott, if you have to add something, please do it. First of all, let me say that, as you are all aware, this product YERVOY, is a very important product for metastatic melanoma patients, their physicians and of course, for our company. We are continuing to focus on ensuring that the truly differentiated long-term survival profile of YERVOY is well understood by oncologists in all the countries where it is commercially available. There is a lot of work behind this. As both Charlie and I said, in the U.S., we saw strong sales in Q1 and in addition, in recent weeks, we have been seeing some even more encouraging trend in demand. Though reimbursement and access environment outside of the U.S. continues to be somehow challenging, we continue to pursue -- ensure that as many patients as possible have access to YERVOY. And for those countries where the product is commercially available like Germany, we are glad to see that it is doing well and in the other countries we keep working diligently the pricing and reimbursement processes. Now Giovanni why don't you give some more color on -- about what we are doing of the U.S.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, good morning. This is Giovanni. As Lamberto said, we had a strong quarter in the U.S., with sales of $117 million, which is stable both in terms of sales and shares versus the previous quarter at a time in which the market continues to evolve. Going to your question, our share of new treatment initiations in the first quarter was again similar to Q4. We saw very high shares in BRAF negative patients across first and second line, and we continue to see using BRAF positive patients, including the first-line setting. At this point, approximately 70% of our business is coming from the first-line use and 30% of our business is coming from second line. Now as Lamberto also mentioned, in the last few weeks, we've seen encouraging trends in terms of demand and sales in the U.S. More importantly, as more physicians have become experienced with using YERVOY, we've seen that the perception of the product has continued to advance. Physicians are valuing increasingly the long term survival benefit for YERVOY and are becoming comfortable with its use. And we've seen continuing increase in the number of accounts ordering and using YERVOY. In terms of our thoughts regarding the transition in the market and further evolution of metastatic melanoma, I would say, the last 12 months have seen very, very significant changes in the market. We've gone from the use of old agents and the primary focus on palliation, to the adoption of new agents and the primary focus becoming the improvement of patient outcomes. And while that adoption of new agents has been quite rapid, that has been primarily the result of what is happening in the institutional setting, in the hospital setting and within the community, only in those physicians that are more experienced in melanoma and see more patients. But going forward, we see that the percentage of physicians in the community that are continuing to use older agents will shift over time to focus on survival. And when that happens, we will be very well positioned as YERVOY. So we're encouraged with the recent trends and the evolution of the market in the U.S. As a reminder, YERVOY has very strong long term survival data, and that is independent from BRAF status, and it applies broadly to all of the segments of the patient population in metastatic melanoma.
Operator: And we go next to Tim Anderson with Sanford Bernstein.
Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A couple of questions. On ELIQUIS, assuming you receive full approval at the June PDUFA, how quickly would you be ready to launch? And second question is on the commercial potential of hep C therapies, the patient pool is large, but for most patients, the disease is asymptomatic and even though the cure rates are high, with a largely silent disease like this, I'm wondering if the ramp up may not be quite as high and as fast as some are expecting. And if that's the case, then that kind of race to be first to the market may not be quite as important, and you could end up with a crowded category with a bunch of players where everyone takes a part of the market?
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes, Tim, it's Lamberto. If you can imagine, we are very excited about the opportunity to launch ELIQUIS in atrial fibrillation. We have a differentiated profile for a disease that there's still a very high unmet medical need like atrial fibrillation is. What I would like to add on the line is that, in addition to the great profile of the product, we have 2 strong companies, Pfizer and Bristol-Myers Squibb, with a strong legacy of success in CV commercialization getting ready for the launch and will behind both companies will behind the launch very effectively. We are preparing for the launch. We have been working with Pfizer to be ready sooner as we can to launch the product. And Giovanni, why don't you give some more color about what we are doing there?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, thank you, Lamberto. This is Giovanni. So building on what Lamberto said. Clearly, we are very focused on the profile of ELIQUIS and the differentiated profile of ELIQUIS not only versus warfarin, but also versus the other new agents, because of the benefit in efficacy, bleeding and mortality versus warfarin. Lamberto mentioned our and Pfizer's legacy in CV. In the U.S., we are also are very excited with the fact that we truly have complementary capabilities. We at BMS, for example, develop strong expertise in the hospital setting, Pfizer is very experienced with integrated healthcare systems in the U.S., and they clearly have with us a broad reach in primary care. So we are focusing very actively on preparing for launch, and working together to leverage our complementary capability and experience in this disease area. Regarding launch and uptake, we have learned that establishing early access and reimbursement is very critical to a successful launch. And that will be our focus in the first 4 to 6 weeks after we receive approval. During that period, which will likely be during the summer months, we will also be focusing on training our sales force and medical organizations to begin promoting and supporting the product. Once we begin to promote, we expect that the primary opportunity for ELIQUIS at launch will be to compete for new patient starts and patients who are no longer well-controlled on warfarin. And based on our profile, we plan on working to establish ELIQUIS as the leading new agent for these patients. Over time, as physicians become more comfortable with the profile of ELIQUIS and its overall value, we believe that other patient segments such as those on aspirin or switches from patients that are controlled on warfarin could become significant opportunities. In the long term, the size of the opportunity of ELIQUIS will ultimately be dependent on a number of factors: The incidence of A-fib and how it grows annually; the evolution of the percentage of patients that get treated; the share that new agents capture, and within that, our share with ELIQUIS; and finally duration of therapy. So in summary, we're excited with the profile of the product, with Pfizer as 2 companies which have significant experience in CV, but also complementary capabilities in the U.S. market. We're working very hard to prepare to launch, and we will be ready to execute the commercial launch when we're approved by the FDA.
John Elicker: And Beatrice, did you want to comment on the HCV opportunity?
Beatrice Cazala: So you're asking our views on the commercial opportunities and the way the market could shape up. You heard Lamberto talking about 170 million people worldwide. What's important to realize, it's only 20% of patients that are infected that are currently diagnosed. And only 10%, even less than 10% in some geography are treated. So the magnitude of the opportunity is significant. We know that physician, payers and patients are looking for safer and more tolerable regimen, with better cure rates and with shorter duration of therapy. Once this is available, we believe that there will be a rate of patient coming into the health care system that will need to be treated. So delivering on these advances could drive a strong expansion of the number of treated patient and result in significant commercial potential over time. When we looked at the various criteria for critical success factor, we are well aware, and we are analyzing those and monitoring them regularly. The change that this would create would impact significantly. At the moment, we have very conservative assumption. The potential increase in treatment rate with safer, easier to use, and more effective therapy will be also key. And we don't know yet which products will be there available and in which regimen. The share of patient treated with each regimen, because each regimen will be about efficacy, but it will also be about safety and individual patient tolerability and acceptance of those regimen. The payor response might be very different in different geographies to the development of novel treatment options, the price expectation [ph] and finally, the sequence as you mentioned of competitive launch is something very important. So working on those adds, you heard from Elliott the strength of our portfolio. We believe we will be ready for all scenarios because we have a very complete scope of products, and we mentioned the dias [ph], but we also as you know, have alonda [ph] interferon in development. So we feel that we are very well positioned to succeed adding and monitoring all the criteria for critical success factor in this market.
Operator: And we go next to Seamus Fernandez with Leerink.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Just very quickly, can you guys update us on what happens, and if there were any changes quarter-to-quarter with regard to stocking as it relates to ABILIFY and also if there were any trend changes on REYATAZ that you can just update us on quickly? Separately, with regard to the ELIQUIS launch, it sounds like you guys are talking about this as an incident-type patient population. Can you just remind us the size of the global patient population? And how we should be thinking about the sequence of the launch opportunity? It seems like incident patient population opportunities and new patient opportunities rather than switch opportunities have been relatively slow launches. And then the last question is with regard to ELIQUIS, some of the feedback that we continue to get from physicians on a regular basis has been with regard to inertia and part of that is related to the patient and the price of therapy and the cost of therapy associated with that. Obviously, access is a big part of that, but access is also baked to price globally. So maybe you can just talk to us about whether or not you think apixaban warrants a price premium or if you think a price premium is flawed? We've seen a different approach from Regeneron, where they came in at a lower price and have actually generated an absolutely phenomenal launch, at least in the short term.
Lamberto Andreotti: Let me say the following. Giovanni can you take ABILIFY and REYATAZ, and Beatrice to speak about the global opportunity and some of the access considerations on ELIQUIS. Obviously, we are not going to discuss the price that we are going to charge for ELIQUIS in the future. It's too early, and it is clearly -- we're not going to discuss it today. So Giovanni?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. Very quickly on the performance of ABILIFY and REYATAZ starting with ABILIFY. From a DRx perspective in the U.S., we continued to see strong performance for the brand. We grew 4% versus prior year in DRxes, which is significantly higher than the total market. We had some inventory work-down during the quarter, and the change in our agreement with Otsuka, which impacted net sales versus previous. But from a demand perspective, it's a really good picture with 4% DRx growth. REYATAZ, we also did grow 3% in demand versus the same quarter of last year. We continue to be the #1 prescribed PI. There are a lot of new competitors in the market, but we continue to have a very strong position in the marketplace.
Charles A. Bancroft: Yes. I would just add to that. Recall in my remarks, Seamus, around the tender business, which is quite large in Brazil to the government there. We didn't really have much of a tender in the first quarter this year. As I said, we expect it in Q2. And then last year, we did have the tender. So there was a timing issue there on a global basis for REYATAZ.
Lamberto Andreotti: Beatrice, on ELIQUIS?
Beatrice Cazala: Yes, regarding the global opportunity, you were asking the size. I mean, we have to recognize that there is about 10 million people which have today worldwide the A-fib conditions. So representing about 15% to 20% for stroke. So when you look at that, it's clear that there is a significant potential. So you are talking about where are the opportunities mentioning that, obviously, the new patient are easier because you don't have to switch them to get and again [indiscernible] as was already mentioned to you, of what we are going to do in the first stage of the launches. Overall, when we look at the global market, including switch for warfarin, an important part of what we want to achieve. You know that a lot of patient are not well controlled in terms of the INRs with warfarin. So understanding fully what control means over time. It's not going to be easy to convince everybody, but we believe we have a strong data, which will allow us to be able to access both segment of the market, both the naive patient, as well as the warfarin currently only-treated patients. So when you look at the sequences of launches and what could happen on a worldwide basis, it depends on the ability to get first the registration, and we are finding in most of the geography. But also the ability to get access, and I will mention in particular Europe, you mentioned some of the launches there. It's clear that based on what we are hearing as you know, ELIQUIS has been launched in some of the European market today, and we are gaining reimbursement. Relatively, I would say, positively across Europe. I don't know how much. In all the discussion we are having with the authorities on pricing, we feel very encouraged by the dialogues we have talking about our product, its profile, and they're asking us when are we going to come with A-fib. So we see a positive acceptance of our current profile with very important data we have on both ARISTOTLE and AVERROES. You also know that in some geographies, not just warfarin patient, those are important, but there's also aspirin-treated patients. There are many geography where it's aspirin that has been used because they don't and cannot use warfarin. So in those market with our data, we feel again, we have a unique opportunity versus some of our competitors regarding a broad scope of studies, allowing to face the different patient types. With that, you mentioning the speed of penetration, one has to realize that a lot of the patient are coming to the hospital first. And it's half of the population going to the hospital for diagnosis and treatment before going to the cardiologist and the PCP. And because of that, nature of the -- you need a certain time to establish formularies, to follow the patients through the continuum of care, to be able to follow the chain of treatment, all the way to the PCPs. So we have been working, Giovanni mentioning to you, but it in every geography we are looking at that very carefully to optimize our launch penetration.
Lamberto Andreotti: So let me add one comment on ELIQUIS. I have very many reasons to be proud of my R&D team. And Elliott and his team have done a great job also on ELIQUIS, and I'm very proud of the fact that this is a global filing. We have filed in the U.S., we have filed in the EU, and we have filed in Japan. So this is really a global successful approach to the development of our product.
Operator: And we go next to Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Christopher Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of follow-ups on those, and I appreciate those comments on ELIQUIS. One view that seems to be out there as part of the reason we saw PRADAXA quickly ramp then slow as the product captured a lot of the kind of low-hanging fruit in the market here of "really difficult to treat" warfarin patients. How are you kind of factoring that in as you kind of think of it being, while very differentiated product, the third kind of new oral coagulant -- anticoagulant kind of entering here and as you're thinking about the launch trajectory? The second question, you've mentioned again going after aspirin, going after existing warfarin patients, can you just give us a sense of just how long of a timeframe you are thinking here till those become a reality? Is that 1 year or 2? Is that 3 to 5 years? Just trying to kind of frame up how you're thinking about how long that opportunity takes to play out? And then just a final question and shifting back to hep C, markets obviously rapidly evolving, you've got a lot of assets, do you expect once the dust settles though, we're going to see 1 or 2 regimens really dominating globally? Or will this end up being a pretty fragmented market with a lot of different combinations used in different geographies, in different patient genotypes, et cetera? Just any comments there will be appreciated.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, this is Giovanni. Let me start in clarifying some of those comments I made earlier on ELIQUIS. You're right. As we think about the source of patients for ELIQUIS at the beginning, we do think that accumulation of early switch patients were probably already picked up by PRADAXA. And so as we think about the opportunity for ELIQUIS, the primary opportunity at the beginning will be to compete for new patient starts, and that's where our strong profile will be helpful there, and we will be focusing on that as a primary area of focus at the beginning. We did describe a sequence of opportunities in different segments of the market becoming available over time. That will take time. And it will be different one country and one market from the other, but we do see those segments becoming available over time, and our strategy will be to really think about the sequential approach.
Elliott Sigal: Yes, Chris, with regard to the hepatitis C market, I think at this time it's prudent for a company to envision some segmentation geographically. And our strategy is based on that. For example, in Japan, I see -- since the genotype of the virus is predominantly 1b, and we have very high cure rates in Phase II with the protease and the 5A, that oral regimen, I think, looks like it could have a very, very important contribution and hard to improve upon perhaps. And in the developing countries, specially with a predominance of the host genotype leading to a very good response of interferon-based regimen, and the access pressures being such that a lot of the new oral medicines may not be as attractive over there, we have a strategy based on improved interferon that will improve the number of patients and be a very good value to enable access without a very complicated or expensive regimen. With regard to the rest of the world, especially U.S. and Europe, I think we're off to the start of simplicity of perhaps 2 agents, and the question's whether it will be 12 weeks or 24 weeks. And then what to do with the smaller percentage of patients that don't respond to regimens. And our program, as you see, is directed in those large segments.
Operator: And we go next to Mark Schoenebaum with the ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I thought perhaps I'd address these for Elliott, if it's appropriate. Noticed you partnered with Medavir and Tibotec on their protease inhibitor. Are you interested in a partnership with Gilead or would you rather go it alone? The second question is some companies in the hep C space have said -- have made statements that the FDA might allow them to move into a Phase III trial, combining novel oral agents without a significant Phase II experience. Is that consistent or inconsistent with the feedback that you've gotten? And then finally, on your NS5A, Elliott, you mentioned you think it's best-in-class. I was wondering if you could help us understand what the attributes are for your 5A that may be better than the other ones out there?
Elliott Sigal: So taking some of these questions in the reverse order. What we look for, we've had a lot of experience with NS5A, and we have a whole series of backups and improvements should they be needed. And a lot of experience of how the different molecules perform. The 3 criteria we look at, of course, are the PK to make sure that at reasonable doses, you're getting appropriate drug levels. We look at resistance profile, whether one mutant or multiple mutants are required to escape the regimens drugs. And we look at potency across different genotypes. And in those 3 categories, I'm quite pleased to-date, but never complacent for tomorrow with regard to where our 5A is. And I think, I would not make assumptions that all compounds are the same. I don't think we've ever done that in pharmaceutical development. Chemical changes and dose changes and resistance changes, ask new questions that have to be answered typically in a good Phase II study. So that's the assumption we have made. That's the feedback we get, although, with our experience, there are a lot of ways for us to have very, very competitive timelines. Well, you asked specifically about Gilead. We've offered for a matter of months a pure and simple clinical collaboration to get these 2 lead compounds together in Phase III data that would benefit patients, instruct physicians, when both compounds come to market. So because that regimen can be, I think, in a significant lead position in the field and make a major contribution. I think it's good for patients. That's our business model. It's very good for us. If it's determined to be good for Gilead, we're open to the collaboration.
Operator: And we go next to Gregg Gilbert with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gregory B. Gilbert - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'll start with Elliott on dapa. Do you have any sense at all what the FDA bar is based on the interactions you've had with them or do you need an official meeting for that? And then a bigger picture question for the team, from an M&A perspective, is the company open to acquisitions that enhance existing commercial franchises, but then don't have much of a pipeline elements? Or you can just answer the question that you think I'm probably asking.
John Elicker: Well, let me just take that one first, Greg. It's John. We're not going to comment on any rumors or speculation. Charlie can comment in a minute about our capital allocation priorities, but Elliott do you want comment on dapa?
Elliott Sigal: Yes, I'm not sure yet because the complete discussions have not occurred with regard to the FDA. Of course, we are very pleased to have received a positive opinion from the CHMP on April 19, and expect that will be followed by European approval. I took note of their comments, of their concern about the increasing prevalence of the disease, the progressive nature of the disease, the need for combination therapy. And the note -- as we note, that other drugs that are out there have side effects. And therefore, their determination of the benefit risk was in keeping with the way we saw the clinical data. And while we are working on our approvals around the world, we will be meeting with the FDA soon to discuss a path forward. And we hope that a similar recognition of the unmet medical need will guide our discussions with the agency.
Charles A. Bancroft: Let me just briefly touch on BD. I would say in summary, nothing has changed regarding our overall BD strategy. As we've said many times, business development is one of our top priorities as evidenced by our recently completed acquisition of Inhibitex. And even with that transaction, we continue to view business development as a key priority within the framework of a balanced capital allocation approach. We continue to be interested in small molecules, as well as expanding our biologics capabilities that are aligned with our key therapeutic areas. And we will continue to look for BD opportunities that can help deliver long-term growth. And we are also interested in near-term opportunities that would improve the overall growth profile of our company. And of course, we will remain disciplined with regard to focusing on transactions that are strategically, scientifically and economically sound.
Operator: And we go next to Marc Goodman with UBS.
Marc Goodman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First, can you give us an update just on SPRYCEL and the share that's going on and how much are you taking there? First line versus second line and how that's moving? And second on ORENCIA, can you talk about just how much of the sales are subcu right now? What percent of shipments? Just give us some sense of what's going on and your share of that marketplace?
Lamberto Andreotti: SPRYCEL, progress -- significant progress in establishing it as important medicine in CML. In the very competitive market, we grew the business by 51 -- 52%, in fact, in the U.S. and 27% in international markets compared to Q1 of last year. In the U.S., we saw growth, driven by both continued adoption in the first-line setting and our continued leading share in the second-line segment. Outside of the U.S., I'm very pleased by the strong adoption of SPRYCEL in first line in Japan. And our European business continues to do well now that we have first-line reimbursement in many countries that include Germany, Italy and Spain. Do you want to add something Giovanni? And maybe you can also continue on ORENCIA.
Giovanni Caforio: This is Giovanni. Just to add on what Lamberto said, we had very strong performance in the U.S. with SPRYCEL similar to what happened in other parts of the world. We grew over 50% versus prior year, and 8% versus prior quarter, driven by demand, primarily. We continue to see the GLEEVEC business slowly eroding. There are approximately slightly under 76% of patients in the U.S. now still on GLEEVEC, but we continue to make inroads in both first and second line in both segments of the market. In first-line, we're slightly ahead of the TASIGNA. In the second-line setting, we're capturing about 58% of that opportunity. So the SPRYCEL business continues to grow very nicely. On ORENCIA, we also had in the U.S. a strong quarter versus last year. We had over 20% growth in sales versus last year. And let me make you a couple of comments and describe how we are doing in the IV segment, which to-date has been our core business, and then what is happening with the launch of subcu. So we have strong performance in IV. We grew volume by 4% versus last year. The total IV market grew less than 1%. Our current share in patients in IV is about 24%, and we are capturing approximately 30% of the new patient opportunities. In Q1 versus Q4, our IV business was stable, which we consider to be very important. Since October, we've been focusing on the launch of ORENCIA subcu and that launch is going well. In the first part of the launch, we focused on access and reimbursement, and approximately at the end of Q1, approximately 80% of commercial lives are covered, and we have open access in more than 60% of that market. We've seen good uptake in demand for subcu in the first quarter. Our sales were $31 million, which also included $2 million of inventory work-down. And what we've seen is a couple of things. First of all, the base of prescribers and trials has grown very, very nicely. And the majority of the prescribers are not heavy prescribers of ORENCIA IV. So they're new prescribers for us. And second, over 80% of the business we've captured so far has actually been new business that has not been the result of cannibalization of existing IV business. And so this is very consistent with our objective of leveraging the launch of ORENCIA subcu to establish a strong presence in the 60% of the market, which is subcu.
Elliott Sigal: And Giovanni, I'll follow with a brief research update that following the approval last year in the U.S., we've submitted in Europe the subcu application, and we're pleased to be presenting at EULAR. I think one of the first comparative studies of its kind head-to-head with ORENCIA subcu and HUMIRA. And that will be in early June.
Operator: And we will go next to John Boris with Citi.
John T. Boris - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One on ELIQUIS, do you have launch quantities built since there's only a couple of months here before FDA action, and then have you completed label negotiations with the FDA on ELIQUIS? And if so, have you done any market research testing with that label and what are the top attributes at least that would cause physicians to want to pen a prescription for that of ELIQUIS? And then I have a follow-up for Elliott on hep C.
Elliott Sigal: With regard to ELIQUIS, both sides are heavily engaged in this very extensive file. We don't comment on the details until the FDA is completed. The label is one of the last things completed, but I am pleased with the progress and confident in the presentation of the data that I expect to be in the label.
John Elicker: And then in terms of launch quantity, Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Sorry, I didn't understand I was supposed to give this answer, but we are in shape. Yes, of course, yes.
John Elicker: John, we may have lost you for your follow-up on hep C, so please give us a call once the call is over.
Operator: And we go next to David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I dialed in a little bit late, so I apologize if I'm repeating anything, but Elliott, I was hoping that you could just talk about your process of figuring out the right dose for the nuc, plus NS5A used in Phase III. Specifically, I know that there is an 90-patient study #094 in combination with PEG interferon and ribavirin. But I'm just not sure if that will help you understand the toxicity better. And specifically, how that will inform the decision on a different combination for Phase III. So if you could just talk about the process and the additional data that you'll be looking at to help you decide by the end of the year the right dose for Phase III that would be helpful. And then the second question on that is, do you still plan to do Phase III, plus or minus ribavirin? And then the final question is a commercial question, and I apologize if this was addressed, but obviously, YERVOY did not grow sequentially in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter in the United States as expected given the BRAF introduction. Just wanted to get your sense for when you would expect YERVOY in the U.S. to start growing against sequentially?
Lamberto Andreotti: David, you might have called a little bit later, so I suggest that the information about YERVOY that Giovanni gave before, and I'll repeat it now. But the good thing is that, as we said, and Giovanni confirmed. the trend of prescriptions is positive in the last few weeks.
Elliott Sigal: And I can give a quick answer to what we were discussing before, David. That the current Phase II you referred to of 90 patients, we believe will contribute, important to our safety database. But we are designing for starting this year a Phase IIb of daclatasvir in combination with a variety of doses of our nuc. And the result of that Phase IIb will define the dose and regimen with or without ribavirin for our Phase III next year.
Lamberto Andreotti: So thank you for your many and good questions. Summary, good quarter. We are working hard on delivering both our short term and long-term objectives, and we are excited about this transition to new post-AVAPRO, post-PLAVIX era that we have initiated. Thank you.
John Elicker: Thanks, everybody. That concludes our call.
Operator: And again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Charles Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Management Council Giovanni Caforio - President of U.S. Pharmaceuticals Beatrice Cazala - Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations Elliott Sigal - Chief Scientific Officer, President of Research & Development, Executive Vice President, Member of Management Council, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Executive Officer, Member of Management Council, Director, Member of Science & Technology Committee and Member of Executive Committee John Elicker - Investor Relations Executive
Analysts: Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Risinger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John T. Boris - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Catherine J. Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb 2011 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.
John Elicker: Thank you, Alicia, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us on the call today to discuss our fourth quarter results. Joining me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer, and they'll have prepared remarks. And then joining also for Q&A, Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Beatrice Cazala, our Commercial Lead for Global Commercialization, as well as responsibility for Europe; and Giovanni Caforio, who runs our U.S. business.  Before we get started, I'll take care of the legal language. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and reports on Form 10-Q and 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website or from Bristol-Myers Squibb Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. During the call, we'll also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to include certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items. Reconciliations to these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on the company's website. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Well, we have just completed a very good, very important year for us, one during which we delivered solid results while setting the stage for a strong future. We grew our sales by 9%, and we are very proud of the performance of our innovative and diversified portfolio, as exemplified by the growth of many of our key brands like ORENCIA, SPRYCEL, BARACLUDE, ONGLYZA and YERVOY. We made some promising advances, with respect to our pipeline, the most important of which were those regarding ELIQUIS. And I believe we continue to be good stewards of shareholder capital as we executed multiple strategic transactions, while at the same time, we increased our dividend and continued our share repurchase program.  Two of the most notable developments in 2011 concern YERVOY and ELIQUIS. As you will recall, YERVOY was launched in the U.S. in March with a broad indication for therapy for metastatic melanoma with a significant overall survival benefit demonstrated in 2 Phase III studies.  YERVOY was also approved in Europe and launched in a number of countries there including Germany, while we are working through the process of access and reimbursement in the rest of the region. The safe performance of YERVOY definitely proves a significant success -- a significant acceptance by the oncologist community.  With respect to ELIQUIS, the big news came over the summer with the announcement of the ARISTOTLE study results. The ARISTOTLE results demonstrated its superiority of ELIQUIS we were referring with respect to both safety and efficacy in patients with atrial fibrillation. In fact, it was a triple win, and that the study demonstrated a significant reduction in stroke, bleeding and mortality, making ELIQUIS the only new oral anticoagulant to show a significant reduction in all these 3 areas. This reinforced the earlier AVERROES study, which demonstrated the superiority of ELIQUIS to aspirin regarding efficacy with no increase in the risk of bleeding.  We are preparing the launch of ELIQUIS as we are expecting regulatory decision this year on the atrial fibrillation indication in both the U.S. where the PDUFA date is March 28 and in Europe. We've also filed it in Japan and various other countries.  Taken altogether, the sales, launches, the business transactions and the clinical advances, 2011 was certainly a great year in the life of our company. That said, with all these positive events, the nature of our business often entails setbacks, too. The complete response letter concerning dapagliflozin received last week from the FDA is a case in point. We are very disappointed by this FDA decision as we remain confident in the benefits-risk balance of dapagliflozin, and we know there's a big unmet medical needed in diabetes that requires new therapies. We are committed to working through the approval processes with the health authorities here in the U.S. and around the world.  In any case, one setback does not block us or make us change our strategy. As you have seen in the financials we have just released, we have intensified our investments behind our launches, as we are convinced that this is exactly what we need to do to build our future. And we have continued to implement our String of Pearls program.  At the beginning of the year, we announced our intention to acquire Inhibitex, building on our long-standing presence in biology, adding to our already broad portfolio of hepatitis C assets and strengthening our position to better serve the estimated 175 million people chronically affected with hepatitis C around the world.  I am confident in the long-term growth potential of this company. I recognize that there are hosts of serious external challenges, but I have several good reasons to look at the coming years with optimism. Specifically, the sales of many of our currently marketed products are expected to continue to increase. Our recent and expected launches holds great promise. Our robust late-stage pipeline, particularly the work we are doing in immuno-oncology and hepatitis C, is very exciting and very encouraging. And the overall sustainability of our R&D, supported by our String of Pearls approach to business development has planted the seeds for continued growth.  We have already begun transitioning to our portfolio of the future and are diligently leading the company towards a long-term growth position. The balance between establishing this long-term growth and delivering short-term results is reflected in our 2012 guidance that you have seen in the press release of this morning and that Charlie will review in a moment.  Before he does this, let me say once again that 2011 was a very good year for Bristol-Myers Squibb. And as we have turned the corner into the very important year in which we will lose the exclusivity for PLAVIX and AVAPRO, I am optimistic because we have the products, we have the pipeline, and we have the culture and management team to go beyond those losses of exclusivity and deliver a successful future.  And now let me turn it over to Charlie.
Charles Bancroft: Thanks, Lamberto. We did have a solid quarter which caps a good year for BMS. In the fourth quarter, we delivered non-GAAP EPS of $0.53. Sales growth across our key products was partially offset by an increase in investment spending in the pharmacy. We reported fourth quarter net sales of $5.5 billion, up 7% compared to last year. Volume was strong, providing a 4% favorable impact on sales. Price was also favorable by 3%, and foreign exchange was neutral. The U.S. healthcare reform coverage GAAP implemented in 2011 and EU measures, together, had a 3% negative impact on sales. As Lamberto mentioned, we are pleased by the trends of our key brands that are important to our future growth. Let me provide a few highlights.  We continue to be encouraged by the performance of YERVOY. Until the introduction of YERVOY in Zelboraf last year, no new agent has been approved for metastatic melanoma in over a decade. The market is now in a state of transition as physicians become more familiar with these new medicines. During Q4, we saw an increase in the adoption of the 2 new agents and broader use of BRAF testing.  During the quarter, we reported YERVOY sales of $144 million, with U.S. sales of $118 million, which we believe represents underlying demand with no real impact from either the bolus effect or inventory movement. We continue to make good progress on expanding our prescriber base and access. Importantly, we received a permanent J code in the U.S. earlier this month.  As you know, the process for getting access and reimbursement in Europe takes time as negotiations occur in each country. But we expect the profit will be commercially available and reimbursed in most of our top 8 countries by the middle of the year and in almost all EU countries by the end of 2012. We believe that our YERVOY customer model continues to provide valuable education and service to our customers, effective support to our patients and that it enables us to move the business forward.  Our virology franchise had a very strong quarter with BARACLUDE, REYATAZ and SUSTIVA, all posting double-digit gains. You should note that SUSTIVA sales in the U.S. included a $31 million positive year-to-date adjustment for our higher share of overall ATRIPLA sales.  The ONGLYZA franchise delivered sales of $153 million, a 20% increase sequentially versus the third quarter. In the U.S., the franchise delivered 16% prescription growth. Going forward, we are focused on driving adoption earlier in treatment as the first add-on to metformin. Also, the FDA recently approved ONGLYZA in combination with insulin, which will be important to many endocrinologist.  SPRYCEL was up 34% in the quarter, reflecting successful commercial execution and launch of the first-line indications. We continue to make share gains in both first-line and the continued expansion of the second-line opportunity.  The ORENCIA franchise was up 27%. Our IV volume outperformed the market, up 8% versus last year compared to 1% for the overall market. ORENCIA subcu was launched during the fourth quarter in the U.S. and had sales of $16 million, nearly half of which is related to stocking. The prescribing base is broad, and there seems to be real interest in an alternative mechanism in the subcu space.  Now let me give you just a few comments from the rest of our P&L. I will focus my comments on our non-GAAP results. Reconciliations to our GAAP results are available in our press release and on our website.  Gross margin was 75.2%, up 230 basis points compared to fourth quarter last year. This increase was driven in part by favorable product mix. Also recall that in fourth quarter of 2010, we had the write off related to the AVALIDE recall.  Marketing, selling and admin expenses increased 22%. You can think about the increase in 3 categories: the pharmacy, some specific onetime expenses and investment behind new key and new products. As you will recall, the pharmacy was effective in 2011 and increased MS&A by $55 million in the fourth quarter. We also incurred approximately $70 million of onetime expenses during the quarter, including bad debts in Europe, as well as additional foundation and grant funding. The remaining was driven by increased investment spend behind our new brands, partially offset by lower marketing spend on PLAVIX and AVAPRO, as they are at the end of their life cycle.  Advertising and promotion expenses were up 5%, at $285 million for the quarter, also reflecting increased investment behind newer products and indications. R&D increased 7%, driven by overall portfolio spend and clinical supply costs for trials expected to start in 2012. The effective overall tax rate was 24.9% in the quarter. The decrease compared to fourth quarter 2010 is primarily due to the resolution of certain discrete items during the quarter, which I mentioned in October.  Now turning to guidance, we have issued our 2012 GAAP and non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.90 to $2. I will cover just a couple of items. The rest of our P&L line item guidance, you’ll have seen in our press release. We expect sales to be in the $17.2 billion to the $18.2 billion. This assumes full year 2012 worldwide sales of PLAVIX to be approximately $2.7 billion. PLAVIX sales will primarily depend on erosion rates from generic competition, inventory levels in the channel and expected returns. MS&A expense is expected to decrease in the mid-single digit range. This includes an expected incremental pharmacy expense of approximately $35 million in 2012.  And finally, on a topic that I know many of you are focused on, let me comment briefly on 2013. We last confirmed 2013 floor guidance of $1.95 to non-GAAP EPS in July. There have been a number of both positive and negative developments since that time, some specific to BMS and others affecting the industry. Our current plan is to provide 2013 EPS guidance in January of next year, which is our normal practice.  At this point, let me share some of our high-level thinking. First, we are excited about the future of our company, and we are committed to balancing the short-term results with the need to invest for our long-term growth. Clearly, we are all facing macroeconomic challenges such as foreign exchange and austerity measures around the world.  During 2011, we had several important successes in our portfolio, including the launches of YERVOY and ORENCIA subcu, and we are excited about the potential approval and launch of ELIQUIS and A-fib this year. We will need to invest behind these and other growth opportunities.  We continue to view business development as a key priority of a balanced capital allocation approach, and we recently announced our intention to acquire Inhibitex. This is roughly $0.04 dilutive in 2012 and roughly $0.05 in 2013. We continue to drive efficiencies throughout our P&L as part of our everyday business. However, we believe that we have a very attractive portfolio, and we are committed to making the investments required to maximize the value of our assets.  I would conclude by saying, it continues to be our objective to meet 2013 guidance. I will now turn it over to your questions.
John Elicker: Thanks, Alicia. I think we're ready for the questions. Lamberto and Charlie, thanks for your remarks. I would just remind everybody that in addition to Lamberto and Charlie, we have Elliott, Beatrice and Giovanni here for any questions you might have. Alicia?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Tony Butler from Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two questions, one has 2 parts. Charlie, thanks for your comments on '12 and '13, but I was curious if you might be able to help with the pacing of the decline of expenses for A&P and marketing and sales, so the pacing throughout the calendar year for '12 would be helpful. And also, as you think about -- if assuming Gilead gets approval for Quad, and they remove marketing for ATRIPLA, would you pick up any of that through your efforts throughout '12? And then the second question really relates to XARELTO and PRADAXA scripts to date and how you really think about the market. And I recognize your label error, or I think we all have expectations that your label may be substantially different, but how you think about expectations in the marketplace today given 2 other agents in the market are already hitting the cardiologists?
Charles Bancroft: Yes. I would start with the overall pacing question. I don't see any dramatic change in the investment. Remember in -- beginning in 2010, we already started life cycle flexing of PLAVIX at that point. And it pretty much concluded a full life cycle flexing including going dark on DTC beginning in the third quarter of 2011. I would say that from an overall EPS standpoint though, you can imagine at PLAVIX will start seeing the decline in PLAVIX beginning in the second quarter. So from an overall standpoint, our first quarter would look better than the next 3 quarters of 2012 on an EPS basis.
Lamberto Andreotti: I can continue on with a comment on ATRIPLA, and then I will ask Giovanni to take the comment on 2 potential competitors to ELIQUIS. First of all, SUSTIVA and the SUSTIVA franchise, which included ATRIPLA. We are very proud of the results that we have achieved and we continue to achieve with that franchise. But in the U.S. it, remember, it remains the #1 prescribed HIV regimen. We will continue to support it. And yes, Gilead has the option of independently determine their level of support to ATRIPLA, but we, BMS, are committed to continue to provide the right appropriate commercial investment behind the entire franchise. We believe in the product, strong product, strong franchise and we'll continue to invest behind it. I think there was a question on ELIQUIS and maybe Beatrice, you want to speak about it?
Beatrice Cazala: Yes. It's clearly a global question in terms of how we see the market evolving. So your question is fair as we have 3 products, obviously, and it will be the third one. We have always planned for that. However, as you know, we have a very differentiated profile versus the other agents, both warfarin, aspirin, but also the new agent. So we have demonstrated superiority and efficacy at 21% distribution for strokes, systemic embolism versus warfarin; superiority in bleeding with a 31% risk reduction in major bleeding; and also superiority on all-cause mortality with an 11% risk reduction. So those studies, both ARISTOTLE and AVERROES constitute for us a good base to saying that out products will provide significant benefit to a broader range of patient and this around the globe. So we consider that they are several key opportunities for ELIQUIS. The first one will remain in newly diagnosed patient. Those patient are a significant number. We have 1.2 million patient in the U.S., EU and Japan, which are newly diagnosed with A-fib every year, and they could potentially benefit from stroke-prevention therapy. You know that many patients are receiving also severe chemo treatment with warfarin and aspirin. And those patient represent several very important opportunity in this evolving market. About an additional 20% of the patient also receive aspirin and anti-platelet therapy, because they are unable or unwilling to take warfarin. So when you look at those patterns, we believe that the treatment practice, we don't see a coagulation will differ significantly around the globe, the market having higher level of warfarin usage from higher level today of aspirin usage and the penetration of new mode of action will bear differently according to those markets. So we believe that 2 strong trials and the evidence based on those trials will make an important case for our products to be successful even as a sub-agent. When you talk about the prescriber and PRADAXA and the prescription with a specialist, we think that both the cardiologist and the primary care physician have an important role to play in the preventing -- prevention of stroke in a few patient. Those cardiologists are very important in terms of initiation of therapy, especially as you know, half of the patients are initiated at the hospitals. So that would be also a key focus for us. And the primary care patient -- physicians, sorry, are playing a much greater role in the ongoing management of the patient over time. So our focus will be both there, and we have -- actually preparing to look at how to put our customer model around those target patients. And Giovanni will comment on the market preparedness, specifically for the U.S.
Giovanni Caforio: So this is Giovanni. With respect to launch readiness in the U.S., we've been working very closely with Pfizer to finalize the strategies and plans for launch, and we will be very well prepared if we are approved on our PDUFA date at the end of March. As you know, we've learned that establishing early access and reimbursement is very critical for the successful launch. So our initial focus after approval will be on payer discussions. And during that period, we will be preparing our sales force and that medical teams to begin promoting and supporting the product.
Operator: We'll go next to Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I have a couple of questions. My first question is for you, Elliott. If you could sort of flesh out for us the various scenarios with respect to the hep C market and data releases this year. I think investors are nervous about the value proposition of NS5A if 7977 were to report out very positively. So if you could comment on that? And how did you get comfortable with the tox profile of the Inhibitex 189 nuke given that toxicities were seen at higher doses? I'm just wondering that if you saw data before you made the offer and when we can expect to see that 12-week data. And then just lastly on the revenue guidance of $17.2 billion to $18.2 billion, if you could just talk about the variables. My sense is that that's mostly PLAVIX, but I'd be interested what sort of number or magnitude you're assuming for apixaban?
Elliott Sigal: This is Elliott. On hepatitis C, we have a big commitment to remain and become a leader in the field following upon our legacy in virology, HIV and our now blockbuster drug, BARACLUDE of hepatitis B. And we began 10 years ago with the thought that multiple mechanisms would be needed. Clearly, the field in science is changing drastically. There will be less of a role, nevertheless, a role for interferons, but a primary focus on all oral agents. We believe that it will require 2 new direct-acting antivirals at a minimum. We, therefore, feel that the 5A, with all its properties and its advancement and about 1,000 patients' safety profile, its efficacy will be a good contributor to that future regimen and do believe that a nuke, like the one that we acquired or about to acquire from an Inhibitex will be an excellent partner. It is true that this year will unmask a lot of data, nucleotide with ribavirin in genotype 1. Nobody knows exactly how that experiment is going to unfold. We feel that could be improved upon with an agent like 5A and the nucleotide. We are collaborating with the Pharmasset, Gilead, nuke and 5A. That data will be available at EASL this year. The particular nuke that we have added now to our portfolio, and I should mention, we have several ongoing BMS-owned all-oral regimens with a protease, a non-nuke, a protease and a 5A and different combinations of ribavirin. And now with our nuke, after the acquisition of Inhibitex, we have the combination of 5A as a major target, as well as some collaborations with the next-generation medicines. The 12-week data on -- of the nucleotide on top of standard of care should be available towards the end of the year and, hopefully, at the Liver meeting by the end of the year, at EASL, the INX Inhibitex drug on 7 days with ribavirin will be discussed, we hope. We were particularly attracted to this particular nuke because of the new platform that's used to, I think, circumvent the problems that people have had in this area for toxicity before. We got comfortable by the fact that we saw no mitochondrial toxicity, which we think's been the root of problems in the past. We have a strategy to use lower doses because of its synergy perhaps with ribavirin, but importantly with other agents such as 5A. And this year, we'll be trying to find the right dose of that compound with our combinations for the goal of having an all-oral pan-genotypic regimen. Charlie?
Charles Bancroft: Okay, let me give you a little bit of context on how we think about sales in 2012, Jami. We gave you some guidance on how we think about the evolution of PLAVIX and the variables surrounding that. Also for us on a reported basis, FX can always be an issue. And then as it relates to product flow, the big issues will be new product sales evolution, not just on ELIQUIS, but also YERVOY, ORENCIA subcu. We're not giving specific sales targets for those, and also the European measures. Right now we think we don't have a balanced view on that. If things got significantly worse, that could also impact how we think of 2012.
Operator: We'll go next to Tim Anderson from Sanford Bernstein.
Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A couple of questions on guidance. On the 2012 revenue guidance, the top end of that is just below where consensus has been, and the bottom end of that is about $1 billion below where consensus is. And I'm wondering, when you look at analyst models, where you think things are being mismodeled the most? And then on 2013 guidance, you felt comfortable enough to give that guidance a while ago, I think it was early 2010, and there were a variety of unknowns back then, too. So I'm wondering what's so different now such that you're not wanting to update that guidance when 2013's closer now than it was back then. What are the biggest few variables that you feel you need more visibility on before you can reconfirm that number?
Charles Bancroft: Let me talk a little bit about 2012. I can't comment on any analyst model per se, but I would say that a variable that, as we see it, is FX. The average FX rate in 2011 for the euro, for example, was $1.39, as we reported it. In our updated guidance, we said we were using more current FX rates. So at the top line, it's closer to something around $1.30.
Lamberto Andreotti: So -- and about 2013, I know we will go back to this guidance, not guidance for 2013. Let me just state a few things, repeating what Charlie said. One, we are one year away from 2013, and we will provide EPS guidance for 2013 in January of next year, one month -- one year from now. Two, there have been a number of both positive and negative developments -- I'm repeating, positive and negative developments since we last confirmed guidance -- minimum guidance for EPS in July last year. And three, we have -- and that Charlie said that very clearly, our objective remains that of meeting guidance. So this is what we want to say today about 2013.
Operator: We'll go next to John Boris from Citi.
John T. Boris - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: As Lamberto had characterized the triple win on ELIQUIS of decreased stroke, bleeding and mortality, when you've taken that product concept to the cardiologists, which you clearly indicated as an important prescriber, how does that play with -- relative to the stickiness of warfarin? It seems as though the most challenging thing has been to get that physician type to make the switch. Do you need additional clinical work to facilitate that switch, or can you share with us how you're thinking about that both in the U.S. and in Europe? And then second question for Charlie, a nice surprise on the gross margins in the quarter. How should we be thinking about the mix at least going into 2012 that shapes the gross margin guidance that you've given and how you see that evolving over the longer term?
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, this is Giovanni. The first comment I would make on the U.S. market is even with the launch of PRADAXA and XARELTO, there continues to be a very high unmet medical need in atrial fibrillation. And we know that warfarin has been the standard of care for over 50 years. So given that long history, physicians have used warfarin for a long period of time and changing that behavior and making them comfortable with using a new agent is an important task we will be focused on. The second point I would make is that because of the profile of ELIQUIS and the data that was described before, we are convinced that it is a differentiated product, not only versus warfarin, but also versus the new agents. And that -- it may have a very compelling profile, both in the specialty segment and also with primary care physicians.
Charles Bancroft: As it relates to your question on gross margin, I think -- and we've stated this before that PLAVIX, overall, as that comes off patent, was basically at our overall company gross margin. AVAPRO and AVALIDE being slightly less. So those 2 products coming off patent don't really have much of an impact on margin, although PLAVIX being so large was a stabilizer of our overall gross margin. So we expect we would eventually have more variability depending on portfolio mix, which is, by and large, our largest movement within our overall gross margin. So you can think about it in 2 ways. We have partnered product of ONGLYZA and apixaban, which carry a much lower margin because we report our shared partner profit through gross margin. But then some of our other products like HIV, YERVOY and potentially moving to Devens will provide with a stronger margin over time.
Elliott Sigal: John, this is Elliott. Let me just add on ELIQUIS to Giovanni's very good comments about this -- the competitor, warfarin. From the design, very early designs to the clinical program, the goal was to achieve a powerful agent that reduced stroke with less bleeding. No other agent other than ELIQUIS has that clinical data to substantiate that profile. And in our work with physicians and market research and payer research, to be able to give now a more convenient class of drug, but achieve greater efficacy with less bleeding, over 30% less significant bleeding, we think will be a very attractive alternative. And also, if you look across the clinical trials, the tolerability of this drug also stands out in terms of people staying on the drug, in terms of less GI tolerance and less potential MIs.
Operator: We'll go next to David Risinger from Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I have a couple of YERVOY questions and then a few PD-1 questions. The first on YERVOY. Charlie, I was hoping that you could talk about the sales deferral. Just update us. I think that in the third quarter, you had a $27 million sales deferral. Was that effectively booked in the fourth quarter? And then was there a new fourth quarter deferral amount that you can provide? And then in terms of YERVOY's out-year sales potential. This is a higher-level question. Should we be thinking about the ex-U.S. sales potential longer term being bigger than the U.S. given a much greater patient numbers, potentially offsetting lower prices? Is that a reasonable assumption? And then for Elliott, you are obviously starting Phase III for PD-1 in renal and lung cancer soon. I'm just wondering if you could first talk about the potential place of PD-1 in the increasingly crowded renal market. And then on the lung cancer side, since that's considered by some to be a more difficult target for immunotherapy, can you just talk about your confidence in PD-1 in lung cancer, please?
Charles Bancroft: Okay, David. Sure, I'll take the first part of your question as it related to the YERVOY sales deferral. As you point out, we had a sales deferral of $27 million in the third quarter -- or excuse me, in the -- yes, third quarter of last year. And there's really been no change of that in the fourth quarter.
Beatrice Cazala: Regarding your question of potential -- if we'll consider melanoma per se because you have 2 questions for YERVOY, so it's the melanoma and the other indication long term. So if you will get melanoma outside of the U.S., you have a limited number of patient where the disease is highly prevalent. We consider even within Europe that you have about 8 countries -- within the Europe itself, you have about 8 countries which are accounting for 75% of the metastatic melanoma. And so, basically, when you look at that and you also have to consider within melanoma that our indication so far in Europe has being granted for more limited number of patient than the U.S. because we have the pretreated patient prior -- with prior line of chemotherapy first and our ability to expand that indication over time. The time it will take to take access, we consider that in the next few years, is very likely that the U.S. will remain leading in our volume for the product.
Elliott Sigal: Yes. So, David, the PD-1 question has to do with our confidence in some of the tumor types. We are confident based on data that we've seen, the activity in the Phase I, Phase II studies of multiple tumor types. We'll be presenting data from these studies at the American Society of Clinical Oncology later this year. We are impressed with the durability and the response rate. And so far, although it's early, the safety profile. We're also attracted to the possibility of targeting within different tumor types by potential biomarkers, and we're very interested, specifically, in lung cancer and this huge unmet medical need by having a foundational therapy that may be improved upon by adding additional chemotherapeutic agents, or sequencing them, as we are learning with ipilimumab. So the development is progressing well. We continue to investigate. It’s used in a variety of tumor types such as renal, lung and melanoma. And we will be in Phase III in lung cancer with PD-1 this year, as well as renal cancer.
Operator: We'll go next to Seamus Fernandez from Leerink Swann.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: So just a couple of quick questions. Elliott, can you give us your thoughts on the likelihood of a panel actually being heard, and why a panel may not actually be necessary for ELIQUIS? Second, Charlie, with regard to my look at the guidance for 2012, when I kind of take the midpoint of each of these things, it looks like there are 2 kind of swing factors. One might be the share count, and then the other might be the amount that's actually paid out to Sanofi on the $2.7 billion. How should we be kind of thinking about those swing factors relative to the 2012 guidance?
Charles Bancroft: I'll take your second part first then, Seamus. On the share count, you have known that we have gone through our original $3 billion authorization going back to 2010. We've got through about $1.8 billion year-to-date on that program and about $1.2 billion remaining. I mean, it's really BD-dependent, but assuming no significant BD, we will probably work through the remaining $1.2 billion in 2012. And the second part was related to Sanofi. We gave the guidance at the top line. You understand that the gross margin is roughly the same. We said that as far as our overall company margin, and we pay out in minority interest half to Sanofi, not controlling interest. So that's how you can think of the financials related to PLAVIX.
Elliott Sigal: This is Elliott. On your question about the ELIQUIS Advisory Committee, if one happens, the decision to schedule an Advisory Committee is completely up the discretion of the FDA, and they make those announcements. We always prepare for an Advisory Committee. But at this time, I know of no plan to have an Advisory Committee. And the date of the action is March 28.
Operator: We'll go next to Catherine Arnold from Credits Suisse.
Catherine J. Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I have 2 questions, one is for Elliott on hepatitis strategy. Do you have a need to expand what you're doing on the combined ability with PI? Then obviously, you have the collaboration with TMC435. But you've got multiple efforts, obviously, now with the nukes. So, I'm just wondering how you're thinking about PIs as part of this? And secondly, on YERVOY, particularly in the United States, could you give us an update in terms of the use of that agent in terms of the number of cycles per patient by line of therapy BRAF status? Just a little bit more color behind that good number.
Elliott Sigal: This is Elliott on the hepatitis C question. I believe for now, it's wise to consider 3 major agents in achieving an all-oral regimen or a subset of 3 major classes for the different challenges around the world, the different genotypes and until more science is known. And that includes the protease inhibitor, a 5A and a nucleotide. And I'm pleased that we have the lead 5A. We now have a very exciting nuke, where they're very scarce, and we're very excited about, although at an early stage, what it can do in combinations with other medicines. And we do have an important collaboration with J&J on perhaps the next PI to enter the field that has very interesting characteristics, and that collaboration will continue. So we have, with our own protease inhibitor, found that a 5A will cure nearly all patients with genotype 1b. And that is a very important opportunity where that genotype is predominant in Asia and almost exclusively exist in Japan. And we're in Phase III with that. And I think that may well be one of the first, if not, the first all-oral regimens that are attacking genotype 1. We are running a global program. We are adding to that regimen ribavirin for broader coverage. And, of course, we are anxious to get the nucleotide 5A data from our Pharmasset, Gilead collaboration, and would hope that, that collaboration would continue, or it could be an opportunity for Inhibitex acquisition when it completes.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, this is Giovanni. With respect to the performance of YERVOY in the U.S. in Q4, as Charlie mentioned, our demand was $118 million, and we estimate that we had a share of 25% to 30% of the total metastatic melanoma market across first and second line, which is similar to what we had reported for Q3. We saw a number of important developments. We did see increased penetration in both the hospital segment and the community with an increase in the number of prescribers in both settings, and we continue to see that approximately 50% of our business is coming from the community and 50% from the hospital. In the fourth quarter, approximately 70% of our business came from the first line and 30% for the second line. We did see a significant increase in the share in BRAF-negative patients, reflecting the fact that new agents will increasingly adopt. And we did see a lower share in BRAF-positive patients. However, we continue to believe that the 2 products are complementary in this patient population, and we do expect that the use of YERVOY in BRAF-positive patients will continue to increase over time as a result of a number of factors. First, physicians will be -- continue to be increasingly comfortable with using new agents. They will understand the profile of the 2 agents, and patients on Zelboraf will continue to progress over time. So the other comment I would like to make relates to access and reimbursement and where we always -- where we also have made good progress. We've seen relatively quick reimbursement cycles in both the commercial and the Medicare space. And we expect reimbursements to further improve the community since we have a permanent J code now, as of January 1. Finally, some payers have implemented medical policies, and all of those are very consistent with our broad label.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Schott from JP Morgan.
Christopher Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a few questions. The first was on the 2012 sales and marketing and advertising and promotion budgets. You mentioned much of your PLAVIX-related expenses were kind of scaling down over the last couple of years. Can you just help us understand what's driving that fairly sharp drop in expenses in '12, especially when we're kind of thinking of the launch of ELIQUIS this year? Second question was on ELIQUIS. There's been multiple reports questioning PRADAXA's bleed signal and overall safety. And it seems on one hand, this is really placed to your profile pretty nicely, but can you just talk about the risk that this noise creates hesitation among physicians for all new agents entering the market and ends up being actually a headwind for your launch. Is that something you are concerned about or think about? And the final question, which is on Brivanib, what's the timing for the next studies here? And can you just comment on your confidence level in the program at this point?
Elliott Sigal: I'll answer quickly. Brivanib will have the head-to-head with sorafenib later this year and will -- that's an important study to complete our understanding of the profile and we'll have more to say. Clearly, the first 2 studies have been showing active drug, but have been disappointing in moving forward, but the most important study in my mind is the head-to-head with sorafenib and I'd have to say, with carcinoma earlier line of therapy patients that haven't had a lot of therapy. So I -- that should be known towards the end of the year. With regard to ELIQUIS and the bleeding that people are seeing in the marketplace or concerned about -- and I don't want to quote data on somebody's drug in that regard, but I will say the profiles are clearly different, and it's not surprising. We were after, from the beginning, powerful efficacy with less bleeding than Coumadin. So I don't believe people will or should take this as a class effect, in particular, PRADAXA is inhibiting a factor 2A or Thrombin in itself, and we are inhibiting 12 -- 10A intentionally from the beginning to be upstream and have the control of delivering efficacy without as much bleeding. So everything we've done from the beginning with the design of ELIQUIS has been to pick the right target to widen the therapeutic window and to focus on 10A and the right dose and regimen and the right patient populations. And we've ended up, fortunately, with what we wanted, which is a more powerful agent than warfarin, an agent that can be used where warfarin cannot be used and a safety profile in terms of major bleeds that is comparable to aspirin. And no other drug can say that. And I think that is gaining value in our research with the payers and physicians and we are anxious to have an opportunity to launch the drug, should it be approved.
Charles Bancroft: On your question, Chris, related to, I think, primarily MS&A and our expense lines. First, I would say, we continue to have a strong focus on productivity throughout the organization. So there are some savings that continue from our programs. Two, you may recall my comment that I mentioned some onetime items related to bad debt expenses in the EU in foundation and grant spending. And also, we have been ramping down spend -- expenses on PLAVIX in 2011. There were some still from savings year-over-year as we think about that. And we also began spending on ELIQUIS in 2011, and we are transitioning sales forces from PLAVIX, in some cases, into ELIQUIS.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Investments.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Number one, I appreciate all the comments on ELIQUIS. Is there any market research that you'd be willing to share with us in terms of awareness, intent to prescribe, et cetera? And then number 2, Elliott, is it possible for you to tell us when you may be in a position to initiate a trial where your new nuke is part of an all-oral regimen? And then finally, a question that may be impossible to answer, but it's on my mind. If the Supreme Court were to throw out the mandate in the Healthcare Reform Bill this spring, would you consider that a material event for the out years in your business?
Giovanni Caforio: On ELIQUIS -- this is Giovanni. I would repeat what we said before. We are working very actively to prepare for launch and our launch ready for the potential PDUFA date at the end of March. We are very positive about the profile and the differentiation of the product. And we are ready to execute a launch if we are approved at the end of March.
Elliott Sigal: Yes. And, Mark, this is Elliott. So we're very excited to -- hope to close the deal with Inhibitex. We've already designed generally some plans of what we'd like to do should it close. And in addition to conducting the Phase II study on top of standard of care and reporting that out and sharing with everybody some of the other science, we are doing combination studies this year to see the interaction of 5A with INX, with or without ribavirin and to pick just the right dose for the efficacy. And I would say that, that kind of all-oral trial will give us an idea in patients by the end of the year of what doses we could take into Phase III.
Lamberto Andreotti: I think that's -- on your last point, I don't think we foresee any significant or material change in whatever decision is taken by the Supreme Court. And we believe that we will continue to be affected, as we are, by -- significantly affected as we are by the healthcare reform that was implemented in the past.
John Elicker: Great. Thanks, Mark, and thanks, everybody, for all your questions. I will turn it over to Lamberto now for some closing comments.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. Thank you, again, for your questions. I would like to reiterate one key point. This is a very good moment in the life of Bristol-Myers Squibb. We see it in our numbers. We see it in our products, and we see it in the lives of the patients we serve. So I'm confident that we will also continue to see it in the years to come. Thank you.
John Elicker: Okay, Alicia, that about wraps it up. Thanks very much.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark G. Foletta - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Vincent P. Mihalik - Chief Commercial Officer and Senior Vice President of Sales & Marketing Michael York - Senior Director of IR Dan Bradbury - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Risk Management & Finance Committee
Analysts: David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Cory William Kasimov - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Salim Syed Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst -  M. Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Kumaraguru Raja Catherine J. Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Amylin Pharmaceuticals Q3 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, Michael York, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael York: Good afternoon, and welcome to Amylin Pharmaceuticals Quarterly Update Conference Call. We've uploaded a presentation to accompany this conference call that provides additional background on the quarter. This afternoon's discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today's press release, the website presentation and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed during today's call. A reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures can be found at the end of the website presentation. Let me introduce the other members of the Amylin management team here today: Daniel Bradbury, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer; and Vince Mihalik, Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing, and Chief Commercial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Dan Bradbury.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Michael. And welcome to our third quarter call for 2011. This afternoon's call regarding our third quarter results will build on the earnings press release issued earlier today. In a few moments, Mark will provide additional details on the quarter's underlying financial results and comment on our outlook for the remainder of 2011. Vince will then review our commercial activities during the third quarter of this year. Over the last quarter, we continued to execute our business plan and have made substantial progress against our objectives for the year. Revenues from our marketed products, BYETTA and SYMLIN, remained steady quarter-over-quarter and our focus on managing expenses and maintaining financial discipline enabled us to continue running our business close to breakeven. In fact, we earned non-GAAP operating income of $13 million during the third quarter. Earlier in the quarter, we announced that we responded to the second BYDUREON complete response letter. And based on ongoing interactions with the FDA, we continue to expect that their review will be completed by January 28 PDUFA date. We are continuing pre-launch activities and we'll be in position to have BYDUREON available to patients shortly after approval. The anticipation of launching BYDUREON here in the United States has us and the broader diabetes community buzzing with excitement. With BYDUREON now available in the U.K. and more recently Germany, this sense of excitement continues to grow, with early feedback from patients and healthcare practitioners in both markets being overwhelmingly positive. Though it's still too early in both launches to have solid data regarding prescription volume, demand in wholesale channels has been very strong, particularly in Germany. We also continue to make excellent progress on several important pipeline and life cycle initiatives. We continue to look forward to the FDA's anticipated decision within the next week on an expanded label for BYETTA for use with insulin glargine, which would result in an important new treatment option for patients. The development of a pen device for BYDUREON remains on track, with an expected launch by the end of 2012 or in early 2013. Regarding the exenatide suspension program, we expect regulatory interactions by the end of the year that will inform the design of pivotal studies for both the weekly and monthly exenatide formulations. And we will provide you with an update about our plans for this important initiative following those interactions. We also continue to add centers and enroll patients for our ongoing EXSCEL cardiovascular outcome study, which is investigating the potential for BYDUREON to reduce cardiovascular events relative to the standard of care in patients with type 2 diabetes. In addition to the exciting progress we're making with our exenatide franchise, we continue to make progress with metreleptin for rare forms of lipodystrophy. At the end of last year, we submitted the clinical and nonclinical sections of a Biologics License Application or BLA for the use of metreleptin to treat diabetes and/or hypertriglyceridemia in pediatric and adult patients with inherited or acquired lipodystrophy. Our plan at the start of this year was to submit the chemistry, manufacturing and control sections and complete the BLA by the end of this year. We have successfully completed the drug substance validation runs and are now in the process of generating stability data in support of our planned submission. However, capacity issues with our contract manufacturer and complexities encountered during the validation runs have caused us to move our target date for the BLA completion into the first half of 2012. We remain committed to bringing this new therapy to market as soon as possible and we'll be providing an update regarding the commercial outlook for the lipodystrophy opportunity at the beginning of next year. To round up my comments regarding our progress thus far this year, I'd like to reinforce the fact that while we continue to drive revenue from our marketed products and advance our key pipeline assets, we will continue to aggressively manage our expenses in line with our expected revenues. As Mark will highlight momentarily, our strong third quarter and year-to-date financial results reflect the continued emphasis we are placing on controlling our spending and driving efficiencies across our business. I'll now turn things over to Mark to review our financial results released earlier today.
Mark G. Foletta: Thanks, Dan, and good afternoon. Today, we announced our financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2011. As Dan mentioned and we have discussed in previous calls, we are managing the business with operational discipline and are focused on generating sustainable, positive operating cash flow and maintaining a strong cash position. Our measure of operating cash flow is reported as non-GAAP operating results, which approximates our cash flow from operations before working capital changes. Non-GAAP operating results is defined as our GAAP operating results adjusted for noncash items including equity compensation, depreciation and amortization and any other unusual items such as restructuring charges. In the third quarter, we generated non-GAAP operating income of $13 million, an improvement from a loss of $16.2 million in the third quarter of 2010. Total revenues in the third quarter were $175 million, a 12.1% increase compared to $156.1 million in the third quarter of 2010. The increase primarily reflects the $15 million milestone we earned upon the European launch of BYDUREON in July. Net product sales in the third quarter were $155.1 million, a slight increase from $154 million in the third quarter of 2010. Our gross margins remained strong at 92%. Our operating expenses were $109.6 million in the third quarter, consisting of $63 million of selling, general and administrative expenses and $46.6 million of research and development expenses. This represents an overall $11.6 million or 9.6% reduction from $121.2 million in the same quarter of last year. This decrease reflects our continued focus on driving efficiencies across our business. For further details regarding our financial results reported today, please refer to the presentation available in the Investors section of our company website. I'd like to make a few additional comments comparing the third quarter of 2011 sequentially to the second quarter of 2011. BYETTA sales were down $0.9 million sequentially or 0.7%. The slight decrease in revenue was driven by a 4.5% decline in prescription volume, largely offset by the full quarterly impact of pricing actions during the second quarter. SYMLIN sales were up $1.2 million or 4.7% sequentially. The revenue growth seen with SYMLIN was driven by the full quarterly impact of second quarter pricing actions partially offset by a slight decline in pen prescription volume of 0.2%. Vince will discuss BYETTA and SYMLIN prescription trends in more detail later in the call. Wholesaler inventories of September 30 were comparable to those of June 30 and we believe are consistent with patient demand. Our non-GAAP operating income was $13 million for the third quarter compared to a non-GAAP operating loss of $1.7 million in the second quarter. I'll now quickly review top and bottom line results for the first 9 months of 2011. Total revenues for the first 9 months of the year were $485.7 million, a 1.8% decrease from $494.6 million in the same period of 2010. Non-GAAP operating results improved the income of $8.2 million from a loss of $27.3 million for same period last year. In late 2008, we established a plan to manage expenses in line with revenues, and we continue to deliver results that reflect the operational discipline. In fact, since the beginning of 2010, we have essentially been running slightly above operating cash flow breakeven with accumulative non-GAAP operating income of approximately $5 million during those 7 quarters. Our plans for managing expenses have also placed substantial emphasis on cash preservation, and we ended September in a strong financial position with $461 million in cash, short-term investments and restricted cash. Net of financing activities in the second quarter related to the $200 million convertible note maturity and the $165 million drawdown of a loan from Eli Lilly and Company, our cash balance has increased by approximately $38 million year-to-date. As we progress towards the end of the year, our focus remains on managing our business close to cash flow neutral and conserving our cash balance. For full details of our financial results, please refer to the press release we issued earlier today. I'd now like to provide an update regarding key trends and assumptions for the remainder of 2011. Entering 2011, we guided that the normalized run rate for our quarterly GAAP operating expenses was between $110 million and $115 million and that this level will decline during the year. Year-to-date, our spending has been at or below the low end of this range, and we expect comparable expense levels in the fourth quarter. Non-GAAP operating results continue to be the key metric we use to measure our financial performance. We expect our non-GAAP operating results to be close to breakeven for the year. Strong product revenues and gross margins and our continued focus on expense management have enabled us to improve from our original guidance of a $25 million to $40 million loss. We continue to expect that exenatide royalties, which are tiered and based on exenatide gross profits outside the U.S. will be less than $5 million for the year. We remain confident that we will be able to maintain strong combined gross margins from BYETTA and SYMLIN of over 90%. We will also continue to expect net interest expense to be $25 million to $30 million. Consistent with our most recent guidance, we expect noncash adjustments, including depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation, to be approximately $85 million to $90 million for 2011. To summarize, our third quarter results are a direct result of our ongoing efforts to achieve additional efficiencies in our business and preserve cash. As we look to the future, we will opportunistically manage our financial risk with a focus on maximizing shareholder value. Now I will turn the call over to Vince to review our commercial activities.
Vincent P. Mihalik: Thank you, Mark. The Amylin sales and marketing organization continues to remain focused on our day-to-day business, driving revenue for our currently marketed products BYETTA and SYMLIN, and preparing for the launch of BYDUREON in the United States. With BYDUREON available in the United Kingdom and now in Germany, we are leveraging the opportunity to monitor the early stages of these launches. While it's still too early to get a clear read on the prescribing trends and other market dynamics, initial demand in the wholesale channels has been very encouraging and we look forward to providing additional updates on these and other launches outside the United States as they occur. In addition to being encouraged by the progress of the ongoing launches in Europe, we were pleased to see on Monday evening that the National Institute of Clinical Health and Excellence or NICE, the government agency in the United Kingdom that overseas reimbursement of medications, issued a preliminary recommendation to reimburse BYDUREON when used in combination with metformin and either a TZD or a sulfonylurea. We believe that this preliminary recommendation reflects the value delivered to the health care system by BYDUREON and look forward to the final recommendation from NICE probably in February of next year. Moving on to the third quarter performance for BYETTA. Sales decreased approximately 1% quarter-over-quarter. The decrease in sales was generally in line with a 4.5% decline in prescription volume partially offset by pricing actions during the second quarter. Since the launch of the second daily-dose GLP-1 receptor agonist in February of last year, 4-week moving averages indicate that the total weekly prescriptions for GLP-1 receptor agonist have grown by approximately 38%. In terms of sales, the class is on a run rate of greater than $1 billion in the United States this year. As BYETTA continues to effectively compete in the market, our managed markets team has been working to drive broader access with managed care plans. We continue to maintain greater-than-80% Tier 2 coverage for BYETTA, a key strategic advantage in today's value-focused healthcare industry. These 2 indicators point to the growing recognition of the benefits delivered by GLP-1 therapy, and we are extremely enthusiastic about having the opportunity to launch BYDUREON into a growing class supported by a growing body of clinical and real-world data. While we are encouraged by the fact that the GLP-1 class in the United States continues to grow and believe this is a clear sign that the market is willing to adopt new entrants, we also believe the class has enormous potential to continue its growth. As such, one of the key areas of focus of our sales and marketing organization has been on driving additional adoption of BYETTA by both patients and physicians who have not yet experienced the benefits of GLP-1 therapy. In support of these efforts, we are fully prepared to begin promoting BYETTA for use in combination with insulin glargine if we receive regulatory approval by our PDUFA date, which is October 22. Based on the data we've seen to date, we are very excited to have the opportunity to make BYETTA available to millions of insulin glargine users here in the United States, with the potential to provide outstanding post-meal glucose and help insulin glargine-using patients achieve a lower fasting plasma glucose levels and improve their hemoglobin A1C percent relative to patients using insulin glargine alone. We believe this potential new indication for BYETTA could provide a compelling addition to the choices available to both patients and physicians. Indeed, the pairing of insulin glargine with BYETTA would seem to be almost the perfect synergistic partnership, with clinical studies demonstrating a low risk for hypoglycemia and the potential for weight loss in addition to powerful glucose control. At Amylin, we believe the GLP-1 class has the potential to evolve in a manner that it almost mirrors the evolution of the insulin market with short-acting mealtime agents and longer-acting basal agents. As the role of GLP-1 therapy in the treatment of type 2 diabetes expands, we are uniquely positioned to deliver value to a broad segment of type 2 patients with the exenatide franchise. From uses of monotherapy to the potential use in patients using the most popular basal insulin, BYETTA is placed to have the broadest label in the GLP-1 class and set the standard for short-acting mealtime GLP-1 therapy. The unique short-acting pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic profile of BYETTA makes it the most suitable GLP-1 receptor agonist for use as a postprandial glucose management therapy. At the longer-acting end of the spectrum of GLP-1 therapy, BYDUREON and the exenatide suspension programs offer the potential for the first weekly and monthly dose to GLP-1 agents and the exceptional convenience to reduce dosing frequency the market research data suggest type 2 diabetes patients and healthcare providers prefer. Now let's move on to SYMLIN, the first and only FDA-approved Amylin analog. With regard to SYMLIN, as Mark mentioned earlier, SYMLIN revenues increased by approximately 4.6% during the quarter. The revenue growth seen with SYMLIN was driven by pricing actions during the second quarter, partially offset by a modest decrease in prescriptions of 0.2%. We expect to continue to convert our vial business to pens as we execute on our overall SYMLIN plans. Let me close my portion of the remarks by saying that we are pleased with the resiliency BYETTA has demonstrated in the face of competition. With its well-established safety profile, efficacy and favorable market access, we continue to be confident that BYETTA remains a competitive choice. Also, as we eagerly await a regulatory decision on BYETTA plus insulin glargine indication, we continue to build enthusiasm for the GLP-1 class and the potential it has to change the way diabetes is treated. With BYETTA being the only 2 short-acting GLP-1 therapy available in the market and with BYDUREON having the potential to be the first weekly dose therapy for type 2 diabetes, we believe that Amylin is in excellent position to drive the continued evolution of the GLP-1 market. I'll now turn the call back over to Dan for a few additional thoughts.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Vince. Before the close of our prepared remarks, I'd like to reinforce some of the comments made by Mark and Vince by noting that with BYETTA continuing to perform well in the market and our business running at cash flow breakeven, we have the resources necessary to successfully launch and drive adoption of BYDUREON in the United States. In closing, I'd like to reiterate that I, along with the Amylin leadership team, remain committed to creating value for our shareholders, our employees and, most importantly, the millions of diabetes patients we're focused on serving. I will now ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Dan Bradbury: Actually, before we start on the questions, before we open the lines for questions, I wanted to share some exciting late breaking news. We just received word that the FDA has approved BYETTA for use with insulin glargine in the U.S. That means that BYETTA is now approved as an add-on therapy to insulin glargine with or without metformin and/or a thiazolidinedione in conjunction with diet and exercise for adults with type 2 diabetes who are not achieving adequate glycemic control on insulin glargine alone. We believe this complementary approach to glycemic control will be a smart partnership that could result in an important new treatment option for patients. We will be issuing a press release with our partner Lilly later this afternoon that will provide you with more information. And now, I think we're ready to take some questions.
Operator: Our first question will come from Ian Somaiya of Piper Jaffray.
M. Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I had a couple of questions. So given the late breaking news, why don't we start there? Can you just give us a sense of how promiscuous the U.S. is with BYETTA in combination with insulin glargine and how you can take advantage of the label claim? And the second question I had was on BYDUREON, just the early experience in Europe, if you could share with us the rate of early dropouts? And this is obviously quite common with BYETTA, whether it's associated with the lack of weight loss or because of the GI intolerance, I was just wondering if you can share with us the experience with BYDUREON in Europe.
Dan Bradbury: Okay, well thanks for your question, Ian. With regard to the late breaking news regarding the approval of BYETTA for use with insulin glargine in the United States, I'll ask Vince to comment on that in a second. With regards to BYDUREON early experience in Europe, I think it's too early for us to provide much guidance with regards to persistency data there. What we do know, of course, is that in the clinical program that's been done with BYDUREON, there was a very much reduced rate of people dropping out of the studies, particularly dropping out as associated with GI events. So we expect that to translate into the marketplace. But maybe, Vince, you could comment on the new late breaking news regarding on new label claim for BYETTA?
Vincent P. Mihalik: Thanks, Dan. And in fact, Ian, thanks very much for the question. Obviously, this was all part of our life cycle plan to broaden the applications for the exenatide molecule by having both short-acting and long-acting GLP-1s. And for this expanded use, BYETTA does provide a complementary addition to glargine, the most popular basal insulin therapy. To the first part of your question, how much usage, actually, estimates we've been able to make are probably less than 20% of BYETTA use is on top of basal insulin of any kind. So we think there's a real nice opportunity for BYETTA to demonstrate the power of short-acting GLP-1s on postprandials as a mealtime treatment option instead of rapid-acting insulin or as many physicians do increase the dosage of glargine. And keep in mind, it's only taken twice a day and doesn't require any dosing titration at all for the mealtime component. And as Dan commented, it's a very smart partnership that does provide realtime postprandial control to improve the overall blood sugars with little potential for weight gain or hypoglycemia. So if you think about the opportunity as the number of patients that are on glargine today that aren't adequately controlled on basal insulin, keep in mind that roughly about 60% of type 2 patients don't meet target. There's a really nice opportunity out there for us to have this new indication and be able to promote it as for use with the most popular basal insulin, which is glargine.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Vince.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Schoenebaum of ISI Group.
Salim Syed: This is Salim, stepping in for Mark. A couple of questions. You mentioned that you have a good feeling from the EU in terms of BYDUREON. But in terms of talks with the FDA and BYDUREON, how is that impacting your thinking around launch after approval? I know you said "short," but exactly what does that mean? And then in terms of inventory, how much are you planning to build BYDUREON? And the second question is around revenue guidance. Obviously you now have BYETTA plus insulin, are you contemplating giving revenue guidance at some point in time?
Dan Bradbury: Thanks for the questions, I appreciate it. Just regarding where we are with BYDUREON, well as I commented in the remarks, so we obviously, we submitted the response with regards to the second complete response in July this year. And we've got -- received from the FDA in August a confirmation that they had filed that response and they issued a PDUFA date of the 28th of January for next year. We continue to have interactions with the agency, and I guess the best thing that I could say to you at this point is that we're not aware of any other additional issues that have been raised by the agency and that the review remains on track. Regarding how quickly, post-approval, we'd be able to launch, I think I'll stick with "shortly" as regards to guidance at this point. That's highly dependent upon what information we get from the agency when. The critical component for us to learn early is regards to agreement on the label and, in particular, also the medication guide. Once we have those, we can actually start building a finished-product inventory immediately. That doesn't take that long and hence the comment "shortly." That having said, your question with regards to ability to build inventory, obviously we have the facility that we completed in Ohio, that's now manufacturing for Europe for commercial product. And I would just say that we have plenty of adequate material in terms of pre-finished product that can become finished product very quickly upon approval. Your second question is relating to revenue guidance: It has not been our standard practice to provide revenue guidance, and we don't intend to change that practice at this point.
Operator: Our next question will come from Catherine Arnold of Crédit Suisse.
Catherine J. Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask you guys if you can just give me an update in terms of the dual-chamber pen filing and where that stands. And then also, is -- are there any milestones in your legal dispute with Lilly that come before the FDA action date for BYDUREON?
Dan Bradbury: Catherine, Dan here. I guess I'll take both of those questions. Thanks very much. The -- with regards to the first question, we are continuing to guide that we expect that the dual-chamber pen for BYDUREON will be available at the end of 2012, beginning of 2013, subject to regulatory review time. With regard to update on our litigation with Lilly, that litigation -- I guess just a couple of points I'd want to make. First and foremost, I think it's important that everybody is aware of the fact that we do have in place with Lilly a business-as-usual arrangement while the litigation is continuing. That enables both companies to continue to focus on maximizing the value of exenatide. Secondly, it is fairly complicated, there's a number of things that are occurring. And if I could request, Catherine, rather than me going into all the detail on this call, that if you wouldn't mind calling our investor relations group. They can give you an update of the -- of all the dates and everything with regards to the ongoing litigation with precision.
Catherine J. Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sure. Dan, could you just -- going back to the filing for the dual-chamber pen, I don't know if you specified exactly what you'd expect the time line you said directionally when you expect it to be available, but you must be getting close, I would think, to preparing that filing.
Dan Bradbury: Yes, we are. We haven't provided precise guidance with regards to exactly when we are going to submit. But obviously if I'm guiding towards -- I'm guiding at the end of next year and beginning of 2013, you would expect that our submission would occur in the early part of 2012.
Catherine J. Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then can I ask you one more follow-up? Which is, in your experience in your -- as you're rolling out, I know Lilly is managing the launches in Europe, but you had made a comment that you'll be taking insights from that progress. What markets in Europe are you watching most carefully?
Dan Bradbury: Well what I'll do there, Catherine, is I'll ask Vince to give you some details with regards to our activities there. Vince, do you want to provide some insight there?
Vincent P. Mihalik: Sure, Dan. Catherine, first and foremost, we have launched in the U.K. in July, and towards the end of August, beginning of September, we launched into Germany and only mentioned the big 5. Obviously, still have -- ahead of Spain, France and Italy launches to go. BYDUREON is off to a great start in Germany. We've seen a very nicely weekly share of market increases in the GLP-1 space with uptake for BYDUREON being very good with minimal erosion of BYETTA, so a net growth for exenatide in share of market. In the U.K., we're seeing -- we're getting access pretty quickly from some of the public trusts. They're clearing about twice as fast as they did for Victoza, so we're seeing a nice uptake there. And of course, you probably saw earlier this week that in the U.K. we did get a preliminary recommendation from NICE, which is of course subject to public comment and final view, but it's an important step towards reimbursement in the U.K. So we're pretty pleased with what's happening so far. It's a relief. And obviously, data takes a little bit longer to come from Europe than it does in the United States. But overall, we're monitoring the major countries in the EU for what happens with launch uptake and we're going to apply those learnings we pick up to fine-tune our U.S. launch. We're very pleased with our plans so far, but it's a great opportunity to fine-tune.
Operator: Our next question will come from Thomas Wei of Jefferies.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask a little bit more on the European launch, actually just to follow up on the last answer. Do you think that, that same trend of not seeing very much BYETTA share erosion after the BYDUREON launch is indicative of your expectations of how things will go in the U.S.?
Dan Bradbury: Vince, you want to comment?
Vincent P. Mihalik: Okay. Thanks, Thomas. Yes actually, given the fact that Victoza launched in Europe first, and obviously the people are interested in more longer-acting GLP-1s who weren't looking for so much the postprandial effects. We did see the acceptance of, I'll say, the more convenient dosing. I do expect that when BYDUREON launches, that there will be more of an impact on Victoza share that on the BYETTA share. We expect some erosion, of course, from BYETTA but most of it, I think, will be remains since a lot of it, I think, is on the postprandial effect that BYETTA has.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And when you say that demand in the wholesaler channel so far looks robust in Europe, can you give us a relative comparison about how that wholesaler demand looks relative to a comparable time point when BYETTA was launched in those same markets? Is it tracking ahead of how BYETTA was doing?
Vincent P. Mihalik: So Thomas, just a follow-up. I haven't actually gone back and made the comparison, but I would expect it to be very similar if not better. And the only reason I make that comment is, of course, uptake in Europe for wholesalers is a bit different than in the United States. The pharmacies tend to do -- order when they have a script as opposed to stocking. But I would expect that the uptake is pretty similar.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then just lastly, when you talked about metreleptin and the complexities that you ran into in the manufacturing runs, can you just give us a little bit more elaboration and some comfort that those issues are behind you?
Dan Bradbury: Yes, Thomas, I'll take that one. So Thomas, I mean, just to say that this is a fairly typical -- it's fairly typical issue that we dealt with that is often found when manufacturing large macromolecules such as metreleptin. And it was something that we encountered during the first validation run. It was -- clearly, it was a process tweak that needed to be undertaken. That process tweak was undertaken and we then subsequently have now completed the validation runs. And as you know, you have to do 3 validation runs, and the product is on stability. So we've solved the technical issue and so we remain confident moving forward with regards to the submission of the CMC section for metreleptin and, I think, just to say that we remain very committed to making sure that happens, given the higher medical need in the patient population that we're hoping to serve.
Operator: Our next question will come from Robyn Karnauskas of Deutsche Bank.
Unknown Analyst - : It's Alethea [ph] for Robyn. But I just wanted to get a little bit more color on the market opportunity in EU, maybe particularly into emerging Europe. Do you have any plans to expand there? And what happens once you get post the big 5?
Vincent P. Mihalik: Yes [indiscernible] you or me in terms of the [indiscernible]. So yes, in the emerging markets, we do have plans to launch in a lot of the countries in the emerging markets and of course in Eastern Europe as well. In fact, we've already launched in Romania, just as an example. So yes, that's part of our plans. We didn't disclose any of our launch dates, but we clearly have plans to do that.
Unknown Analyst - : And do you think the uptick for doctors will be the same in that part of -- in the emerging countries as in the big 5 developed markets?
Vincent P. Mihalik: Well in volume, probably not, obviously. But I do expect that we are seeing very nice GLP-1 growth all across Europe. In fact, if you look at, I'll take the big 5, just the ones we keep track of more closely, we're seeing about a 67% growth for GLP-1s in that space. And in fact, as I speak, we're trending towards probably $1.5 billion to $2 billion globally for GLP-1. So it's a robust market, it's growing. You're seeing additional growth in adoption by physicians. And I think, since the entrance of the second GLP-1 agonist, I think doctors are really beginning to see the unique benefits of GLP-1 therapy against other classes. They're looking at the convenience, the better tolerability, and I think all of that bodes very well for BYDUREON.
Operator: Our next question will come from Cory Kasimov of JPMorgan.
Cory William Kasimov - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have 2 of them for you. First of all, for your BYETTA plus Lantus or glargine indication, can you discuss how this market opportunity might potentially change if and when Lantus is ultimately combined with Sanofi's proprietary GLP-1? And then my second question is relates to BYDUREON and post-EASD and now with BYDUREON available in Europe, are you able to comment on the impact DURATION-6 has had on physician sentiment, if it has had any impact at all?
Dan Bradbury: Cory, maybe I'll take the first question and then I'll ask Vince to comment with regards to D-6. So I think it's a little bit premature to comment about what may or may not happen with regards to lixisenatide in combination with glargine. My read on that situation has been that, that program has remained in early stage development and continues to be there. So until such time as we really know what the product is that we would be competing against, I think it's premature for us to comment about what may or may not be the impact of it. Perhaps, Vince, you could talk about the situation in Europe? You were at the EASD meeting, so perhaps you could comment about your impressions.
Vincent P. Mihalik: Yes. Thanks, Dan. So yes, being at the EASD was really a very nice experience for me because I did get to see physicians and healthcare providers react to BYDUREON at the Lilly booth. It was great to see the reactions that they had both to the efficacy and safety data as well as to the custom dosing kit. First and foremost, on the efficacy and safety, DURATION-6 is actually probably one of the lower hemoglobin A1C reductions we saw across the continuum. And when you show the doctors the full, I'd say, composite of all of the different studies and all of the different reductions in hemoglobin A1C, you see the very positive effect it has on hemoglobin A1C and the efficacy. Doctors were very pleased with the better tolerability you see with BYDUREON versus BYETTA or Victoza. And I would also say that they were very pleased with the custom dosing kit. In fact, several -- I watched several different doctors go through the experience, and many of them said it was easy and very straightforward and their patients can do this. Even if it takes 10 minutes, they could do it for once a week. So it was a really good, positive experience. It fits with what we were trying to achieve with the -- many of those strategies that they use in Europe actually were the beginnings of work that was done here for the U.S. launch so it reinforced what we were hoping to see and the expectations we had around the full complement of studies that we have on BYDUREON with the DURATION series.
Cory William Kasimov - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And Vince, just a follow-up for you, if I might. When -- using a couple of comments you made earlier with regard to expectations for more switching once BYDUREON is available in the U.S., more switching from Victoza than from BYETTA, but can you talk about your expectations for switching from patients who are on existing GLP-1s versus just new GLP-1 starts? That would -- do you expect more of the patients to come from just new starts overall that would grow the overall market? Or is it, at least initially, more switching?
Vincent P. Mihalik: So Cory, I am expecting more, I'll say, new patient starts. I think the profile that BYDUREON has is much more attractive, given that it's delivered once a week. It's a first in class, once-a-week medicine we've never seen before in terms of treating diabetes. I think it's a real opportunity to really make a difference for patients with diabetes. And so some of the ones struggling today on orals that have in the past not been comfortable necessarily going to an injection, I think once a week's going to make a big difference for them. We will see some switching from GLP-1s, don't get me wrong, but I do believe the greatest opportunity is for new patient starts.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kumar Raja of Citigroup.
Kumaraguru Raja: I'm stepping in for Yaron Werber. We have been seeing that the scripts have been going down for BYETTA. How can we see the sales going forward? And also for BYDUREON, how can we look in terms of expenses?
Dan Bradbury: Kumar, it's Dan. So maybe I could just take the first question with regards to prescriptions for BYETTA. Yes, they have declined. However, I don't think the decline is certainly to the extent that, perhaps maybe many were expecting. And as you saw from sales, you are seeing actually consistent sales quarter-on-quarter over the last 3 quarters. So I think we're continuing to see good sales of BYETTA, and we don't expect to see dramatic reductions in sales of BYETTA in the near term. With respect to your second question, with regards to BYDUREON launch cost, perhaps, Mark, you could comment with regards to our expectation there?
Mark G. Foletta: Sure, Dan, thanks for the question. I think we've been speaking consistently about our plans for this. And really, it's important to understand that the operating model that we've put in place really worked hard over the last few years, is really the model that was prepared to launch BYDUREON. And that's both our sales and marketing efforts and of course our R&D efforts. So while we do expect incremental monitoring cost to support the launch of BYDUREON, we do not anticipate significant other increases in expenses. Of course as we monitor the launch, and we will look to make investments that we believe can drive growth. We will not under-support this launch, I want to make that clear, but we do not anticipate significant changes in our operating model to enable that launch.
Kumaraguru Raja: If I may ask, does this take into consideration the litigation with Lilly?
Mark G. Foletta: I'm sorry, could you repeat that?
Kumaraguru Raja: Does these plans take into consideration the litigation with Lilly?
Mark G. Foletta: Yes, yes. I mean, I'll just refer back to Dan's earlier comment about the business-as-usual agreement. And certainly, we believe that, between Amylin and Lilly, that we have adequate support for this launch. I'd -- one additional comment that I'd like to make is that I will remind you that we do earn a $40 million milestone on the approval of BYDUREON in the United States or the launch of BYDUREON in the United States and so obviously, that can support some of the incremental launch costs that we've referred to.
Operator: Our next question will come from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just first in terms of Germany, I wanted to understand the trends you're seeing. Are you seeing mostly new patient starts, or are you seeing any switching from Victoza? And then, a follow-up on pricing.
Dan Bradbury: Terence, I'm going to toss that to Vince to answer that.
Vincent P. Mihalik: Thanks. I think it was Aaron?
Dan Bradbury: Terrence.
Vincent P. Mihalik: Terrence, sorry. Terrence, thank you for the question. Actually, we are seeing some erosion of Victoza and we are getting new patient starts, so it's a mixture. It's a very early data, though, so it's hard to say where that's actually going to end up. We're pleased with what we see so far and the fact that, as I commented, we're seeing very nice -- we're off to a nice weekly share of market start in Germany. And it's been a net growth for exenatide in terms of share of market. So overall, we're pleased with the start.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then on the pricing front, can you give us any sense where -- how pricing has come in, in the U.K. and Germany relative to BYETTA and Victoza? And then the payments that the patients have to make out-of-pocket, particularly in Germany, are those comparable across all 3 drugs, or are there any differences there?
Vincent P. Mihalik: So Dan, I'll take this question, if it's okay with you. I do have the German information. Obviously, really there's the pricing in the U.K. and Germany. I can't comment on out-of-pocket cost. I don't know that off the top of my head, Terrence, so we'll have to get that for you. But in Germany, the price for BYDUREON was set pretty much at the -- at a premium, a slight premium to BYETTA but equivalent to the Victoza, I would say, the 1.2-milligram dose. Between the 1.2-milligram dose and the 1.8, the 1.2 in Germany is about the same price as BYETTA, so there's a slight premium to that but less than the 1.8-milligram dose. And in the U.K., it's a very similar pricing arrangement.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if I may, just one quick question on BYDUREON in the U.S. In terms of your conversations with FDA, have they mentioned at all you guys contributing to this MTC registry that Novo has to set up for or is running currently for Victoza in terms of tracking patients over 15 years? And if you do get approval, do you expect that's something that you will have to do as well?
Dan Bradbury: Terence, it's Dan here. Yes, Terence, I mean I think we expect, just like anybody else developing a long-acting GLP-1 receptor agonist, that we would need to participate in a runs [ph] program, which would encompass tracking in the same way that Novo has to with definitely regards that issue.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, so you have talked to them about this?
Dan Bradbury: Yes. I mean by the way, we had -- before we had the second complete response letter, we'd had extensive discussions with the agency. And we have, I think, consistently said we expect to be treated in a similar manner at this time. Obviously, this is all subject to final discussions with the agency and the final label and approval.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Friedman of Morgan Stanley.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just in relation to the U.S., your pricing strategy across your products and your formulary status. Given that you've taken a couple larger price increases for BYETTA than historically and your price delta is getting closer to Victoza and given that you've consistently wanted to maintain a good Tier 2 formulary status, how do you view sort of your price increase strategy and how you're thinking of BYETTA with regards to how you're going to try to maintain good Tier 2 formulary access? Or is one of those variables going to take a backseat?
Dan Bradbury: Well, let -- maybe I should comment on that, David. So let me just say that fundamentally, we believe that it's really important to maximize access to as many patients as possible for our products, and we continue to be committed to that. I think there is -- perhaps one thing I would like to say is that what your comment there with regards to the delta with Victoza, I think that's actually been maintained pretty consistent as a result of also price increases that have occurred to Victoza as well. Going forward, at this point, we're not in a position to guide with regards to our pricing strategy to BYDUREON, but I would reiterate comments that I've made previously that we are committed to ensuring that BYDUREON is available and there is good access to patients with -- at a low tier for BYDUREON going forward.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then just a quick follow-up, if I could. Has there been any change in the formulary status of BYETTA with the recent price changes? Or has that been stable?
Dan Bradbury: It's been very stable.
Operator: Our next question will come from Richard Resnick [ph] of William Blair.
Unknown Analyst - : This is Rich Resnick [ph] for John Sonnier. Regarding the pipeline, I have 2 questions. The first is for the EXSCEL trial. I know it doesn't read out for a couple of years, but is there any interim date that you guys might have? And if so, could you say what would be and when it might read out? And then the second question is about AC165198. I just wanted to see if the IND and Phase I is still on track for year end and if you had anything more than you wanted to say about that?
Dan Bradbury: Yes, sure, thanks for both those questions. Certainly with regards to EXSCEL, at this time there are no plans to do an interim analysis. That's always an option for at some point in the future. But at this time, there are no plans to do an interim analysis of that. With regards to AC165198, yes, it remains on track to file an IND by the end of this year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ian Somaiya of Piper Jaffray.
M. Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Sorry, one quick follow-up for you. Have you been able to track the patients who are getting BYDUREON in Europe? Just some sense that do they have any prior experience with BYETTA? I think you mentioned there's some cannibalization of Victoza, so I'm just curious whether these patients ever tried BYETTA.
Dan Bradbury: Ian, yes, it's a good question. I don't believe we have that kind of granularity of nature at this time and so it's too early for us to comment on that.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Dan Bradbury: Okay. Well thanks, everybody. Thanks for your interest and for your questions. I appreciate them. Here at Amylin, we know we have a huge opportunity to continue to advance our mission of discovering, developing and commercializing medicines to improve the lives of patients. And our leadership team and the many dedicated employees of Amylin remain focused on building the business today and laying the necessary foundation for our success in the future. If you have any additional questions regarding the call today or any other aspect of our business, please call Michael or Jeff on our -- at our IR team. And we look forward to continuing our dialogue with you. Thank you.
Operator: Take you for your participation on the conference call today. At this time, all parties may disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Vincent Mihalik - Chief Commercial Officer and Senior Vice President of Sales & Marketing Michael York - Senior Director of IR Mark Foletta - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Dan Bradbury - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Risk Management & Finance Committee
Analysts: Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan Chase & Co Alethia Young Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Catherine Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Omar Rifat Matthew Luchini Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC Kumaraguru Raja
Operator: Welcome to the Amylin Pharmaceuticals Q2 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, Michael York, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael York: [Audio Gap]  Provides additional background on the quarter. This morning's discussion will contain forward-looking statement that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today's press release, the website presentation and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed during today's call. The reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures can be found at the end of the website presentation.  Let me introduce the other members of the Amylin management team for today. Daniel Bradbury, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Vince Mihalik, Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing and Chief Commercial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Dan Bradbury
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Michael. Before I begin with our prepared remarks, I'd like to say that we were very pleased to note that during the quarter, BYDUREON received marketing authorization from the European regulatory authorities. And our partner, Eli Lilly and Company, recently launched the product in the United Kingdom.  The availability of the first weekly-dosed diabetes therapy in Europe marks a milestone for patients, physicians and the healthcare system. With just one dose per week, BYDUREON has consistently demonstrated in patients with type 2 diabetes powerful glucose control, the potential for weight loss and a favorable safety and tolerability profile. The opportunity to monitor the early stages of the launch in the United Kingdom and in other European countries gives us the opportunity to apply the insights we gained for the planned U.S. launch.  Now shifting back to our second quarter results, our comments this morning will build on the press release issued earlier today. In a few moments, Mark will provide additional details on the quarter's underlying financial results and comment on our outlook for 2011. Vince will then review our commercial activity during the second quarter of this year.  Over the last quarter, we continued our focused execution against our business plan, and I will take a moment to highlight our substantial progress. At the end of the quarter, we completed the thorough QT or tQT study for exenatide to address questions raised by the FDA in the complete response letter that was issued in October 2010 regarding our BYDUREON new drug application. The results, which we announced earlier this month, indicated that when using multiple heart rate correction methodologies, the study met the pre-specified primary endpoint demonstrating that exenatide, at and above therapeutic levels, did not prolong the corrective QT interval in healthy individuals. Additionally, the study found no relationship between QTc interval and the plasma exenatide concentrations. With the tQT study now complete, we expect to submit our response to the agency by next week.  We expect the submission of the tQT study data, along with DURATION-5 and the integrated safety update to be classified as a Class 2 resubmission and be granted a 6-month review timeline by the FDA. In addition to being positioned to respond to the FDA regarding the most recent BYDUREON complete response letter, we continued to make excellent progress on several important life cycle initiatives, which represent the next drivers of growth for BYDUREON and the exenatide molecule.  The development of a pen device for BYDUREON remains on track with an expected launch by the end of 2012 or in early 2013. Data from a Phase II study of our once-monthly injectable suspension formulation of exenatide showed the clinical profile comparable to BYDUREON, with substantial improvements in glycemic control. We expect regulatory interactions by the end of the year that will inform the design of the pivotal studies for the exenatide suspension program.  We have also continued to add centers and enroll patients for our ongoing EXCEL cardiovascular outcomes study, which is investigating the potential for BYDUREON to reduce cardiovascular events relative to the standard of care in patients with type 2 diabetes.  We also had a strong presence at this year's American Diabetes Association conference in June, with new data from more than 20 abstracts supporting safety and efficacy profiles of BYETTA, SYMLIN and BYDUREON. Of particular interest was an analysis of a large healthcare claims database showing that when compared to other diabetes therapies, use of BYETTA was associated with a 54% reduction in the likelihood of developing heart failure. This was a truly astounding finding, and I'd like to take a moment to highlight the devastating intersection between type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.  At this juncture, it is clear that type 2 diabetes is a major risk factor for developing numerous forms of cardiovascular disease, with a growing repository of clinical and epidemiological studies supporting this fact. It is estimated that more than 3 quarters of U.S. hospitalizations for complications associated with diabetes are a result of cardiovascular disease, and that nearly 2/3 of type 2 diabetes patients will die from cardiovascular disease.  Specifically regarding heart failure, compared to patients without diabetes, type 2 diabetes patients are 2.5x more likely to develop congestive heart failure, with 12% of the overall diabetes population having established heart failure. That's approximately 3 million type 2 diabetes patients suffering from heart failure in the United States alone. These numbers are simply staggering, and I could continue with a litany of sobering statistics, but I think it's clear that with cardiovascular disease being one of the primary drivers of morbidity and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes, the need for diabetes therapies that help address cardiovascular risk factors is substantial.  We, here at Amylin, believe that GLP-1 receptor agonist class has the potential to help manage cardiovascular risk in type 2 diabetes patients and deliver robust value to the healthcare system. Indeed, as physicians and patients gain experience with GLP-1 therapy and new data are published in support of the safety and efficacy of the class, the GLP-1 market continues to demonstrate steady growth. Data from the first week in July indicates that total prescriptions are 54% higher than the week prior to the launch of a second entrant in the class in February of 2010. On a 4-week moving average basis, we've seen growth of approximately 35% in the same timeframe. In terms of sales, the class is on a run rate of greater than $1 billion in the United States this year. All of these signs point to the growing recognition of the value delivered by GLP-1 therapies. And we are extremely enthusiastic about having the opportunity to launch BYDUREON into a growing class supported by a building groundswell of clinical and real-world data.  In addition to the exciting progress we're making with our exenatide franchise, we continue to make progress with metreleptin for rare forms of lipodystrophy. At the end of last year, we submitted the clinical and non-clinical sections of a Biologics License Application or BLA for the use of metreleptin to treat diabetes and/or hypertriglyceridemia in pediatric and adult patients with inherited or acquired lipodystrophy. We plan to submit the chemistry, manufacturing and control sections and complete the BLA by the end of this year. Given fast track and priority review designations, metreleptin could be available to lipodystrophy patients in late 2012.  Metreleptin is fully aligned with our focus on endocrine and metabolic disease and enables us to use our existing commercial infrastructure, thereby providing additional leverage to our income statement following the planned launch of BYDUREON. We will provide an update on the U.S. commercial plans, along with the opportunity ex-U.S. in the fourth quarter.  To round out my comments regarding our progress thus far this year, I'd like to reinforce the fact that while we continue to drive revenue from our marketed products and advance our key pipeline assets, we will continue to aggressively manage our expenses in line with our expected revenues. As Mark will highlight momentarily, our strong second quarter and first half financial results reflect the continued emphasis we are placing on controlling our spending and driving efficiencies across our business.  I'll now turn things over to Mark to review our financial results released earlier today.
Mark Foletta: Thanks, Dan, and good morning. Today, we announced our financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2011. As Dan mentioned, and we have discussed in prior calls, we are managing the business with operational discipline and are focused on generating sustainable, positive operating cash flow and maintaining a strong cash position. Our measure of operating cash flow is non-GAAP operating loss, which approximates our cash flow from operations before working capital changes. Non-GAAP operating loss is defined as our GAAP operating loss, adjusted for non-cash items, including equity compensation, depreciation and amortization, and any other unusual items such as restructuring charges.  In the second quarter, non-GAAP operating loss was $1.7 million, an improvement from a loss of $7.4 million in the second quarter of 2010. Total revenues in the second quarter were $158.1 million, a 3.8% decrease compared to $164.4 million in the second quarter of 2010. Our gross margins remained strong at 92%. Our operating expenses were $110.3 million in the second quarter, consisting of $65.2 million of selling, general and administrative expenses and $45.1 million of research and development expenses. This represents an overall $9.9 million or 8% reduction from $120.2 million in the same quarter of last year. This decrease reflects our continued focus on driving efficiencies across our business. For further details regarding our financial results reported today, please refer to the presentation available in the Investors section at our company website.  I'd like to make a few additional comments comparing the second quarter of 2011 sequentially to the first quarter of 2011. BYETTA sales were up $1 million sequentially or 0.8%, reflecting pricing actions during the quarter, partially offset by a 3.1% decline in prescription volume. SYMLIN sales were up $3 million or 13.2% sequentially. The revenue growth seen with SYMLIN was driven by an increase in 10 prescriptions and pricing actions during the quarter. Vince will discuss BYETTA and SYMLIN prescription trends in more detail later in the call.  Wholesaler inventories at June 30 were comparable to those at March 31, and we believe are consistent with patient demand. Our non-GAAP operating loss was $1.7 million for the second quarter compared to a non-GAAP operating loss of $3.2 million in the first quarter. I'll now quickly review top and bottom line results for the first half of 2011. Total revenues for the first half of the year were $310.8 million, an 8% decrease from $338.5 million in the first half of 2010. Non-GAAP operating loss improved 56% to $5 million for the first half of 2011 from $11.2 million for the same period last year. In late 2008, we established a plan to manage expenses in line with revenues, and we continue to deliver results that reflect operational discipline. In fact, since the beginning of 2010, we have basically been running at operating cash flow breakeven with a cumulative non-GAAP operating loss of approximately $9 million during those 18 months. Our plans for managing expenses have also placed substantial emphasis on cash preservation, and we ended the first half in a strong financial position with $444 million in cash, short-term investments and restricted cash. Excluding financing activities in the second quarter related to the $200 million convertible note maturity and the $165 million drawdown of a loan from Eli Lilly and Company, our cash balance increased by approximately $20 million in the first half of 2011.  As we progress through the second half of the year, our focus remains on managing our business close to cash flow neutral and conserving our cash balance. For full details of our financial results, please refer to the press release we issued earlier today.  I'd now like to provide an update regarding key trends and assumptions for the remainder of 2011. Entering 2011, we guided that the normalized run rate for our quarterly GAAP operating expenses were between $110 million and $115 million and that this level would decline during the year. Our spending was at the low end of this range in the first half of the year, but variability in our quarterly operating expenses is expected. We will continue to drive efficiencies across the organization.  Non-GAAP operating results continue to be the key metric we use to measure our financial performance. We now expect a non-GAAP operating loss of $15 million to $25 million below our previous guidance of the low end of the range of $25 million to $40 million. We earned a $15 million milestone upon the launch of BYDUREON in the European Union earlier this month. This milestone will be reflected in our income statement during the third quarter. At the end of the first quarter, the cumulative gross margin threshold for sales of exenatide outside the United States was crossed, and we began to record royalties in the second quarter. These royalties, based on the gross profits outside the United States, are tiered, and we continue to expect that the total amount earned in 2011 will be less than $5 million. We remain confident that we will be able to maintain strong combined gross margins for BYETTA and SYMLIN of at least 90%.  We also continue to expect net interest expense to be $25 million to $30 million. Consistent with our most recent guidance, we expect non-cash adjustments, including depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation, to be approximately $90 million in 2011.  To summarize, our second quarter results are a direct result of our ongoing efforts to achieve additional efficiencies in our business and preserve cash. As we look to the future, we will opportunistically manage our financial risk with a focus on maximizing shareholder value.  Now I will turn the call over to Vince to review our commercial activities.
Vincent Mihalik: Thank you, Mark. The Amylin sales and marketing organization continues to remain focused on our day-to-day business, driving revenue for our currently marketed products, BYETTA and SYMLIN, and preparing for the launch of BYDUREON in the United States. From a clinical standpoint, we had a strong presence at this year's ADA conference, with new data supporting the safety and efficacy profiles of BYETTA, SYMLIN and BYDUREON. Notably, we presented long-term data from the BYDUREON clinical program, demonstrating that the benefits of BYDUREON therapy are sustained in patients out to 3 years. Results like these add to the growing body of data that supports the value proposition that BYDUREON could deliver to the healthcare system if approved.  Specifically for patients, BYDUREON provides continuous glucose control with a single weekly injection and no dose adjustments or multi-step titration schedules. These attributes, along with an improved GI tolerability profile relative to BYETTA, could help BYDUREON fit conveniently into patients' lives. For providers, BYDUREON carries the safety and efficacy heritage of the exenatide molecule, along with consistent A1C reduction across patient types.  For payers, real-world data from their extensive claims database where their members are taking BYETTA, along with head-to-head comparative efficacy data from the DURATION program, both highlight the potential benefits of exenatide therapy. With BYDUREON now available in the United Kingdom, we're excited to have the opportunity to monitor the early stages of the launch there and in other European countries as it becomes available, and apply those insights we gained to the planned U.S. launch.  Now let's move on to discuss our results in the second quarter, starting with BYETTA. BYETTA sales increased approximately 1% quarter-over-quarter. The increase in sales were generally in line with pricing actions during the quarter, offset by a 3.1% decline in prescription volume. We continue to see physicians start new patients on BYETTA because of our well-established safety profile, our strong effects on postprandial glucoses and our competitive access. We are encouraged by the fact that the GLP-1 class in the United States continues to steadily grow and believe this is a clear sign that the market is willing to adopt new entrants into this important class of therapies, a sign that bodes well for the launch of BYDUREON.  Additionally, the clinical data we're generating is being used by our managed care team to reinforce with payers the value delivered with BYETTA therapy, and we continue to maintain broad managed care coverage with greater than 80% Tier 2 access. This strategic advantage will serve as a platform for our planned launch of BYDUREON.  Simply put, for patients, providers and payers, BYETTA has proven and sustained A1C control, powerful postprandial and fasting blood glucose reductions, potential for improved beta cell function, a low risk of hypoglycemia, strong patient support programs and broad managed care access. Now let's move on to SYMLIN, the first and only FDA-approved Amylin analog. As a reminder, SYMLIN is our wholly-owned compound, that addresses unmet needs for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes, who use mealtime insulin. SYMLIN reduces blood glucose fluctuations for more time in the normal range and improves glucose control, often with weight-loss.  As Mark mentioned earlier, SYMLIN revenues increased by approximately 13.2% during the quarter. The revenue growth seen with SYMLIN was driven by an increase in pen prescriptions and pricing actions during the quarter. As expected, we continue to see some volatility in SYMLIN prescriptions as the remaining SYMLIN vials work their way through the channel following the discontinuation of this presentation.  Our conversion efforts continue, and we are now seeing the pen account for greater than 95% of all prescriptions, with the majority of the remaining vial inventory in individual retailers. The net impact of the transition away from the vial was a decline in total prescriptions of approximately 3%. Let me close my portion of the remarks by saying that we continue to build momentum and enthusiasm for the GLP-1 market while we prepare for the launch of BYDUREON and for a potential launch of BYETTA plus basal, if approved, an important indication that creates additional opportunities for BYETTA in the future.  I'll now turn the call back over to Dan for a few additional thoughts.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Vince. Before the close of our prepared remarks, I'd like to thank the employees of Amylin for their hard work and dedication through the first half of this year. Their efforts and commitment to the organization have enabled us to respond to the FDA ahead of our own expectations while delivering strong financial results. And for that, they deserve to be commended.  In closing, I'd like to reiterate that I, along with the Amylin leadership team, remain committed to creating value for our shareholders, our employees and most importantly, the millions of diabetes patients we're focused on serving.  I will now ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Cory Kasimov of JPMC.
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First question for you is on the recent launch of BYDUREON in the U.K. Can you comment on the pricing over there, especially as it relates to Victoza and BYETTA? And then I have one follow up after that.
Dan Bradbury: It's Dan here. Thanks for your question. Actually, I can't comment on it. The responsibility for pricing outside the United States is the responsibility of Lilly. And their strategy that is being employed. Obviously, in the United States, the responsibility for pricing for BYDUREON is the responsibility of Amylin. And at the point that we launch BYDUREON, I will make that available to people. So sorry, I can't comment on Lilly's strategy.
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. Fair enough. Then recognizing you haven't yet met with the FDA regarding exenatide once monthly, can you offer up any sort of additional thoughts on what the Phase III program might look like for that program? And this -- should we assume something that is roughly comparable to the DURATION program?
Dan Bradbury: Sure. So obviously, we want to agree with the FDA the specifics of the program going forward. However, I think it's fair to say that our expectation is that the program would be one that would be consistent with the BYDUREON program in that it would be a line extension development program, and we would expect that the reference to that program would be BYETTA as the initial product that was registered with the exenatide molecule.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Somaiya, Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Luchini: Great. Matthew Luchini, actually, covering for Ian this morning. Just one quick question. I was wondering if you could comment. Obviously, there was much with regards to the thorough QT study, the results that you guys presented earlier in the month. And I was just wondering if you could comment at all on -- if you are expecting, or you have any feeling that you might have to do something similar for the once-monthly exenatide formulation? And if so, would that then mean that you would be thinking of more of a 2-fold development plan, or continue along the line extension path as you were just describing.
Dan Bradbury: Yes. Thanks, Matthew. Thanks for the question. I guess our expectation would be, and to be clear, that the tQT study that was just completed was conducted with exenatide and helped the individuals at therapeutic and higher-than-therapeutic levels, levels certainly that would be greater than those, which would be expected with exenatide once monthly. So our expectation would be that the tQT study that we just completed would be referenceable for the exenatide once-monthly program going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Catherine Arnold, Credit Suisse.
Catherine Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG: I wanted to ask you about your launch plan. So assuming a 6-month review for BYDUREON and given what you said about the filing next week, I would assume you'd be solidly in the first quarter of 2012. So I'm wondering, are you thinking about the ability to launch in days or weeks after approval? And when should we start building an uptick in SG&A expenses to account for that? And then, I just wanted to ask you another follow-up, which is on the pen, could you just talk about what are the sort of touch points or levers that will determine whether the pen actually is launched at the end of '12 or '13 or into '13? Is that something that you can control, or is that something that's in the hands of regulators?
Dan Bradbury: Yes. What I'll do is maybe I could talk initially about -- pass over to Vince to talk about launch plans, and then ask Mark to talk about SG&A. And I'll come back and talk to you about the pen. So maybe, Vince, do you want to talk about launch plans and then Mark, about SG&A?
Vincent Mihalik: Sure. So, Catherine, obviously, much depends on the label you get from the FDA and how different it may be from the proposed label because you can print at risk to try to shorten down the launch timeframes, but if there's major differences in the final label, then obviously, we have to throw all that away and start over. So I would say, in terms of planning, you're probably thinking in weeks rather not -- rather than days, just to be on the safe side. And of course, we'll try to launch as quickly after approval as we can. But keeping in mind that, obviously, with the second complete response letter, we did slow down the manufacturing folks and actually put the line into a mothball, so to speak. We'll have to dust that off a little bit, and we already are in the process of doing it in anticipation of, as you pointed out, likely a first quarter launch.
Mark Foletta: Yes. Thanks, Vince. This is Mark. Catherine, I'll comment on your question about the SG&A expenses. First and foremost, we'll be watching the activities with the regulators very carefully, and clearly, be ready to launch, as Vince said, when the regulators approve the product. In terms of upticks, the guidance that we gave -- I gave a few moments ago really contemplates that we will begin preparation activities in the second half of the year. And I do want to remind you though that while there is going to be incremental non-recurring cost to support the launch of BYDUREON that our current operating model and the sales footprint that we have and the infrastructure that we put in place will support the launch of BYDUREON, and also remind you that we will earn a $40 million milestone on the U.S. launch. Of course, that is anticipated based upon our filing very soon here that would be earned in the first quarter. But that would certainly offset expenses associated with the launch. And just to emphasize that we've also been focused on our operating model and don't see significant incremental expenses across the business to enable the launch of BYDUREON.
Dan Bradbury: Well, Catherine, Dan here. I'll just get back to you regarding your question regarding the BYDUREON pen. What we've guided is that we expect to be able to launch the BYDUREON pen by the end of 2012 or the beginning of 2013. Obviously, we've given ourselves a fair window there largely due to regulatory uncertainty. So I think the answer to your question is yes and yes, in that there is work that we still need to complete for the BYDUREON pen, but we have also built in some flexibility with respect to the timing of expected regulatory approval.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas, Deutsche Bank.
Alethia Young: This is Alethia Young for Robyn Karnauskas. And I just had a question about the Amylin-Lilly lawsuit. Just kind of walk me through the next steps that you guys are thinking about as far as the appeal process and what the timing could look like though on that?
Dan Bradbury: So the lawsuit is ongoing. I really can't comment too much on the specifics of the lawsuit but just to say that we do have an appeal with respect to the preliminary injunction, which is being reviewed currently by -- in the appellate court. However, the main lawsuit is continuing and will continue for some time. I would also add that we intend to work with our partner, Eli Lilly, in the meantime to ensure that we successfully launch BYDUREON together.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yaron Werber, Citigroup.
Kumaraguru Raja: This is Kumaraguru Raja stepping in for Yaron Werber. Can you give us an update on how the litigation is going to impact the launch of BYDUREON together?
Dan Bradbury: Yes. So just to reiterate what I've just said into the previous caller, our expectation is that both Lilly and ourselves will work together to ensure that BYDUREON is successfully launched. It's in both companies' interest to ensure that, that is the case, and both companies have committed to that end.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terence Flynn, Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I just wanted to follow up on an earlier one, regarding manufacturing of BYDUREON. Just wondering if you're planning to start building inventory and -- manufacturing inventory and building it in advance of an FDA decision in the first quarter, or if you're going to wait until that decision comes until you start to actually building the inventory? I know you said you dusted off some of the equipment but just wondering the actual production, when that's going to start?
Dan Bradbury: So, Dan here. It's a great question. Terence, the -- so the BYDUREON manufacturing process has multiple components to it. So the manufacturing of both microspheres and the filling of vials has already begun and is continuing as part of the manufacturing for the European launches that are occurring. The key aspect that needs to be undertaken here in the United States is actually the -- that Vince referred to is related to the packaging line. The work for that is ongoing now at this point. We implemented that just at the completion of the tQT study. And so our expectations are that we will build inventory coming into the launch, but the final packaging, as Vince mentioned earlier, is somewhat -- is dependent upon the approval, and therefore, we have to wait until that's printed before we fully package the products for launch. But that is a very short timeframe, by the way. Once we know what that is, it's a very short timeframe for the completion of that process.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum, ISI Group.
Omar Rifat: This is Omar filling in for Mark. A couple of quick follow-ups. First one is, how many patients in the QT study actually touched around 1,000 kilograms per millimeter plasma concentration? And secondly, on the QT press release, I know it stated that the 95% comps interval for the mean QT chain was less than 10 milliseconds. Just to clarify, was this for the largest time mean QT change or not?
Dan Bradbury: It's Dan here. With regards to the specifics of the study, we'll be releasing those as part of our presentation at the scientific forum going forward. And I actually don't have to -- my fingertips here the specifics with regards the number of patients who went above 1,000 kilograms per ml. Regarding -- and again, the details with regards to the 95% competence [ph], I'll refer to one of our scientists, who will get back to you after the call. Okay?
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Russo of Baird.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Maybe for Vince, can you give us some additional color on the GLP-1 growth? Maybe how much is being driven by and those who already like this class, but are prescribing it more versus how much is being driven by new adoption in the PCP group? And then do you expect any differences in that dynamic once BYDUREON comes to market?
Vincent Mihalik: So Tom, thanks for the question. Let me first say that as you know, type 2 diabetes continues to grow at about 6% to 7% annually. And we are seeing some really nice growth in adoption in the GLP-1 market. The U.S. GLP-1 market was about $260 million in the first quarter. So it's trending to be about greater than $1 billion, I'd say, in 2011. And given current growth rates, I think, it could be $2 billion in 2012. And we're seeing substantial growth in both the U.S. and Europe. I think that does reflect greater interest and understanding of the needs and benefits of GLP-1 given the number of people not making a goal. I'd also say, that to your question, endos write the vast majority of scripts in percentages. But if you look at the number of writers, PCPs dominate. Therefore, more PCP writers than endos. And we're seeing greater adoption among even more PCPs. This is not surprising. I've always talked about the fact that the size of the diabetes market, if you look at where the vast majority of scripts are, 80% of all scripts come from about 45,000 to 50,000 writers, and they are a combination of endos and PCPs. And those are the most active group, as you would expect, with GLP-1s. So we do see physicians embracing GLP-1s more. We're seeing that with the second entrance in the GLP-1 market that they're embracing it for not only its benefits, but also convenient dosing. And I think all of that bodes very well for BYDUREON.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. And then, just a quick check-in, maybe for Mark. Is there a point in time where you would contemplate guiding revenues again? And if so, is that levered to BYDUREON approval or some period of time after that where you have some experience on the market? That's it.
Dan Bradbury: Mark, go ahead.
Mark Foletta: Yes. Thanks, Tom. Certainly, that's something we will consider. I think we want to get through the regulatory process, kind of assess the market, and we'll consider that at a future time. We have guided revenues in the past. I think I'd just want to emphasize that we think the most important thing that -- for us to manage over the last few several quarters has been our cash use and our non-GAAP operating loss. And that's, obviously, where our focus has been. And as you know, we've performed really on our guidance there. But we'll contemplate further guidance on our income statement following the launch of BYDUREON. But thanks for the question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Phil Nadeau, Cowen and Company
Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC: My question is actually on metreleptin. I appreciate that you're going to give us more commercial guidance towards the end of this year, but just curious what your commercial team is doing to prepare for the launch today. Are you identifying patients or talking about leaders, kind of what type of activities are underway?
Dan Bradbury: Yes. Thanks for the question. Yes, actually, we've got a lot of activities underway at the moment. We're specifically working with key thought leaders in the area. We're identifying patients at this time. And part of our commercial assessment that we're completing at the moment is really to understand better the epidemiology relating to these rare forms of lipodystrophy. And we're undertaking a lot of work in that respect. We're also working through working with multiple different commercial vendors, who would be providing specialty services that would be associated with the launch of metreleptin. As you, I'm sure, appreciate, this is a very rare disease, or rare diseases, I should say. They are very rare diseases. And as a result, they require a very specialized commercial approach. So there's actually a very large number of activities underway at the moment. I don't know, Vince, maybe you'd like to add more to my comments?
Vincent Mihalik: Actually, Dan, I think you've covered it pretty well. Obviously, at this stage, a lot of market research, a lot of advisory panels with KOLs, clearly trying to understand the different rare forms and also understanding how reimbursement might play into this and how we would actually register patients potentially as a way to identify even greater numbers and making sure we understand the different rare types of this disease and how that all plays out. So I think you covered it pretty well.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC: Could you give us a sense of your updated thoughts on the epidemiology? How many patients are out there, or how many patients would be appropriate for treatment?
Dan Bradbury: Yes. So we've guided that our thoughts today are that the covering the spectrum of the rare forms of lipodystrophy, for which we've applied for is around 1,200 patients here in the United States, around 3,000 globally. We're trying to get, as I mentioned earlier, greater specificity in that regard. And also within that estimate, also trying to get greater specificity with respect to each of the different rare forms of lipodystrophy that are being covered as part of our application. One of the key things for us to work out is the range of patients with regards to this variety of disease, and therefore, the likelihood with respect to the use of metreleptin and of course, the dosing of metreleptin that would be used. And that impacts our pricing decisions.
Operator: At this time, I would now like to turn the call to Dan Bradbury for closing comments.
Dan Bradbury: Well, again, thank you, this morning, for your interest and for your questions. We have a huge opportunity to continue to advance our mission of discovering, developing and commercializing medicines to improve the lives of patients, particularly those patients with diabetes. We continue to be excited about the prospects for BYDUREON in the near term, and I would like to also take this point to say, once again, thank you to our leadership team and to the dedicated employees of Amylin, who remain focused on building the business today, as well as laying the necessary foundation to success for tomorrow. If you have any further questions regarding today's call, please call Michael York or Jeff Erickson in our IR team. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Vincent Mihalik - Chief Commercial Officer and Senior Vice President of Sales & Marketing Michael York - Senior Director of IR Mark Foletta - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Dan Bradbury - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Risk Management & Finance Committee
Analysts: Steve Byrne - BofA Merrill Lynch Catherine Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies John Sonnier - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC Matthew Lowe - JP Morgan Chase & Co Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc Omar Rifat
Operator: Welcome to the Amylin Pharmaceuticals Q1 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce your host, Michael York, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael York: Good morning, and welcome to Amylin Pharmaceuticals' quarterly update conference call. We've uploaded a presentation to accompany this conference call that provides additional background on the quarter. This morning's discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today's press release, the website presentation and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed during today's call. A reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures can be found at the end of the website presentation. Let [Audio Gap] of the Amylin management team here today: Daniel Bradbury, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Vince Mihalik, Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing and Chief Commercial Officer.  I will now turn the call over to Dan Bradbury.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Michael, and welcome to our first quarter call for 2011. Before I begin with our prepared remarks, I'd like to say that we are very pleased to announce that BYDUREON has received a positive recommendation from the European Regulatory Authority. We believe the recommendation reflects the beneficial impact of BYDUREON therapy that we have seen throughout the DURATION clinical program. With just one dose per week, BYDUREON has consistently demonstrated in patients with type 2 diabetes, powerful glucose control, the potential for weight loss and a favorable safety and tolerability profile.  Receiving a positive opinion from the European agency is a pivotal step towards marketing authorization for BYDUREON in the European Union. And in conjunction with Eli Lilly and Company and Alkermes, we look forward to keeping you appraised of further developments regarding our European application. With this positive recommendation, we now expect marketing authorization for BYDUREON within 2 to 3 months in Europe. Regarding the first quarter of 2011, our comments this morning will build on the press release issued earlier today. In a few moments, Mark will provide additional details on the quarter's underlying financial results and comment on our outlook for 2011. Vince will then review our commercial activity during the first quarter of 2011.  Over the last quarter, we had numerous developments that I'd like to take a moment to reflect upon. Firstly, and most importantly, we initiated a thorough QT or tQT study to address questions raised by the FDA in the complete response letter that was issued in October 2010 regarding our BYDUREON new drug application. As we have previously discussed, the complete response letter requested a tQT study with exposures of exenatide higher than typical therapeutic levels of BYDUREON. In addition to the request for a tQT study, the letter requested the submission of the results of the DURATION-5 study to evaluate the efficacy and the labeling of the safety and effectiveness of the commercial formulation of BYDUREON. With enrollment in the tQT study proceeding as planned, we continue to expect to complete the study in time to submit our response to the agency in the second half of this year. In addition to initiating the tQT study during the first quarter, we also released top line results from two clinical trials, the DURATION-6 study and the Phase II study investigating a monthly dose suspension formulation of exenatide. With regards to DURATION-6, we were disappointed that the study didn't turn out as we had anticipated. And we are closely reviewing all aspects of the trial in an attempt to better understand the data.  That said, when looked across the entire duration program, the results we've seen with BYDUREON have been superlative, especially considering the fact that it is a therapy that is dosed only once a week.  Moving to exenatide once monthly, we recently reported top line results from a Phase II dose ranging study in which we tested the three doses of exenatide once monthly relative to weekly dose BYDUREON. After 20 weeks of treatment, patients who received just five injections of exenatide once monthly experienced average reductions in A1C ranging from 1.3 to 1.5 percentage points from baseline. This compares to a reduction of 1.5 percentage points seen in the BYDUREON treatment arm. Importantly, both exenatide once monthly and BYDUREON were well tolerated, with more than 90% of patients completing the study.  With these encouraging results in hand, we are proceeding with regulatory interactions that outline the next steps to the exenatide suspension program. As a noble formulation of exenatide that incorporates the same microspheres as BYDUREON, exenatide weekly and monthly suspension do not require reconstitution. Additionally, with monthly dosing, exenatide once monthly requires only 12 injections per year. By leveraging the potency of the exenatide molecule into a monthly dose formulation, we believe that we are developing a product candidate that represents an important component of the exenatide franchise and the next evolution of the GLP-1 market. As a pioneer in the development and commercialization of GLP-1 receptor agonist, we have amassed nearly 6 years of market experience with BYETTA, and one of the key takeaways from this experience has been recognizing the importance of convenience and tolerability with regard to driving uptake and maintaining persistence. At the end of the day, getting patients to initiate and remain on therapy is an important part of managing type 2 diabetes. And we believe that if approved, weekly or monthly dosed exenatide will represent attractive options for patients, payers and healthcare providers. As we work to complete the tQT study and advance the exenatide suspension program, we're also continuing our progress on several important life cycle initiatives for BYDUREON and the exenatide molecule. The development of a pen device for BYDUREON remains on track with an expected launch by the end of 2012 or in early 2013. We are continuing to add centers and enroll patients for our ongoing EXCEL cardiovascular outcomes study, which is investigating the potential for BYDUREON to reduce cardiovascular events relative to the standard of care in patients with type 2 diabetes. Also announced during the quarter was the voluntary suspension of an ongoing Phase II study examining the safety and effectiveness of pramlintide/metreleptin, our investigational combination therapy for the treatment of obesity. The study was suspended following the discovery of an antibody-related finding with metreleptin treatment in two patients who participated in a previously completed clinical study of obesity. At this time, we are working with Takeda to further understand this finding to determine the best path forward. Importantly, clinical studies related to our separate development program investigating the use of metreleptin in patients with rare forms of lipodystrophy remain ongoing. At the end of last year, we submitted the clinical and non-clinical sections of a Biologics License Application or BLA for the use of metreleptin to treat diabetes and/or hypertriglyceridemia in pediatric and adult patients with inherited or acquired lipodystrophy.  We plan to submit the chemistry, manufacturing and control sections and complete the BLA by the end of this year. Being fast track and priority our review designations, metreleptin could be available to lipodystrophy patients in the second half of 2012.  Supporting the clinical efficacy profile of metreleptin, data from a new analysis of an ongoing long-term study of metreleptin in patients with lipodystrophy conducted by investigators from the National Institutes of Health, represented just yesterday by our Senior Vice President and Head of Research and Development, Dr. Christian Weyer. The presentation of the 20th Annual Meeting and Clinical Congress at the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists in San Diego focused on the robust impact metreleptin has on the severe metabolic abnormalities that are associated with lipodystrophy.  Overall, these results reaffirm the potential of metreleptin as an important advance in the treatment of people living with this chronic and often debilitating metabolic disease. To round out my comments regarding our progress thus far this year, I'd like to reinforce the fact that while we continue to drive revenue from our marketed products and advance our key pipeline assets, we will continue to aggressively manage our expenses in line with our expected revenues.  As Mark will highlight momentarily, our strong first quarter financial results reflect the continued emphasis we are placing on controlling our spending and driving efficiencies across our business. I'll now turn things over to Mark to review our financial results released earlier today.
Mark Foletta: Thanks, Dan, and good morning. Today, we announced our financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2011. As Dan mentioned, and we have discussed in previous calls, we are managing the business with operational discipline and are focused on generating sustainable positive operating cash flow and maintaining a strong cash position.  Our measure of operating cash flow is non-GAAP operating loss, which approximates our cash flow from operations before working capital changes. Non-GAAP operating loss is defined as our GAAP operating loss adjusted for non-cash items including equity compensation, depreciation and amortization and any other unusual items such as restructuring charges.  In the first quarter, non-GAAP operating loss was $3.2 million, an improvement from a loss of $3.8 million in the first quarter of 2010. Total revenues in the first quarter were $152.7 million, a 12% decrease compared to $174.1 million in the first quarter of 2010. Our gross margins remain strong at 92%. Our operating expenses were $106.5 million in the first quarter, consisting of $64.6 million of selling, general and administrative expenses and $41.9 million of research and development expenses. This represents an overall $12 million or 10% reduction from $118.5 million of expenses in the same quarter of last year. This decrease reflects our continued focus on driving efficiencies across our business. For further details regarding our financial results reported today, please refer to the presentation available in the Investor section of our company website.  I'd like to make a few additional comments comparing the first quarter of 2011 sequentially to the fourth quarter of 2010. BYETTA sales were down $8.4 million sequentially or 6.2%, which is comparable to the percentage decline in prescriptions during this period. As expected, following the discontinuation of the vial at the end of last year, SYMLIN sales were down $3.1 million or 11.8% sequentially. Encouragingly, sales of the SymlinPen increased 14%, sequentially. Wholesaler inventories at March 31 were comparable to those at December 31, and we believe are consistent with patient demand. In a moment, Vince will speak in more detail regarding our commercial activities. Our non-GAAP operating loss was $3.2 million for the first quarter compared to non-GAAP operating income of $22.9 million in the fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter results were positively impacted by the recognition of the $10 million milestone for the launch of BYETTA in Japan and the impact of our decision to forego a corporate bonus, which benefited the fourth quarter of 2010 by $15 million. Excluding the positive impact of these onetime events, our quarter-over-quarter results were comparable and consistent with our approach to manage expenses in line with revenues. While we will continue to drive efficiencies in our business and manage our spending in line with expected revenues, our current operating model anticipates and requires the launch of BYDUREON in the United States to deliver our stated goal of sustainable, positive cash flow growth.  We ended the quarter in a strong financial position with $475 million in cash, short-term investments and restricted cash. I'll point out that that is a $17 million increase from the end of 2010. While this improvement includes the receipt of a $10 million milestone from Lilly for the Japan launch of BYETTA and favorable working capital changes, it also reflects our commitment to continue to tightly manage the use of cash in our business. On April 15, 2011, our $200 million of 2.5% convertible senior notes matured. Adjusted for this debt maturity, our pro forma cash, investments and restricted cash balance at March 31, 2011, was $275 million. To help strengthen our cash balance, we have noticed Eli Lilly of our intent to draw the $165 million line of credit that was made available to us as part of the product supply agreement we entered into October of 2009. If drawn, proceeds from this facility can be used for general corporate purposes and would be due in the second quarter of 2014. As a reminder, we will pay an interest rate of 5.25% plus the 5-day average 3-month LIBOR, which effectively, is an all-in interest rate of approximately 5.5%. And there are no prepayment penalties. I'd now like to provide an update regarding key trends and assumptions for the remainder of 2011. Entering 2011, we guided that the normalized run rate for our quarterly GAAP operating expenses was between $110 million and $115 million and at this level would decline during the year. Our spending was below this range in the first quarter but variability in our quarterly operating expenses is expected. We will continue to drive efficiencies across the organization. Non-GAAP operating results continue to be the key metric we will use to measure our financial performance. We now expect a non-GAAP operating loss at the low end of our previous range of $25 million to $40 million. We expect to earn a $15 million milestone upon the launch of BYDUREON in the European Union.  At the end of the first quarter, the cumulative gross margin threshold for sales of exenatide outside the United States was crossed, and we will begin to record royalties in the second quarter this year. These royalties, based on the gross profits outside the U.S., are tiered, and we continue to expect that the total amount earned in 2011 will be less than $5 million. We remain confident that we will be able to maintain strong combined gross margins for BYETTA and SYMLIN of at least 90%. We also continue to expect net interest expense to be $25 million to $30 million. Non-cash adjustments including depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation are expected to be at the high end of our previous range of $80 million to $90 million in 2011. As I mentioned earlier, we have repaid the $200 million convertible note that is due this month, and noticed Lilly of our intent to draw the $165 million credit facility.  To summarize, our first quarter results are a direct result of our ongoing efforts to closely manage expenses. This discipline will continue to be a top priority throughout the year as we strive to achieve additional efficiencies in our business and preserve cash. As we look to the future, we will opportunistically manage our financial risk with a focus on maximizing shareholder value.  Now I will turn the call over to Vince to review our commercial activities.
Vincent Mihalik: Thank you, Mark. Before I comment on the performance of our marketed products, I'd like to note that as we work to complete the tQT study with exenatide, we are continuing to enroll patients in centers with the EXCEL cardiovascular outcome study and are actively engaged in market development activities to support the successful launch of BYDUREON. With the power of continuous control in just one weekly dose, we firmly believe that BYDUREON is a product that represents an opportunity to revolutionize the way patients and physicians manage their type 2 diabetes. So let's now move on to discuss the BYETTA performance. BYETTA sales decreased approximately 6.2% quarter-over-quarter. The decrease in sales was generally in line with a decline in total prescriptions of 6.6%. Although BYETTA prescriptions declined quarter-over-quarter, we're continuing to observe positive dynamics for the GLP-1 share of the diabetes market during the first quarter.  Since the launch of the second daily dose GLP-1 receptor agonist nearly a year ago, 4-week moving averages indicate that the total weekly prescriptions for GLP-1 receptor agonists have grown by approximately 32%. We believe that the steady GLP-1 class growth observed in the U.S. is a clear sign that the market is willing to adopt new entrants into this important class of therapies, a sign that bodes well for the launch of BYDUREON.  While the GLP-1 class growth has been encouraging, we believe the class has enormous potential to continue its growth. As such, the core focus of our sales and marketing organization is on driving additional adoption of BYETTA by both patients and physicians who have not yet experienced the benefits of GLP-1 therapy.  In support of these efforts, we intend to expand the indication for BYETTA later this year, having submitted a supplementary new drug application for the use of BYETTA with basal insulin in late 2010, we're expecting regulatory action before the end of the year. Based on the data we've seen to date, we are very excited to have the opportunity to make BYETTA available to millions of insulin-using type 2 diabetes patients in the United States. With the potential to provide outstanding post-meal glucose control and help insulin-using patients achieve lower fasting plasma glucose levels and improve hemoglobin A1C relative to patients using insulin alone, we believe that this potential new indication for BYETTA could provide a compelling addition to the choices available to both patients and physicians.  Along with the well-established safety and efficacy profile of BYETTA and a heritage established by more than 5 years of market presence, our managed markets team has achieved broad access with managed care plans. Maintaining strong managed care access is a key strategic advantage, and we continue to maintain greater than 80% tier 2 access.  Additionally, I'd like to congratulate our managed markets team for being selected by the Health Industries Research Center as the team with the best account managers in a small company category for the second year in a row. Our ability to deliver favorable managed care coverage remains a priority and having a top brained team in place will allow us to maintain strong access for patients using our therapies. Simply put, for patients, providers and payers, BYETTA has a proven and sustained A1C control powerful postprandial and fasting blood glucose reductions, potential for improved beta-cell function, a low risk of hypoglycemia, strong patient support programs and broad managed care access. Now let's move on to SYMLIN, the first and only FDA-approved Amylin analog. As a reminder, SYMLIN is our fully-owned compound that addresses unmet needs for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes, who use mealtime insulin. SYMLIN reduces blood glucose fluctuations and improves glucose control, often with weight loss.  The first quarter of 2011 was a transition quarter for SYMLIN after more than 5 years of manufacturing and promoting SYMLIN in a vial and syringe presentation, and 3 years in the SymlinPen. We transitioned to a pen-only presentation in January of this year. The SymlinPen now represents approximately 93% of the prescriptions for SYMLIN.  SYMLIN revenues decreased by approximately 11.8% during the quarter. The decrease was in line with expectations following the end of our manufacturing and promotion of the vial presentation of SYMLIN, which represented approximately 30% of the 2010 SYMLIN revenue. Until the inventory of vials that remains in the distributions channel has been completed, we expect to continue to see some variability in prescription trends.  Let me close my portion of the remarks by saying that we continue to build momentum and enthusiasm and are focused on driving BYETTA and SYMLIN sales.  I'll now turn the call back over to Dan for a few additional thoughts.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Vince. Before the close of our prepared remarks, I'll just add a few more comments. As we entered the second quarter of 2011, I would like to quickly preview our presence at the American Diabetes Association Scientific Meeting that would be held June 24 through June 28 right here in San Diego. Once again, we are planning to have a significant scientific and commercial presence at that meeting. I am pleased to announce that we have had more than 20 abstracts accepted at the meeting, with additional studies submitted as late breakers. A preliminary list of our abstracts and other activities at ADA will be posted to our corporate website when available. Additionally, the webcast of our annual investor reception at the ADA will take place on Sunday, June 26, at 7:30 p.m. Pacific Time. We look forward to seeing many of you in San Diego as we review meeting highlights and take questions. I'm also pleased to note that we will be holding our 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Tuesday, May 24, at 9 a.m. Pacific Time here in San Diego. For those stockholders who aren't able to attend the meeting in person, we invite them to listen to the webcast of the meeting, followed by a corporate overview. We look forward to this opportunity to provide additional updates about Amylin and meet with our stockholders in person. In closing, I'd like to reiterate that I, along with the Amylin leadership team, remain committed to creating value for our shareholders, our employees and most importantly, the millions of diabetes patients we are focused on serving. Additionally, like to thank each and every one of the Amylin employees for their dedication and commitment to this focus.  I'll now ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Joshua Schimmer with Leerink Swann.
Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC: Thanks for taking the questions. First, on the once a month exenatide, do you have any expectations what that regulatory path might look like for what you're going to propose?
Dan Bradbury: The big advantage that we have with the suspension program, both the weekly and the monthly, is that they will both be line extensions of BYETTA which, of course, having been in the market now for six years, we'll be able to reference that data set. Our expectation is that it would be similar to BYDUREON and that it'd be a 505(b)(1) application. And as such, would leverage all the data sets that we have on both BYETTA and BYDUREON as part of that application.
Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC: Great. Does that mean that a single Phase III study would suffice or do you expect it will require more?
Dan Bradbury: Well, if that's the case, Josh, that will be consistent with the guidance that the FDA gave us for BYDUREON. As you know, the regulatory parts of BYDUREON hasn't been as straightforward as that. So we are currently planning to have a discussion with the agency before confirming the regulatory path forward.
Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC: Great. And then on BYETTA under the doughnut hole and the co-funding requirement, did you see any impact on this? When do you expect this impact to be greatest, and are you able to now quantify the impact that the doughnut hole will have, at least, in terms of on the cost side and covering half the patients?
Dan Bradbury: Yes. Okay. That's a great question. I'm going to ask Vince to comment on that, Josh.
Vincent Mihalik: Yes, Josh, thanks for the question. Actually, we've been expanding the, I'd say, the access we have in Medicare Part D. And as a result, we had a very small exposure initially to the Healthcare Reform Act, and the doughnut hole did have some -- it usually does have some impact in the first quarter of every year. We do usually see a bump back up. This particular quarter, the diabetes market was relatively flat. We didn't see much of an expansion in the overall market. We're continuing to assess our risk, however, under the Healthcare Reform Act. It has had some minor implications for us to date, and we've included those in our financials. But overall, our exposure is not that broad.
Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Omar Rifat: This is Omar filling in for Mark. Just wanted to start out by asking very quickly BYDUREON's ex-U.S. launch price, can we get a sense of that?
Dan Bradbury: Well, until we get actually approval in Europe, I don't expect that we'll be providing any guidance with regards to the European launch price. I should say also, that is the responsibility of Eli Lilly and Company since they're responsible for all commercialization of exenatide products outside the United States.
Omar Rifat: Sure. And then a quick follow up, is it reasonable to expect detailed DURATION-6 data at ADA?
Dan Bradbury: No, I don't think it is. The reason I say that is that we are still undertaking an investigation of the DURATION-6 study, and I doubt that that will completed and certainly not available in time for submission, even as a late breaker to the ADA.
Omar Rifat: Great. And then just a final quick one, possibly for Mark, going towards the end of the year, I noticed consensus expectations are that the expenses may roughly stay flat. Just wanted to get a sense of how the SG&A spend, especially, might ramp-up as we head closer to a possible resubmission of BYDUREON and the possible launch next year?
Dan Bradbury: Yes, sure. Mark?
Mark Foletta: Yes, thanks, Omar, for the question. I think it's fair to say, we've been working on our operating model intensely over the last several years as you know. And we guided that we entered the quarter with operating expenses of -- entered the year with operating expenses of $110 million to $115 million. We actually came in below that range in the first quarter at about $106.5 million. We expect some variability there moving forward. But the operating model is in place to launch BYDUREON. And I think that's the important answer to your question. We don't anticipate significant changes other than customary launch-related expenses to launch BYDUREON.
Omar Rifat: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks for taking my question. So, Omar has stolen my questions but, I guess, one of my key questions is, have you got any sense now from talking with Lilly regarding why DURATION-6 might have come out the way it did? Any other nuances that you've noticed when you've taken a closer look at the data?
Dan Bradbury: I'm afraid you're going to have talk to Omar regarding his questions. But to answer your question directly, no. At this point, really, we can't provide any guidance. We're really at the -- still very much at the beginning of the investigation into the outcome of DURATION-6. I mean, that having been said, we do expect that we will complete that this year, and that the results we'll be able to report at the scientific meeting in the future.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG: Great. And then I guess my next question is regarding the EU market. Can you help us think a little bit through how you see that market shaping up for the GLP class?
Dan Bradbury: Yes, certainly, Robyn. I'm going to ask Vince to answer that question for you.
Vincent Mihalik: Thanks, Robyn. Robyn, obviously, we're seeing very good growth and adoption in Europe relative to the GLP-1 class. And, in fact, the market has gone up about 83% since the launch of both GLP-1 receptors agonists in the European marketplace. And so I think the overall adoption of the GLP-1 class and especially the response to the second GLP-1 receptor agonist, certainly bodes well, I think, for BYDUREON with its continuous control with once-week dosing.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG: And I guess lastly, the overall growth of the market, as far as the GLP class in the United States, and I know as of the last 2 or 3 quarters ago -- 3 months ago, that the GLP class sort of stalled and grown and then stalled. Any update on the overall growth of the GLP market as far as percentage of Asians with diabetes patients on GLPs?
Vincent Mihalik: In fact, Robyn, we are seeing about a 30% growth in volumes since about a year ago, and about 25% share growth in the diabetes class since about a year ago. And when you talk to physicians, particularly endocrinologists, most of them, 3 out of 4, say they are going to increase their use of GLP-1s in the future. So I think it bodes well for the continued growth of the GLP-1 class. And keep in mind that greater than 70% of all the scripts are coming from PCP. So, all in all, I think we're going to continue to see this class grow over time.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, well, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Somaiya, Piper Jaffray.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies: Thanks. Just a couple of questions. First, on the DURATION-6, Dan, maybe you could just talk to what type of analysis you're doing with the trial? What questions you're trying to get answered? And then I just had a follow up on the European approval.
Dan Bradbury: Yes, sure. For DURATION-6, I think it's really looking at the overall conduct of the study. This study was conducted in 19 different countries. There was multiple sites in many of those countries. And -- sorry, about 120 sites, apparently, overall. And so, it's really looking at the conduct of those sites and making sure that it's been completed. The study was completed appropriately. I think also looking and making sure that there are no issues with regards to drug supply in terms of how the drug was supplied and the storage of drug, et cetera, during the conduct of the study.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies: Is there any early evidence that there might have been a geographic bias or issues in certain...
Dan Bradbury: Well, I think just to say that we were surprised with the outcome of the study. It wasn't what we expected, clearly, from a BYDUREON standpoint. Having completed 5 other studies and each of those studies having got greater A1C reductions than we saw in DURATION-6, I think it's reasonable for us to investigate the conduct of the study.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. And just on the European, the CHMP review or recommendations for approval, what is their view of the drug's effect on QT? How does that differ from the U.S.? And I don't know if there was any additional data that was submitted to the EMEA, which maybe wasn't submitted to the FDA?
Dan Bradbury: There was no additional data submitted to the EMEA that was not submitted to the FDA. That would not be a good thing to do. And just to say that as far as we're aware, at this point, the prescribing information does not include any additional comment on QT. We have to wait for the final label. We haven't received that yet, of course, because what we've received so far is the CPMP recommendation for approval and not the final approval in Europe, which we'd expect to receive within 2 to 3 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Werber with Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: Thanks for taking my question. So I just had 2 or 3 questions, the first one actually is metreleptin. The data continues to look very, very good. As we all know, these markets are not very big, and you guys did not conduct any sort of prospective studies. Most of the data that's been presented and been published, as you mentioned, is from the NIH. Can you give us a little bit of a sense how much buy in do you have from FDA at this point to file and ultimately get approved, and how do you think about this opportunity? And then I had a follow up.
Dan Bradbury: Sure. Well, Yaron, thanks for the question. And you're actually right. I mean, the data continues to look very, very positive with regards to the benefits of metreleptin in patients with these rare forms of lipodystrophy that we're treating. In terms of buy in from the FDA, we have orphan drug designation. We've got that prior to the submission of the first part of the BLA that went in at the end of last year. That was the clinical and non-clinical sections. And obviously, before we submitted that, we reviewed with the agency the data that we had. And we were informed that, that would be adequate for review. So in terms of -- I think, we have about as much as buy in as could be expected from the agency prior to completion of the review. Our intention is to complete the application later this year by submitting the chemistry, manufacturing and controls section of the BLA by the end of this year. And we do expect that we will submit at that point for priority review. And if that's granted, then there's the potential for us to gain approval by the second half of 2012. The way we think of it is, at this time, we're still, I think, finalizing our commercialization plans. You're absolutely right. It's not a very significant number of people. When you look globally, it's probably less than 3,000 people here in the United States, somewhere in the region of around 1,000 to 1,200 patients is probably what we're looking at. We're actually, at this point, undertaking some epidemiology work to get a good idea or a better idea, I should say, of the exact opportunity. But I think it's fair to say that this is very much an ultra orphan product. And as such, we'd be looking to commercialize it in a similar manner to drugs of that nature that have been commercialized in the past.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: That's really useful. And then just for ADA, are there any plans to present any QTC data on BYDUREON?
Dan Bradbury: So the specifics of our ADA abstracts, we haven't released yet. But I think you could be assured that we will have our usual investor meeting at the ADA and expect that there will be a full review of appropriate data at that meeting.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: Okay, great. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Catherine Arnold with Credit Suisse.
Catherine Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG: Thanks. I wanted to ask you about cash flow, and I also wanted to ask you about monthly BYDUREON. So maybe I'll throw the cash flow questions and we can come back to the monthly BYDUREON. So on cash flow, I was wondering if you could talk about the possibility for refinancing your converts, and how you're thinking about that with 2014, obviously, being a big year for that obligation. And I'm also wondering on cash flow presenting opportunities to improve working capital so that you can help your cash flow position in the next 3 to 5 years.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Catherine. I'll ask Mark to take that.
Mark Foletta: Yes. Thanks, Catherine, I appreciate the question. As we said in the prepared remarks, we did pay off the $200 million convertible debenture last Friday. We thought that, that was the most appropriate thing in the interest of shareholder value to do that at this time. Obviously, we have a number of milestones coming forward to be able to opportunistically address the debt, the 2014 debt, including the potential drawing of the Lilly loan. We've worked very hard, as you know, on our operating model over the last couple of years to manage expenses in line with revenues. And as we said in the prepared remarks, the opportunity for significant cash flow growth comes with the launch of BYDUREON. Certainly encouraged now that we have the first step in motion to get the product, to make the product available to patients in Europe. And that will certainly begin to provide us some financial rewards and the leverage that we will need to drive margins for that product moving forward. We've made significant investments and as you know in a plant, including a pen line. So we're set up very well to take advantage of the launch of BYDUREON globally. And as I said, we've got some time before the maturities that you've referred to, and we'll certainly look to opportunistically finance those in the future with the interest of maximizing shareholder value. In terms of your question on working capital, I want to make sure I'm clear on the question. Could you repeat it?
Catherine Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG: Yes. I just wondered if there's an opportunity to change some of your metrics on working capital, whether it's accounts receivable or inventory, where you might have a chance to start to bring some of those numbers down to maximize your cash flow?
Mark Foletta: Yes, well, that's been a focus. Our receivables turn very, very quickly. I mean in this industry, you get paid very fast on your receivables. So that's not really an issue for us. In terms of inventory, we do have some inventory on the balance sheet, in terms of API for both of our products. Much of that is tied to BYDUREON because we've built some inventory in advance. So I think you would look to see those metrics approved as we go forward again, tied to the launch of BYDUREON.
Catherine Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG: Great. And I wanted to ask you about the monthly BYDUREON. Could you talk about PK? There is some variability, obviously, in a once weekly BYDUREON versus BYETTA. And I am just wondering how we should be thinking about what PK variability exists with that product. And also not from a regulatory perspective and requirements, but would you see yourselves for competitive reasons doing a duration-like program on a monthly?
Dan Bradbury: Yes, I think in terms of PK, we will be presenting data on the program at a future scientific meeting. But I would remind you that the formulation that we're using is the same formulation that was used in BYDUREON. And that formulation was actually initially designed to be a monthly product. So we don't expect to see very substantial increases in variability from a PK standpoint. There will be some because you reduced your dosing frequency. But we don't expect, in fact, we have not seen very significant increases in PK variability. In terms of your second part of your question regarding doing a DURATION-like program, I think once we get guidance from regulatory authorities with regards to what the appropriate program would be for approval, we'll then make further decisions with regards to whether or not any additional studies would be warranted for the monthly program.
Catherine Arnold - Crédit Suisse AG: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMC.
Matthew Lowe - JP Morgan Chase & Co: This is actually Matt Lowe in for Cory today. Many of my questions have been answered. But if I could just kind of revisit the European market for BYDUREON. Just wondering if you're expecting any kind of significant differences in that market versus what we might see in the U.S., and if you could also just speak to the commercial impacts of DURATION-6? Thanks.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks to your question. I'm going to ask Vince to answer both those questions regarding Europe and also the impact of DURATION-6. So, Vince?
Vincent Mihalik: Yes. Thanks, Dan. On the European market, obviously, as I was commenting earlier, we are seeing really good growth in adoption for GLP-1s in the European market. Of course, it varies by country and also varies by the reimbursement system. But for the most part, we are seeing major expansion, literally, more than doubling of the GLP-1 market in each of those countries. So with the launch of a second GLP-1 receptor agonist more, I would say, voices in the market, we're beginning to see greater expansion in the diabetes market of the GLP-1 class across all of Europe. So I think that bodes well for BYDUREON's presence in the European market. As it relates to the DURATION-6 and again, Dan made this comment that when you look across all of the DURATION series, and we look at A1C reductions across a wide range of patients with multiple different therapy backgrounds, we were really surprised at the results. If I take that forward, however, keep in mind that this is a very small difference statistically, so to speak, in hemoglobin A1C but not a very big difference clinically. And most physicians do weigh a number of variables in choosing what medication they're going to provide for patients. They look at efficacy. They look at safety. They look at tolerability. They look at convenience. They look at adherence, and they look at access. And all those things play together before they decide what particular medication they're going to give a patient. And if I again look at DURATION-6, BYDUREON demonstrated outstanding tolerability and, again, continuous control, glucose control, with a once weekly dose. So I think when physicians look across the entire range of DURATION-6 studies, when they look at the advantage of continuous control with once weekly dosing, the great tolerability potential for weight loss, its comparison to other most frequently prescribed anti-diabetes medications, I think it bodes very well for BYDUREON's competitiveness.
Matthew Lowe - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, okay. That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you. So relative to the sales of BYETTA, the collaborative profit sharing seemed a little bit higher than expected. I appreciate your efforts at lowering SG&A, but is there anything to a potential offset of your efforts by increased selling expense by Lilly and you have to true that up in that line item?
Mark Foletta: Steve, the collaborative profit sharing is 50% of the gross margin of BYETTA. I don't think it's out of line from any other quarter. So I'm not sure if I'm clear on your question.
Steve Byrne - BofA Merrill Lynch: But if you're selling expense differs materially from Lilly's, isn't there a true-up in that line item?
Mark Foletta: No, we true that up right through the SG&A line item, so any true-up there...
Steve Byrne - BofA Merrill Lynch: That's in your SG&A. That true-up is in your SG&A?
Mark Foletta: Yes.
Steve Byrne - BofA Merrill Lynch: So your gross margins on BYETTA are greater than they are in SYMLIN?
Mark Foletta: Yes. We're over 90% on BYETTA and so you should think of a collaborative profit-sharing line as pretty pure as 50% of the U.S. gross margin.
Steve Byrne - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then I have a question on the once monthly for Vince. In your market research, do you see that the potential driver for this product being attracting those patients that are already GLP-1 patients? Or do you see that the once monthly could meaningfully pull in patients that are using other anti-diabetic therapies?
Vincent Mihalik: Thanks, Steve, for the question. And yes, I think you could say yes to both parts of that question. I think you're going to see patients who have started on GLP-1s. We have already good compliance and good adherence; want to move to a once monthly given their experiences and the ease and convenience of once-month dosing. And I think as well physicians may look at patients who are out of control, who have difficulty with adherence moving to once a month dosing because of its convenience and adherence. So I think you could say yes to both sides of that equation.
Steve Byrne - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Russo with Baird.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just putting some of the same topics, for DURATION-6, is part of the analysis and do you have any sense yet of when patients reached steady-state versus the six-month measurement of A1C? And did you continue any patients out beyond six-months in that study?
Dan Bradbury: No. In terms of DURATION-6, we actually don't have any analysis at this time that I can comment on. But also, there was no extension to this study. So we don't have any information for patients who went beyond that six months period.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. And then on the once monthly, can you give any additional color on which dose had the 1.5% reduction in A1C and also can you say anything about weight loss versus BYDUREON in that study?
Dan Bradbury: Just to say that, well, we haven't the given any specifics with regards to the dosing information. That will be presented at a future scientific meeting. We're also, at this point, completing our work to make the final dose selection and that has not been made at this time. With regards to weight loss, I would just say that weight loss was consistent with that seen in previous studies with BYDUREON.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. And last question, I think, maybe for Mark, the economics to Amylin from BYDUREON in Europe, I think you might have said in the past where the royalties start and can you also give any color, and can you confirm kind of where the royalties start and then whether the first step up in the tier is above or below the current run rate for BYETTA in Europe?
Mark Foletta: Yes, Tom. Thanks for the question. Yes, we did guide that this year, we expect to get -- we crossed the threshold actually right as we exited the quarter and we'll expect to begin to earn royalties relative to BYETTA in the O.U.S. market. With the BYDUREON launch, obviously, we'd expect revenue growth. But I think it's important to remind you the discussion we've had in the past about the gross margin transition for BYDUREON. This royalty is pegged to gross margin, and it is tiered. And we are currently -- as we move in the second half of the year, be in a kind of low- to mid-single digit percentage of gross margins or of royalty on gross margin. And we would expect a few years, Tom, to be able to drive the leverage within the margin line to be able to drive to the next tier. So I think, as you think of your models, obviously, it's very early in terms of thinking of a revenue line for O.U.S. But we would guide you to be conservative in terms of thinking of our margins over the next few years as we drive the leverage at the gross margin line with our plant in Ohio.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our last question comes from John Sonnier with William Blair.
John Sonnier - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Thanks for taking the question. Just a quick one on once monthly. I'm wondering, Dan, I guess, if the super therapeutic concentrations of exenatide that you've used in the tQT study exceed the concentrations of exenatide injected once monthly or if it's possibly you're going to have to push the dose or do a separate tQT trial for once monthly?
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, John. Nice to hear your voice. Just to say that we expect that the tQT study that's being conducted now would be adequate with regards to providing any assurances with regards to any effect on exenatide on QT prolongation or not. This case, as we don't believe will be the case for exenatide once monthly. The plasma concentrations that we expect to see with monthly are subject to the dose that we would select for that product. But even in the case of patients who would have some forms of renal impairment, we would expect that the data that we would generate from the ongoing tQT study would be adequate for us to be able to model what would be expected for those patients from that study. So our expectation is that the tQT study that's ongoing would be adequate for any submission for a monthly program.
John Sonnier - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: That does conclude the Q&A.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks very much, everybody. Again, thanks for your interest and for your questions today. We have a huge opportunity as a company to continue to advance our mission of discovering and developing and commercializing medicines to improve the lives of patients. Additionally, our leadership team and the many dedicated employees of Amylin remain focused both on building the business today and laying the necessary foundation for our success tomorrow. If you have any additional questions from the call today, please call Michael York, the Head of our Investor Relations team. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent Mihalik - Chief Commercial Officer and Senior Vice President of Sales & Marketing Michael York - Senior Director of IR Mark Foletta - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Dan Bradbury - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Risk Management & Finance Committee
Analysts: Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan Chase & Co Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Amylin Pharmaceuticals Q4 2010 and Year End Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce your host, Michael York, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael York: Good afternoon, and welcome to Amylin Pharmaceuticals quarterly update conference call. We have uploaded a presentation to accompany this conference call that provides additional background on the quarter.  Today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today’s press release, the website presentation and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed on today’s call. Let me introduce the other members of the Amylin management team here today: Daniel Bradbury, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Vince Mihalik, Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing and Chief Commercial Officer.  I will now turn the call over to Dan Bradbury.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Michael, and welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end call for 2010. This afternoon, our comments will build on the press release issued earlier today. In a few moments, Mark will provide additional details on the quarter's underlying financial results and comment on our outlook for 2011. Vince will then review our commercial activity during the fourth quarter of 2010 and highlight our plans for 2011. As those of you who followed us throughout 2010 were aware, we have placed great emphasis at Amylin on two highly interrelated goals: First, driving revenue while operating with financial discipline; and second, advancing our pipeline of first-in-class products, most notably BYDUREON. Since receiving our second complete response letter for BYDUREON in October, we have continued progress towards achieving our highest corporate priority, submitting our response to the FDA in 2011.  I will now take a minute to provide you with an update regarding our efforts to address the key requests in the October complete response letter. As we have previously discussed, the complete response letter requested a thorough QT study, also known as a tQT study, with exposures of exenatide higher than typical therapeutic levels of BYDUREON.  In addition to the request for a tQT study, the letter requested the submission of the results of the DURATION-5 study to evaluate the efficacy and the labeling of the safety and effectiveness of the commercial formulation of BYDUREON. With DURATION-5 having been completed in December of 2009, we are currently prepared to submit the results without substantive additional efforts.  Regarding the request for tQT study, we submitted the protocol to the FDA and have recently received written feedback indicating their approval of the study design. Details of the exenatide infusion study, which we expect to begin early next month in healthy volunteers, are contained in the presentation we posted on our website just prior to this call. Importantly, with additional clarity on the design of the tQT study, we now expect to submit our response to the agency in the second half of this year.  As we work to complete the tQT study, we are also advancing several important lifecycle initiatives for BYDUREON and exenatide molecule. We are continuing to add centers and enroll patients for our ongoing EXSCEL cardiovascular outcomes study, which is investigating the potential for BYDUREON to reduce cardiovascular events relative to the standard of care in patients with Type 2 diabetes.  In the first half of this year, we expect to report data from DURATION-6, a head-to-head comparative efficacy study investigating weekly dose BYDUREON relative to the most recent entrant to the GLP-1 class, liraglutide, which is injected every day. Additionally, in the first half of 2011, we expect data from a Phase II dose finding study of a monthly dose suspension formulation of exenatide. Recall that this formulation uses the same microsphere technology as BYDUREON, but is dosed just once a month and does not require reconstitution. Also on track is the development of a pen device for BYDUREON, which we expect to launch by the end of 2012 or in early 2013. We are also moving forward with our other late stage programs in lipodystrophy and in obesity. Last quarter, we submitted the clinical and non-clinical sections of a Biologics License Application or BLA for the use of metreleptin to treat diabetes and/or hypotriglyceridemia in pediatric and adult patients with inherited or acquired lipodystrophy. Our plan is to submit the chemistry, manufacturing and controls section and complete the BLA by the end of 2011.  With fast-track and priority review designation, metreleptin could be available to patients by mid-2012. Since there are no treatments currently approved for this indication, we believe that metreleptin could become an important new option to help patients impacted by this rare and debilitating metabolic disorder. Pramlintide/metreleptin, our investigational weight management therapy that leverages Amylin and leptin agonism, continues to advance towards Phase III clinical studies. Our current focus with partner Takeda remains on co-formulating pramlintide and metreleptin, scaling up our manufacturing processes, and finalizing our Phase III clinical plans.  Now while we invest in these strategic priorities, we will continue to aggressively manage our expenses in line with our revenues. As Mark will highlight momentarily, our strong fourth quarter and year-end financial results are a direct reflection of the significant efforts we have made to streamline our spending and drive efficiencies across our business.  I'll now turn things over to Mark Foletta to review our financial results released earlier today.
Mark Foletta: Thanks, Dan, and good afternoon. Today, we announced our financial results for the fourth quarter and the year ended December 31, 2010. As Dan mentioned and we have discussed in previous calls, we are managing the business with operational discipline and are focused on minimizing expenses, while maintaining a strong cash position. As we discussed previously, we believe the key metric to track our financial progress is non-GAAP operating results, which approximates our cash flow from operations before working capital changes.  Non-GAAP operating loss is defined as our GAAP operating loss adjusted for non-cash items, including equity compensation, depreciation and amortization and any other unusual items such as restructuring charges. Non-GAAP operating loss in 2010 was $4.4 million, a 93% improvement from a loss of $58.7 million in 2009.  Total revenues decreased 11.8% to $668.8 million in 2010 from $758.4 million in 2009, while our gross margins improved to 91% from 89% in 2009. Our operating expenses were $460 million in 2010, consisting of $288.7 million of selling, general and administrative expenses, and $171.3 million of research and development expenses. This represents a 13% decrease from 2009. The improvement in gross margins and the reduction in operating expenses reflect our disciplined efforts to drive efficiencies in our business and manage our spending closely in line with revenues. At the close of 2010, we remained in a strong financial position with $457.7 million in cash and investments and are well positioned to execute our plans in 2011. I'd like to make a few comments regarding the fourth quarter versus the third quarter results. We reported non-GAAP operating income of $22.9 million for the fourth quarter compared to a non-GAAP operating loss of $16.1 million in the third quarter. On our third quarter call, we stated that as a result of the BYDUREON delay, we did not expect to achieve our previously stated goal of achieving sustainable, positive operating cash flows by the end of 2010.  While we did achieve positive non-GAAP results in the fourth quarter of 2010, this was largely due to two significant and non-recurring events. First, we earned a $10 million milestone as a result of the launch of BYETTA in Japan late in 2010. Second, during the quarter, we decided to not pay a corporate bonus for 2010. We're a pay-for-performance organization focused on maximizing shareholder value, and this decision was made as a result of the BYDUREON delay.  The financial impact of this decision was $15 million in the fourth quarter, including the reversal of previously accrued bonus compensation. While we continue to drive efficiencies in our business and manage our spending, our current operating model requires the launch of BYDUREON in the United States to deliver our stated goal of sustainable, positive cash flow growth. Before I move on to some more detailed discussion of guidance for 2011, I'd like to comment on our sequential quarterly revenue and operating expense results. BYETTA sales increased $4 million sequentially or 3%. The increase was driven by a fourth quarter price action, partially offset by a 5.9% decline in prescription volume during this period. This will speak to our commercial performance in more detail in a moment. Wholesaler inventories at December 31 were comparable to those at September 30, and we believe are consistent with patient demand. SYMLIN sales increased $4.1 million sequentially, driven primarily by pricing action and improved gross-to-debt adjustments. Total operating expenses decreased $21.1 million sequentially, with selling, general and administrative expenses decreasing from $72.7 million to $65 million, and research and development expenses decreasing from $48.4 million to $35 million. The reduction in our operating expenses in the fourth quarter were driven largely by the elimination of the corporate bonus, as I mentioned a few moments ago, and lower pre-approval inventory and commercial expenses due to the delayed launch of BYDUREON. For further details regarding our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to the fourth quarter of 2009, please refer to the presentation available on our company website. I'd now like to highlight some information regarding key trends and assumptions for 2011. Consistent with Dan's earlier comments indicating that we expect to respond to the October complete response letter for BYDUREON in the second half of 2011, our operating assumptions assume a 2012 launch of BYDUREON in the United States. Accordingly, we do not expect to earn the $40 million U.S. launch milestone or to incur significant launch-related costs in 2011.  Last year, we indicated that the $120 million of quarterly GAAP operating expenses reflected our operating run rate. In the fourth quarter of 2010, our GAAP operating expenses were significantly lower at $100 million. The quarter was favorably impacted by the delay of BYDUREON in two significant ways. First, we did not incur launch-related expenses considered in our prior guidance; and second, as I've already mentioned, we decided to eliminate the corporate bonus in the fourth quarter.  Entering 2011, the normalized run rate for our quarterly GAAP operating expenses is between $110 million and $115 million. As we continue to drive efficiencies across our organization, this rate will decline during the year. As have been the case over the past two years, our non-GAAP operating results will be the key metric we use to measure our performance in 2011, and we are expecting a non-GAAP operating loss of between $25 million and $40 million.  I will now provide some further quantitative and qualitative guidance to assist you in understanding our expectations for 2011. We expect to earn a $15 million milestone upon the launch of BYDUREON in the European Union. In the first half of 2011, we also expect to begin receiving royalties on gross profits of exenatide sold as either BYETTA or BYDUREON outside the United States. These royalties are tiered, initially beginning in the low single digits, and we are currently expecting that the total amount earned in 2011 will be less than $5 million. We expect to maintain strong combined gross margins for BYETTA and SYMLIN of approximately 90%. We expect net interest expense to be $25 million to $30 million.  Non-cash adjustments, including depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation, are expected to be between $80 million and $90 million in 2011 compared to $105 million in 2010. And with respect to our cash flow, we offer the following additional comments: Excluding scheduled secured debt repayments of $94 million, we used approximately $117 million of cash in our operations in 2010. Over $80 million of this use of cash was for working capital and capital expenditures. This was largely driven by capital expenditures at our Ohio manufacturing facility. Our capital expenditures will decline in 2011, and we plan to use significantly less cash in our operations in 2011 compared to 2010.  To summarize, we are pleased with our solid financial performance in 2010, which reflects our focused discipline to manage expenses closely in line with expected revenues. I want to assure you that this discipline will continue in 2011 and we will continue to drive efficiencies in our business and preserve cash. Executing our core objectives in a financially disciplined manner will provide us the flexibility to support a successful BYDUREON launch and maximize long-term shareholder value.  I will now turn the call over to Vince to review our commercial activities.
Vincent Mihalik: Thank you, Mark. Before I move into a discussion of our currently marketed products, I'd like to quickly note that in spite of the delay facing BYDUREON, we now have a clear path forward to potential approval and for launch preparation. In the interim, we are continuing to advance the DURATION program, the EXSCEL cardiovascular outcomes study and are actively engaged in market development activities to support the successful launch of BYDUREON, a product that represents an opportunity to revolutionize the way patients and physicians manage Type 2 diabetes, with the power of continuous control in just one weekly dose. So let's move on to discuss BYETTA performance. In 2011, we intend to expand the indication for BYETTA and target new market segments for this product. As we have previously mentioned it in December of last year, we submitted an sNDA, a supplemental new drug application, for the use of BYETTA with basal insulin. Based on the data presented at the most recent American Diabetes Association Conference, we could not be more excited to have the opportunity to make BYETTA available to the millions of insulin-using Type 2 diabetes patients in the United States.  With the potential to provide outstanding post-meal glucose control and help insulin-using patients achieve lower fasting plasma glucose levels and improve hemoglobin A1C relative to the patients using insulin alone, we believe this potential new indication for BYETTA could provide a compelling addition to the choices available to both patients and physicians. Now I'll briefly highlight the fourth quarter performance for BYETTA. BYETTA sales increased approximately 3% quarter-over-quarter. The increase was primarily driven by pricing actions and partially offset by a decline in total prescriptions of 5.9%. Although BYETTA prescriptions declined quarter-over-quarter, we continue to observe positive dynamics for the GLP-1 in the diabetes market during the fourth quarter. Since the launch of a second daily dose GLP-1 receptor agonists nearly a year ago, four-week moving averages indicate that total weekly prescriptions for the GLP-1 receptor agonists have grown by approximately 26%. While the steady GLP-1 class growth has been encouraging, we believe the class still has enormous potential to continue its growth. With the targeted launch date of BYDUREON having been pushed into the first half of 2012, the core focus of our sales and marketing organization is on driving additional adoption of BYETTA by both patients and physicians who have not yet experienced the benefits of GLP-1 therapy and to increase the utilization of BYETTA By Your Side patient support programs to enhance the patient and provider relationships an increased persistence.  Along with the well-established safety and efficacy profile of BYETTA and a heritage established by more than five years of market presence, our managed markets team has achieved broad access with managed care plans. We continue to maintain greater than 80% Tier 2 access, have reduced the number of step-edits by over 45% and expect to further reduce the remaining step-edits as we move throughout this year.  Maintaining strong managed care access is a key strategic advantage, especially as managed care organizations continue to aggressively manage their formulary status. Simply put, for patients, providers and payers, BYETTA has proven and sustained A1C control, powerful postprandial and fasting blood glucose reductions, potential for improved beta-cell function, a low risk of hypoglycemia, strong patient support programs, and broad managed care access. The potency of exenatide and the heritage of BYETTA continue to provide the foundation for our exenatide franchise. Now let's move on to SYMLIN, the first and only FDA-approved Amylin analog. As a reminder, SYMLIN is our wholly-owned compound that addresses unmet needs for patients with Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes who use mealtime insulin. SYMLIN reduces blood glucose fluctuations, improving glucose control and often with weight loss. We continue to promote SYMLIN and increase awareness of the benefits of this treatment, and we will also continue to focus on the activities to improve persistency that we instituted last year. SYMLIN revenues increased by approximately 19.9% during the quarter. The increase was driven mainly by pricing actions and improved gross to net adjustments, while partially offset by a decline in total prescriptions of 4.8%.  As a reminder, 2010 marked the end of our manufacturing and promotion of the vial presentation of SYMLIN. SYMLIN vial sales represented around 30% of 2010 SYMLIN revenue, and we expect some disruption in 2011 as the market adjusts to a pen-only presentation and we work down the vial inventory in the distribution channel.  Let me close my portion of the remarks by saying that we continue to build momentum and enthusiasm within Amylin and the exenatide one team, and remain committed to driving BYETTA and SYMLIN sales.  I'll now turn the call back over to Dan for a few additional thoughts.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Vince. Before the close of our prepared remarks, I'll add just a few more comments. I also would like to take a moment to acknowledge and thank the employees of Amylin, who's hard work and diligent efforts enabled several key achievements in 2010.  While the receipt of the second complete response letter for BYDUREON has been especially challenging, we delivered several successes that have helped position us to build long-term shareholder value and advance our innovative therapies. These include the submission of the sNDA for BYETTA use in combination with basal insulin, the submission of the first portion of a rolling BLA submission for metreleptin to treat rare forms of lipodystrophy, the design and submission of a protocol for the tQT study requested by the FDA, and strong financial results driven by our company-wide focus on execution and financial discipline.  As Mark noted during his review of our financial results, financial discipline will be a governing principle for Amylin in 2011. And I want to reaffirm that this focus will continue to define Amylin in the quarters ahead as we strive to further increase efficiency and build operating leverage. As we work with FDA and our partners to clear the final hurdles towards approval of BYDUREON, we intend to remain focused on managing the business and expenses as carefully as we have over the past two years, balancing spending against revenues and preserving our ability to invest in the products that will become our growth drivers in the years ahead. In closing, I'd like to reiterate that I, along with the Amylin leadership team, remain committed to creating value for our shareholders, our employees and most importantly, the millions of diabetes patients we're focused on serving. I will now ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Thomas Wei with Jefferies.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I just wanted to ask a couple of questions about the thorough QT study. First, just in the course of discussions with the FDA, how would you guide us on the street to think about what this study needs to show? Did you and the FDA talk about the whole concept of an upper bound with a 95% confidence interval falling below 10 milliseconds? Is that the goal that we should be thinking about? And I guess, what do you think is the regulatory pathway if the data from the tQT study actually fall outside that?
Dan Bradbury: In terms of the tQT study, they're actually, as I'm pretty sure you're aware, the ICH guidelines with respect to tQT studies and the definition of what's clinically meaningful, I think is guided within those guidelines. And we would expect the agency to be utilizing those guidelines as they have in past as guidance for their assessment of the outcome of the tQT study.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: What do you think though happens if you do show QT prolongation above 10 milliseconds?
Dan Bradbury: I think at this point, it wouldn't be actually terribly useful to speculate. What we're going to do is look at the data at that time and make an assessment about what the potential relevance would be. I mean, I would remind you that we're sitting here today with extensive data that shows no increase in the QT in the DURATION-1 study. Additionally, we have extensive data from the BYETTA program, as well as all the preclinical data that would suggest that there isn't even a basis for QT prolongation. So I understand your question. However, I think it's speculative at this time to be able to respond without any absolute data to look at.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then maybe just one clarification on the target dose range that you talked about, 300 to 500 picograms per ml. How do we interpret that? Is it that you have to test patients through a range of doses that covers the entire span there from 300 to 500? Or is it that you've decided on a particular number as the peak concentration and it falls within this range, and you just don't want to be more specific about it?
Dan Bradbury: The FDA's letter to us, which was the second complete response, specifically asked for us to conduct a thorough QT study at levels of exenatide that could be expected in patients using BYDUREON with impaired renal function. And we've agreed with the agency to explore two different levels of exenatide. That is 300 and 500 as being representative of patients using BYDUREON with impaired renal function.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum, ISI.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: Just a couple of follow-ups on Thomas' line of inquiry. Did you say how big the trial was going to be in terms of patients?
Dan Bradbury: No, we didn't actually. But typically, tQT studies are undertaken with less than 100 patients in a study.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: And then there's been a lot of -- obviously, I think it would make a lot of people feel good if we could see at some point the DURATION-1 QT data. Do you have any plans to make that data public in any kind of official form? And as a follow-up to that, could you tell us what the plasma levels were of exenatide in patients with renal failure in that study if possible?
Dan Bradbury: Sure. So in terms of the DURATION-1 data, absolutely, at some point in the future, we will make those data available. Obviously, those data are key part of the component of our ongoing discussions with the agency with regards to the appropriate assessments of any potential effects on QT with BYDUREON. And until we complete the discussions with the agency, I think it's unlikely that we'll make those data public because we want to ensure, and if we do, that the interpretation that we put on those data would be consistent with the agency's interpretation. With regards to the levels in the BYDUREON study, actually the levels -- the DURATION-1 study, the levels in the DURATION-1 study were significantly higher than we will be testing in the tQT study. There's actually exposures over 1,000 picograms per ml in some patients in that study. So we do have extensive exposures at very high levels in the DURATION-1 study. I remind you, by the way, in the DURATION-1 study, 66 out of the patients that were in that study had impaired renal function, 10 of them with moderate renal function and 56 of them with mild renal impairment.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: And what would be the primary method to correct for the heart rate?
Dan Bradbury: So the agency has actually issued a working paper and in fact the publication in this area, and the FDA actually asks you to conduct a statistical analysis, which represents the best fit of the data set. And so therefore, the statistical analysis that would be undertaken on this would be one that once the study is completed, best fits the data set that results from the study.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: If I could just slip last one in for Mark. Pretty simple one, Mark, what do you expect your debt payments to be in 2011?
Dan Bradbury: Mark, carry on.
Mark Foletta: What payment?
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: You give specific guidance on, I think, cash you're going to use in operations, but I think that excluded debt payments. Can you help us get on the right track for what the cash out the door in 2011 for debt payments might be?
Mark Foletta: There's a $200 million convert that matures in April of 2011. And what we said, we have $458 million of cash at the end of the year. In fact, the use of cash declined throughout 2010, while our operations used approximately $117 million of cash during 2010. Actually in the fourth quarter, we used $10 million of cash in our operations. So obviously, we'll focus on continuing to manage the cash we have and continue to manage expenses closely in line with revenues, as we talked about in the prepared remarks. And we'll use less cash in the operations. So we'll have the maturity in April and continue to assess our capital structure as we move forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Yaron Werber with Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: Just a little bit of a follow-on, Dan, and apologizing just for continuing to try to really try and fine tune this point. But the Canadian label is out and it does mention that the QTC prolongation is positively correlated with the exenatide plasma concentration. And when you look at the upper end of the confidence intervals, anywhere between 4.5 and about 8.6. So maybe the first part of it again just and we recall that in that study, the average plasma concentration was 208 micrograms per mill. Just help us understand a little bit. The good news is it sounds like in DURATION-1, you had higher levels, and there was no impact, right, you said on the QTC. So can you help us maybe to the extent you can understand what you saw on the QTC on DURATION-1?
Dan Bradbury: So I think the simple answer, well, a couple of things, Yaron. One thing I'd point you to into the Canadian label is that it's multiple statistical analysis in the Canadian label and in particular I point you to the QTCI analysis because you wouldn't come to the same conclusion as you just stated there. And then the second point regarding the DURATION-1 study, I think we've been pretty consistent in stating previously that in the DURATION-1 study, there was no correlation between an effect on QT and plasma concentration.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: And so there was no correlation with using any of the physical plans or only the QTCI?
Dan Bradbury: Well, in the DURATION-1 study, yes, we think it depends. You can do it on multiple different statistical methods and you don't see any effect on QT. You're correct.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: And how do you -- as you said, that was sort of my second part of the question. When you looked at the QTCI, the confidence interval is better, it's anywhere between 4 and 4.47. So that's definitely reassuring with a maximum mean increase of 2.44. So certainly, well within the acceptable range. But as you said, there seems to be at least again according to the Canadian label, the optimal heart rate correction for the type of data available in the study is not known. So maybe could you help us understand that a little bit sort of what does the label mean there? It sounds like there was some challenges in trying to figure out how to correct for the interval.
Dan Bradbury: Yes, there's multiple different techniques used to correct the heart rate. We believe, and I believe that most world experts would believe that the appropriate analysis to undertake for studying BYETTA and for studying BYDUREON potentially going forward depending on the data that's generated from the BYDUREON study is the QTCI analysis. The reason for that is because the QTCI analysis takes into account individual heart rate changes. And therefore, it's the most precise with regards to adjusting for heart rate changes in the study. So that's why I guided you to the QTCI. I would also note that in the QTCI analysis, that is reported in the Canadian label. It is a trend and there is no statistical significance associated with it.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: And just a follow-on question for Mark, if I may. Just remind us, Mark, the credit line, has that been fully paid now? I think it was due in late December? It was originally $125 million credit line.
Mark Foletta: Yes. So in December, we paid the remaining $70 million of that. And so it's reflected out of our cash balance at 12/31.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Birchenough, Barclays Capital.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital: Just on target levels, 300 to 500, I'm trying to reconcile that if you're seeing blood levels up to 1,000 in the DURATION-1 study, how does this really represent a thorough assessment of QT when you're looking at those ranges below that which you can see in patients with renal impairment as you've seen in DURATION-1? And I guess, what I'm trying to get at is how explicit was FDA's approval of the study design and what was the language they used to sign off on this being an appropriate range? Because again, I'm struggling with this really being a thorough assessment of QT.
Dan Bradbury: So, Jim, I guess, a couple of points here. First and foremost, with regards to the agency sign off, we have written sign off on the agency's concurrence for the protocol design. So just to give you confidence there. But with regards to I think your understanding of what we're achieving here, so 300 and 500 picograms per ml are way above the average therapeutic Level that would be expected in people taking BYDUREON. And although there is, in people with impaired renal function, the average concentration that you'd expect to see would be higher, there' significant variability around that. Importantly, though, with having levels of 300 and 500, which are significantly above, as I said earlier, the therapeutic levels that would be expected on average. What you'll be able to do is make sure that you have a wide range of blood levels, which will enable you to have an effective statistical analysis looking at any correlation between plasma concentration and effect on QT. And that's I think what the key issue here is, and that's what we need to assess in this study.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital: And then, Dan, have you guys done some dose titration work to give yourselves comfort that you can titrate up to that range without running into undue problems with nausea and retain an adequate sample size? What sort of dose ranging studies have you done?
Dan Bradbury: Yes, we have undertaken a small study, which has given us confidence that we will be able to complete this study at the plasma concentrations that the agency requested. That was done as part of our preparation for agreement with the agency on the protocol design.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital: And this is in the realm of things that might come up later. But we've seen some companies late in the review cycle be asked to do usability studies. I'm thinking of type A with United Therapeutics is one specific example. But what have you done in terms of usability testing? Has that been fully vetted by the FDA? And I was looking for some reassurance that usability of the reconstituted form in the dose packet has been something that's been signed off by FDA?
Dan Bradbury: Yes. So the custom dosing kit that we've put together for BYDUREON actually has been extensively tested and we've done a lot of market research with patients as part of our preparation for the launch of BYDUREON last year. And indeed, I think we reported on our previous earnings calls and investor conferences that actually well over 90% of people were able to give themselves a dose of BYDUREON without any intervention or guidance from a medical practitioner. And that was tested across a wide range of different types of patients, elderly and also looking at people with dexterity challenges, et cetera. In terms of the agency signing off on that, it's a good question. That is not a question that we have been asked from the FDA. Given that we've received now two complete response letters, we would've expected that if that was a concern from the FDA, that they would've raised that at this time to us already and it has not been an issue that has been raised at all. Of course, if they do raise that, as I just stated, we do have a lot of data to support the usability of BYDUREON.
Operator: The next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas, Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, the first question I had was, you talked about QTI being the most accurate form of statistical analysis to you. Are you going to predefine that analysis in the protocol, or does the FDA get to choose whatever analysis they want to look into data?
Dan Bradbury: For the BYETTA tQT study, we believe that the QTCI analysis is the most appropriate because it's the statistical method of analysis that actually provides the best fit to the data set. And indeed, that's the guidance that the agency has given us for the, I guess, the exenatide high-dose infusion study that we're going to be undertaking, is the right to assess the most appropriate statistical analysis based on the best fit to the data set that is created.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG: So that's predefined as far as the analysis that you will actually do when you get the data?
Dan Bradbury: That's right. Yes, that approach. Yes, absolutely.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG: Second question is really on timeline. So your last study took about three months to complete. Do you expect that this study will take longer?
Dan Bradbury: We haven't guided on the study length itself. What we guided is that we expect to be able to submit a response to the second complete response letter in the second half of this year. I would caution overoptimism with regards to the timing of this study only because that whenever you undertake a study, there are often individual challenges in undertaking that study that will be different than undertaking perhaps a previous study. And of course, there's always the unexpected that you always have to take into account when providing guidance.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess my last question is just on the market then, so the [indiscernible] scripts have sort of stabilized and so the market, the GLP, sort of still remained flat as far as the percentage of the market that they're capturing. How much growth do you think that you can get with BYETTA with your new label?
Dan Bradbury: I'm going to ask Vince to provide a response to that.
Vincent Mihalik: First, as you know, we have seen growth in the GLP-1 receptor market since the second GLP-1 receptor agonists has joined the market. In the last four week over four-week indication for TRx is we have seen growth of about 26% on TRx and about 29% on NRx. So overall, I would say we've seen about 30% volume growth and about 15% share growth for GLP-1s. And of course, our expectation is that as we continue to go forward, we do believe that from some recent market research that additional physicians are going to continue to look at putting patients on GLP-1s. In fact, we did a recent market research study. I commented at Morgan Stanley on one aspect of it. But we've done some additional work. And then in the next 90 days when we've talked to end-dose, three out of four expect to increase their use of GLP-1s. And the other part I would say is that a lot of times they're being used for different reasons. In BYETTA's case, we're seeing a lot of new scripts based on the, I would say, the well-characterized safety and efficacy history we have. In our competitors' case, we're seeing a lot of usage based on once a day, and I think that bodes very well for what we expect to see with BYDUREON with once a week.
Operator: The next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan Chase & Co: My first question is for Mark, and thinking about the company spent beyond 2011, how much do you think you're going to have to re-ramp SG&A as you approach the potential commercialization of BYDUREON presumably in the first half of 2012?
Mark Foletta: I think the way you should be thinking about that is the efficiencies that we've been driving and we'll continue to drive in 2011 will stay with us. We do not see significant increases in spending with the caveat that obviously as we were incurring in the second of 2010, they'll be some launch-related costs that will come in. But in terms of the structure that we have to launch BYDUREON, we believe that we have the right structure at the company to enable an effective launch of BYDUREON.
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then second question just for Vince, wondering if you can discuss what you believe the commercial implications might be for the upcoming DURATION-6 data. Should BYDUREON demonstrate either superiority or what it means if it demonstrates just non-inferiority relative to liraglutide Victoza?
Vincent Mihalik: I think first and foremost, we know that when you can demonstrate efficacy compared to maximum doses of competitive therapies, we saw that with the DURATION series of trials that we get real traction with managed care plans. And to us, competitive access is a key strategic advantage in launching any new drug. And secondly, I think we've been able to see that our demonstrated efficacy has been across a continuum of patients, both those I would say that are drug naive, as well as those failing orals that I think would lend both physician and payor's confidence that they could treat patients across the entire continuum and start them early on injectable therapy with greater confidence. So I do believe that it's important that we are successful and can demonstrate superiority with the DURATION-6 trial. And in fact, I'm pretty confident that we can. Of course, as you know, managed care plans don't pay for convenience, they pay for compliance. And we believe with BYDUREON that we not only will we give them the convenience of once a week dosing but we'll improve compliance as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Russo with Baird.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just to follow up on that question. In the past, I think you've declined, but are you willing at this point to say what you're powered to detect for superiority on the DURATION-6 study?
Dan Bradbury: Tom, we're going to be consistent here. We haven't provided that information, and we don't intend to. But I would just point out that the study itself is clearly a significantly larger study than we've undertaken in previous DURATION studies in terms of not only the total number of patients, but I think most importantly, because it's a direct head-to-head. When you look at the number of patients per arm, it's significantly greater than that we've had in previous DURATION studies, and that does increase the powers substantially over and above what we've had in the previous studies.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just in your recent dialogue with the FDA, have you had a chance to confirm how they're going to treat the resubmission not just with the tQT, but also the DURATION-5 data and how many months of a review they're indicating that they're going to need?
Dan Bradbury: Yes. Actually, they haven't indicated that yet. We wouldn't expect them to until such time as the submission is in. That having been said, I would guide you to think of this as a Class II review likely because it is the submission of new data, and therefore you could expect up to six months for the review.
Operator: The next question comes from Ian Somaiya with Piper Jaffray.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies: First, can we go back to the DURATION-1 sort of the QT data from the DURATION-1 study. Can you just remind us of what dose levels, did you see QT even approaching 10 milliseconds. Was it closer to the 800 to 1,000, or was it below that?
Dan Bradbury: In the DURATION-1 study, Ian, we used a 2-milligram dose of BYDUREON. There was a wide range of plasma concentrations associated with that dose. And as I said earlier, there was no correlation in that study between plasma concentrations and affect on QT.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies: And how long in the upcoming thorough QT study how long will you maintain patients at each one of those dose levels, whether it be 350 or 500, or are you just maintaining within the range?
Dan Bradbury: We haven't given out the specific details relating to that. The study itself, as you can see from the slide, that's in the deck that's associated with the call. There's a fair amount of detail in there in terms of the design. It's a three-way crossover study, and we will be looking at the two different plasma concentration levels, as I said earlier. But in terms of the exact details, the conduct of the study, we've not provided that level of detail.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies: Just with the dialogue with the FDA, was there anything unique to the study you'll be conducting relative to maybe the guidance that the FDA has provided to other companies, which have potentially similar issues?
Dan Bradbury: I'm not aware of anything that's unique to this study. I think, firstly, it is actually consistent with the ICH guidelines in terms of the way that the study will be conducted. And not to my knowledge that there's anything particularly unique except for the fact that of course it's, with exenatide, elevated levels of exenatide 300 and 500 picograms per ml.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies: Is this a check the box study for them? Just trying to gauge their level of concern and you also getting this filed.
Dan Bradbury: I appreciate you trying to do that. I think it's very difficult when dealing with the regulatory authorities to really understand what is the level of concern. What we do now is that they've asked us to do the study. We've now got the agreement to the study design, and I'm confident that we'll be able to execute this study well and be able to submit it to the FDA in the second half of this year.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies: Inventory, how much will you have at the time of launch?
Dan Bradbury: You're talking about BYDUREON inventory, I presume?
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies: Yes, BYDUREON inventory.
Dan Bradbury: We'll have plenty. I mean, we have adequate capacity at our facility in Ohio. And I would remind you that at this time, that facility is currently producing products to be used in Europe for the European launch of BYDUREON, which we are hopeful will occur in the first half of this year.
Mark Foletta: And the only thing I'll add to that, Ian, is that we also have inventory that potentially can be used that we built in 2010 in preparation for launch depending upon the ultimate timing of launch. So as Dan said, that facility has capacity to get going as soon as we're ready to get going. We have an indication that it's time to get going.
Operator: We are out of time for additional questions. I will now turn it back over to Dan Bradbury for closing remarks.
Dan Bradbury: Well, thank you all for your interest and for your questions today. We have a huge opportunity as a company to continue to advance our mission of discovering and developing and commercializing medicines that improve the lives of patients with diabetes. Additionally, our leadership team and the many dedicated employees of Amylin remain focused on building the business today, and laying the foundation for success tomorrow.If you have any additional questions after today's call, please call Michael York, the head of our Investor Relations team. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. The call has concluded. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Beatrice Cazala - Member of Management Council, President of Global Commercialization and President of Europe Operations Elliott Sigal - Chief Scientific Officer, Executive Vice President, Member of Management Council, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Science & Technology Committee and President of Research & Development Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer, Director, Member of Management Council, Member of Science & Technology Committee and Member of Executive Committee Charles Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Management Council Tony Hooper - Member of Management Council and President of Americas Operations John Elicker - Investor Relations Executive
Analysts: John Boris - Citigroup Inc David Risinger Tim Anderson - Bernstein Research Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Steve Scala - Cowen and Company, LLC Christopher Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC Charles Butler - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Third Quarter Earnings 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Elicker: . Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us to review our third quarter results. With me today are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. They'll have prepared remarks. And then joining us for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Beatrice Cazala, Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations, with responsibility for Global Commercialization, Europe and Emerging Markets; and also Tony Hooper, Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations, with responsibility for U.S., Japan and other international markets. Before we get started, I want to take care of the legal matters. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's recent report on 10-K and reports on 10-Q and 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website or from Bristol-Myers Squibb Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if estimates change. During the call, we'll also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, adjusted to include certain costs expenses, gains and losses and other specified items. Reconciliations to these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website. Lamberto?
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. We have completed another quarter in which we continued to successfully deliver against the execution of our strategy. Let me walk you through the highlights. Our financial performance in the quarter was solid. Double-digit growth in earnings per share demonstrate our ability to operate in a very challenging environment as we continue to see the impact of U.S. healthcare reform and are beginning to see an impact from incremental pricing pressures in Europe. Despite these challenges, operationally, we are completely focused on growing our portfolio of innovative products and preparing for the potential launch of new products during the fourth quarter and into 2011, all while continuing to deliver on productivity initiatives across the entire company. As you have seen in our release, we are reaffirming our guidance for 2010 GAAP and non-GAAP EPS. Strategic and disciplined capital allocation remains a key part of our BioPharma strategy. We finished the quarter in a very strong financial position, with approximately $10.9 billion in cash and marketable securities. Business development remains a top priority for capital allocation, and we also remain committed to the dividends, and are actively engaged in the share repurchase program begun in the second quarter. In October, we completed the acquisition of ZymoGenetics, the transaction built on our long-term commitment to virology by giving up full ownership of PEG-Interferon lambda currently in development for Hepatitis C. We are looking forward to present 12-week Phase IIb data on lambda and our small molecule antivirals in development for Hepatitis C, at AASLD [American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases] between October 29 and November 2. In addition, we are excited by the seven early clinical and preclinical programs from ZymoGenetics that expands our strong biologic capability in oncology and immunoscience and by the FDA-approved specialty surgical biologic, RECOTHROM. On a less positive note, we received a warning letter from the FDA about certain processes and practices to be improved or remediated at our manufacturing facility in Manati, Puerto Rico. We have provided a response to the FDA warning letter, including details of the actions that we are taking, and we expect that Manati facility will be inspection-rated by the end of the year. Manufacturing continues uninterrupted at Manati, and I want to assure you that resolving the issues in Manati is one of our top priorities. This was another good, very good quarter for clinical data. We presented key data from our cardiovascular and diabetic franchises at important medical meetings. At the European Society of Cardiology meeting in August, we presented the preliminary results of the Phase III AVERROES trial for apixaban, or ELIQUIS, as we will market it, in patients with atrial fibrillation, who are unsuitable for treatment with warfarin. The preliminary results demonstrated that apixaban significantly reduced the relative risk of a composite of stroke or systemic embolism by 54% compared with aspirin, without a significant increase in major bleeding. We believe this is an area of significant unmet medical need and is up to 40% to 50% of patients are identified as unsuitable for treatment with warfarin. Today, now I'm glad to inform you that based on the strength of these data, we, along with our partner Pfizer, have already initiated a rolling submission with the FDA. We expect the submission to be complete in the early part of 2011. For dapagliflozin, we have now presented results from five of the total 11 Phase III studies for this novel, first-in-class diabetes compound. We are excited by its potential emerging profile that balances a triad of benefits: good HbA1c control, improvements in blood pressure and increased weight loss, with what appears to be a manageable safety and tolerability profile. We and our partner AstraZeneca are on track to submit, as previously announced, our application for the marketing authorization of dapagliflozin in Europe by the end of 2010, early 2011. Today, now I have also good news for dapagliflozin in the U.S. I am pleased to announce that we have completed the analysis of cardiovascular data mandated by the new FDA guidelines. And based on that analysis, we plan to submit also in the U.S. at the end of 2010, early 2011. We also submitted a response to the FDA, a complete response letter regarding the BLA [Biologics License Application] for neurologics. We have been advised that we must resolve the issue at Manati prior to gaining approval of the pending BLA. And based on our assumptions, when Manati will be inspection-rated by the end of the year, we hope to hear the decision on the BLA in the second quarter of 2011. On the regulatory front, last week, we achieved a positive opinion from the CHMP [Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use] in Europe for SPRYCEL first line, and we look forward to progressing there. We are anticipating there are other key regulatory decisions in the coming months. In the U.S., we expect to hear the FDA's decision for both SPRYCEL first line and for the fixed-dose combination of ONGLYZA and metformin by the end of this month, the month of October. Additionally, we feel very positive about the prospects for ipilimumab, and we'll continue to work with the FDA and other regulatory agencies on its approval. Now let me turn it over to Charlie.
Charles Bancroft: Thank you, Lamberto, and good morning, everyone. We did have another quarter of solid growth. We delivered non-GAAP EPS of $0.59 or 26% increase over last year, supported by sales growth in most of our key products and continued expense management. Included in our third quarter EPS is a negative $0.02 impact of U.S. healthcare reform. I want to give you some brief highlights from our third quarter financial results and talk about guidance before we go to your questions. The company reported third quarter net sales from continuing operations of $4.8 billion, flat compared to last year, or up 1% net of foreign exchange. U.S. healthcare reform had a 1.6% negative impact on net sales in the quarter and incremental EU measures had a negative impact of just under 1%. Volume was up 1%. The third quarter sales performance was driven in large part by strength in our Virology Franchise, PLAVIX, ORENCIA and SPRYCEL. Growth in these brands was primary offset by declines in our mature brands. Our Virology Franchise had solid global sales growth, up 8% from a year ago. This sales strength demonstrates the continued strong demand for REYATAZ and SUSTIVA franchise, and BARACLUDE across both our U.S. and international markets. U.S. PLAVIX sales grew 9% in the quarter. In Europe, we saw a continued erosion of PLAVIX as generic clopidogrel was available in most of the countries. As we said, we expect erosion of PLAVIX sales in Europe to begin to slow, but it will continue. The impact is primarily recorded in equity income from affiliates in our P&L. In the U.S., ABILIFY prescription demand increased to 3%. And while lower growth than Q2, ABILIFY continues to grow faster than the market. However, ABILIFY reported sales in the U.S. were down 11% due to the negative impact of U.S. healthcare reform and reduction in our share of net sales under the revised contractual terms sales with Otsuka. Lastly, our mature brands declined 19% or $169 million compared to last year. Divestitures in and rationalization of our non-strategic mature brands portfolio had a negative impact year-over-year of approximately $65 million. In aggregate, U.S. healthcare reform, EU pricing measures, the ABILIFY contract extension and mature brands divestitures had a combined negative 4% impact on our reported total company sales in the quarter. The impact from U.S. healthcare reform has been slightly less than our original estimate, and we now expect a $0.10 impact for 2010. Our estimated impact for 2011 EPS has not changed, given the annualization of managed Medicaid, expected 340B hospital expansion and the new impacts from the Part D Donut Hole coverage and the pharma fee. Now let me give you some highlights from the rest of our P&L. I will focus my comments on our non-GAAP results. Reconciliations to our GAAP results are available in our press release and our website. Gross margin increased 80 basis points to 73.9% compared to the third quarter of 2009. Improvements in product mix, productivity and impact from foreign exchange were only partially offset by the impact from the changes in the contractual agreement with Otsuka. Advertising and promotion expenses were down 10% to $231 million for the quarter. The decrease is due to less spending on the promotion of those products at the end of their life cycle and to Otsuka's reimbursement of certain ABILIFY, SPRYCEL and IXEMPRA expenses. This was partially offset by increased prelaunch spending on new products and indications. Equity income from affiliates declined 50%, driven by continued erosion of PLAVIX sales in Europe, as I mentioned earlier. The effective overall non-GAAP tax rate on earnings from continuing operations was 20% in the third quarter. The lower tax rate was primarily due to the favorable resolution of certain tax audits. You should note that this reserve release was assumed when we gave our full year guidance. Our guidance remains between 23% and 24% for the year, assuming passage of the R&D tax credit. As a reminder, we only account for the tax credit in the quarter in which it happened. Let me turn to guidance. As Lamberto mentioned, we are operating in challenging times. Macroeconomic issues, U.S. healthcare reform and incremental pricing pressure in Europe are all having an impact on our business. As demonstrated by our third quarter results, we have been very efficient in managing our expenses to help offset some of this impact. However, moving forward, these challenges will create a headwind. We believe we have a very attractive portfolio and while we remain keenly focused on productivity, we are also committed to making the appropriate investments required to maximize the long-term value of our assets. We are confirming our previous 2010 GAAP and non-GAAP EPS guidance with a few adjustments to our non-GAAP line item guidance. We expect Q4 sales growth to be consistent with Q3, resulting in low to mid-single-digit growth for the year. Advertising and promotion should decrease in the low double-digits as compared to our original guidance of a high single-digit decrease. R&D will increase in the mid-single-digit range. As I said, we expect our tax rate to remain between 23% to 24%, assuming the R&D tax credit is passed in Q4. In closing, we have a solid third quarter, double-digit EPS growth supported by key brands, good management of expenses, a strong cash position, confirmation of our 2010 EPS guidance and the continued positive of our innovative pipeline. I would now like to turn it over to your questions.
John Elicker: . Thanks, Charlie, and thanks, Lamberto, for the remarks. I think we're ready to go to the Q&A. And if I just could -- a quick reminder to folks, in addition to Lamberto and Charlie, we have Elliott, Beatrice and Tony here to answer any questions you might have. Pat?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question from David Risinger of Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger: I have three questions. I guess, the first is for Lamberto. Lamberto, I was hoping that you could characterize the x U.S. price pressure that you expect in 2011 versus what you've experienced in 2010. And then for Elliott, I'm hoping that you can update us of the first-line event rate and the expected timing of study readout. And then finally, if you could just provide any comments on the three-year belatacept data.
Lamberto Andreotti: David, I will talk about the impact on our prices, but I will ask Beatrice to continue. For sure, what we said and others we have said, what we have seen in 2010, we expect in 2011 is a combination of negative actions by a huge number of countries all at the same time. While in the past, there was a couple of major countries and a few minor countries asking and the others were staying on their pricing patterns, what we see now is a combination of everything at the same time. So Beatrice is going to get your numbers.
Beatrice Cazala: Yes, we have looked now at all the key markets where we have a better idea of what could be '11 features. And we believe that in addition to the current labor pressure we have had in Europe, we probably will have an additional 1% to 2% incremental to historical level pressure once we have combined all various form of government measures and pricing and some time for impact of cost across the regions.
Charles Bancroft: Yes, and I would just like to add because Beatrice is referring to 2010, in which we have historically had 2% to 2.5% and we budget that and we manage that, that's been typical as Lamberto mentioned. What we see now in the third quarter is roughly a 4% impact due to EU pricing pressures and on an annualized basis, we think it's 1% to 2% higher than our historical levels. And when we move forward into 2011, it's probably in the mid-single-digit range incremental to what we have in our historical levels.
Elliott Sigal: David, with regard to the R&D questions, this is Elliott. On ipilimumab as you know, we are under a regulatory review both in the Europe and U.S. on our '20 study, which is in pretreated patients. And those reviews are progressing in patients that have not received treatments in metastatic melanoma. Our study '24 continues, it is event-driven. It is comparing, adding to standard of care dacarbazine versus dacarbazine alone. And we are estimating that we will have results in early '11. With regard to belatacept, we have answered the complete response, including the submission of the 36-month data. I'm encouraged by the data. I believe it supports the benefit/risk profile of belatacept, and we expect this data at the American Transplant Congress meeting in May of '11.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Jami Rubin out of Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: For you, Elliott and Beatrice, lots of noise obviously around the anticoagulant marketplace with the recent approval and launch of PRADAXA and the upcoming data release of ROCKET AF in the next couple of weeks. Can you frame for us the opportunity that you see in the anticoagulant market? And assuming that apixaban is third to the market, just given the timing of the large Phase III AF [atrial fibrillation] trials, what will your marketing message be? Obviously, you're a twice-a-day drug versus XARELTO, which is a once-a-day drug. So if you could elaborate on that, please? And then secondly again, on ipilimumab, FDA is holding a panel meeting on December 2 related to the '20 study, what is the strategy around the balancing the front-line study with the second-line study, given that just around the PDUFA [Prescription Drug User Fee Act] date, December 25, Elliott, you said that the front-line study would be reporting out?
Elliott Sigal: Jami, this is Elliott. Let me just correct my statement that if the first-line study is event-driven, we have been continually projecting when we would have it. And I think it would be probably towards the end of the first quarter of '11. But the application in front of the agencies have to do with the benefit/risk around the second-line patients, and I think the data is robust with a survival benefit. And that is the data that we are engaged in discussing with the FDA and those regulatory authorities abroad. Let me just say that with regard to anticoagulants, in general, I think both Beatrice and I, representing the company, agree that this is a huge new opportunity. There will be different profiles of drugs out there. Our belief medically and commercially from the very beginning was that doctors and patients wanted a safer Coumadin, so to speak. The big unmet medical need is the less bleeding so that we can administer this drug to patients and achieve some benefit. We are struck by the large percentage of patients that go untreated, even though efficacy of Coumadin is known, and often offered aspirin, a less efficacious drug, because of the fear of the benefit/risk in the narrow therapeutic window of Coumadin. And hence, AVERROES was performed in patients that could not tolerate or could not take Coumadin. Based on that data that we presented to European Society of Congress, we think that, that stands on its own. We are in a fast-track procedure with a rolling submission and hope to complete that by the beginning of next year, sometime in '11 of the first quarter. Meanwhile, we await the profiles. We still see major opportunity. I'll let Beatrice comment further. And we are anxiously awaiting the ROCKET data --
Beatrice Cazala: Yes, Jami. Overall market research and also discussion with patient, physician, from generalist to our European leaders, clearly emphasize the need for a product at least as efficacious as warfarin, but is easier to use in addition to safer to use. So what we see there is a strong role for more usage, and you see a number of patients that are not treated to date, not just the warfarin patients that can be switched, it's also all the patients that are not treated at all or were treated by aspirin previously. You see large discontinuation in those trials for aspirin, for warfarin. So we know very likely, we'll be coming served, but you may have surprise, you never know after November. Obviously, being served doesn't mean that untapped potentials, that is not room for you. We believe we have a large opportunity there. And our profile, as you probably heard, in ESC [European Society of Cardiology] was very well-received and is very encouraging in terms of having fully demonstrated versus aspirin our benefit/risk with a very good bleeding profile. So the BID question, which was a specific question, product size BID, we don't know what their profile is going to be from efficacy, safety. So it's also a population with multiple probabilities and they are taking drugs. They are taking several of those drugs and some of them are also BID. So we don't believe BID would be a -- it would really be a risk/benefit in the various population will be what drive our potential.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Boris out of Citi.
John Boris - Citigroup Inc: Just two questions that I have, first one for Lamberto. Obviously, with the bounty of life cycle management programs and also new product opportunities, there is certainly a certain level of investment that has to go behind those brands in the 2011, 2012 time period relative to the longer-term guidance that you've given in 2013 and beyond. Can you just help us understand or think through how you're thinking about level of investment and how that investment might be different commercially going forward with the business model? Is it more important to exceed targets in '13 relative to investment in '11 and '12 or vice versa? And then second question, just a financial question on share repo. Did you repurchase shares in the quarter? They were a little bit lighter than we had expected? And can you tell us how much you repurchased?
Lamberto Andreotti: Let me take your question on 2011-2013, and I will ask Charlie to give some more details. But I will start. The way I see it, John, I see that we are flat. We have a very strong pipeline. And we continue to have a good clinical data that allows us to look at the future with optimism. We continue to consider the build of that strong pipeline, the successful launch of a new product is a big priority. At the same time, we are pretty good at managing expenses and delivering productivity. We have been doing it, and we will continue to do it, especially when we can go into life cycle management for the older brands. So when we look at the future, we see a good pipeline. We see some important investments to make behind that pipeline. Yes, there are headwinds for U.S. healthcare reform and a European pricing. We will have to bear the impact of ZymoGenetics and the revised terms of Otsuka. But we will continue to keep 2013 well in mind, but at the same time, use our skills and experience and productivity to invest where we need to invest, that means the products of the future, and take money away from a more mature brand and continuing productivity. There is a new customer model that we are incrementally implementing in the market and that, too, will help us relieve some of the pressures in 2011. Charlie, do you want to add something here?
Charles Bancroft: No, I would just add that we have a strong heritage of productivity. As you know, we had two programs in combination of $2.5 billion in overall productivity savings. We're not announcing additional wage, but we've done probably more importantly is embed a culture of continuous productivity in the entire business. And we still see that there are opportunities, but the opportunities are within procurement, selective integration through partnerships and further outsourcing. We continue to look at streamlining the organization, not just to reduce some level of expenses, but also to become a more focused and efficient organization. So we are keenly focused and will continue to be on cost management. But as Lamberto said and I said in my comments, we have to appropriately invest against our future assets. Your question on the share repurchase, we had $189 million in the quarter. We do a combination of 10b5-1 type of purchases as well as open-market purchases. We stopped some of the open-market purchases in the quarter because of the ZymoGenetics acquisition. We felt that it was inappropriate to continue those while we work in those negotiations.
Operator: Next question comes from Tony Butler out of Barclays Capital.
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: Lamberto, I respect your comments about the Puerto Rican facility and it being a priority. But can you actually suggest that there's heightened vigilance that every manufacturing facility, principally because I suspect the FDA will come in and inspect a number of facilities given the number of products that you hope will be coming to market. And then the second question is likely for Tony Hooper, have actually launched ORENCIA in Japan?
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. Your question is how much attention we are giving to all facilities, besides Manati. First of all, in Manati, we are taking very seriously, as I said, we are taking all the actions that we believe we need to take. We have hired one of the best consulting firm to support us in dealing with the changes we must implement there. And we feel very confident -- we are very respectful of the FDA request, and we feel very confident that we are meeting them. As far as the other manufacturing facilities, we do not anticipate any impact to any of our sites because the issues that were highlighted in one letter were very specific to Manati. But we take the matter very seriously, and we are reinspecting and reinforcing our activities and quality assurance activity also in the other -- GMP compliance is our key goal. And I feel confident how we are throughout our manufacturing network.
Tony Hooper: So your question is about ORENCIA in Japan. The answer is yes. We actually effectively launched in September this year. The team in Japan, in fact, is a well-experienced team, who recently with the launches of ERBITUX, BARACLUDE and SPRYCEL, have shown they can already execute exceptionally well in the marketplace. And we have great expectation for Japan.
Operator: Next question comes from Tim Anderson out of Sanford Bernstein.
Tim Anderson - Bernstein Research: Your comment on 2013 guidance, I don't see that in the press release. It was in the second quarter press release. Are you reconfirming that or not? And then second question is on apixaban, can you frame out in more detail the U.S. regulatory review process from here now that you've started a rolling submission? To me, that's suggests the final, major missing piece to that application would be ARISTOTLE. And then at some point after that is submitted, FDA would make its final decision, is that the correct way to think about it? And what is the timing of ARISTOTLE?
Charles Bancroft: Tim, this is Charlie. On 2013 outlook, we did provide an update on our long-term guidance in July. And we would expect to update you again around the same time next year, as we do not plan on doing financial projections on a quarterly basis.
Elliott Sigal: Tim, Elliott. With regard to apixaban, so here's the regulatory process and I would say that they're distinct. We decided, as we mentioned earlier, to take those very exciting data in an area of unmet medical need with a very important trial, 5,500 patients, and discuss with the FDA its fileability. And we have agreed and they have accepted the beginning of a rolling submission. That process looks like the following. The actual filing would occur when the last module takes place on AVERROES, and that we expect to happen within the first quarter of '11. We are submitting modules on a rolling basis, so that the individual division leaders can be prepared for that submission. The next decision point by the FDA is to complete that file. I have no indication that ARISTOTLE would be required. Although during the review, there's always a possibility that more information is needed. But our understanding is that this will be an AVERROES filing, and there will be a decision to be made upon filing of whether or not this is considered priority review. That's the process on AVERROES. And for now, I view them separate from ARISTOTLE.
Lamberto Andreotti: Tim, let me go back on 2013 and beyond. Because obviously, as Charlie said, we are not going to update any guidance. But it is clear that our focus here, senior managers of this company, we are focusing a lot on how we are building the pipeline and the company in 2013 and beyond. Every time we have additional good clinical and regulatory news, we feel more confident about the future, but we are also aware that we must invest, continue to invest behind building the future. Hence, the decisions that we will make in 2011, on one hand, we have to deal with the headwinds that I mentioned before while answering John's question. And we will continue to use our skills and experience in productivity, but we are not going to sacrifice investments behind what we have in 2013. We feel very fortunate in this company for having a very strong and rich pipeline, and our priority again is to invest properly and adequately behind it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Scala out of Cowen and Company.
Steve Scala - Cowen and Company, LLC: I have one financial question and then two pipeline questions. First, fiscal 2010 EPS guidance implies Q4 EPS between $0.41 and $0.51, with the lower end down double-digits. After such a phenomenal nine months, why is the lower end even possible and even the top end would appear to be a big deceleration post such a great year? And the headwinds that you talk about in Q4 really shouldn't be that much different than Q3. So that's the first question. And then two for Elliott. I believe Bristol has the modified release apixaban data in-house, but to my knowledge, we haven't seen that data yet. So can you summarize that? And then lastly also for Elliott, do you have the Phase II gamma secretase data in-house, and assuming Phase III will initiate in 2011 versus Q4 of '10, why is there a delay versus what was stated at the March analyst meeting?
Charles Bancroft: This is Charlie. In regard to guidance, we did update the line item guidance, and you saw in our overall top line, which we're expecting to be roughly at the same level of growth that we had in Q3. On top of that, we have the U.S. healthcare reform and European pricing pressures also mounts a little bit further, a little bit more accelerated in the fourth quarter than what we've seen through Q3. And then also, the tax rate, which was particularly low in the third quarter due to the tax relief. We don't have that same like event in Q4, in addition to the acquisition of ZymoGenetics, which we have mentioned when we did the deal was roughly $0.03 dilutive to Bristol-Myers Squibb.
Elliott Sigal: On apixaban, we have been experimenting with modified release. I don't have any data. I have not personally reviewed it. We will no doubt be describing it next year. We're pretty satisfied with how apixaban is targeting this particular area. So I don't have any update on the modified release. With regard to the gamma secretase program, I thought I had indicated that the Phase III might start early next year. Maybe at the beginning of the year, I got very optimistic. I would not signal that as a major concern other than we want to be very, very careful in this field. We are pioneers in this field. There is risk in this field with the new mechanism, but the unmet need is unbelievable and our company has to be in this area in some of our portfolio. We are still reviewing our Phase II data. And we are going to take another look at our Phase II data because one of the studies continues are early in the year. I will say that the compound that has gone before is non-selective, and I think a lot of the concerns they had was because of a lack of a therapeutic window. We had a non-selective compound maybe 10 years ago in the clinic. We spent a long time developing a more selective compound. We have a selective compound and hence, a possibility of a therapeutic window. That's not to say I know whether or not the beta amyloid hypothesis is going to work, but I do believe we'll have an ability to test it in Phase III and are making that decision next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seamus Fernandez out of Leerink Swann.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann LLC: Can we just talk about the volume that you're actually seeing overall? Looks like the volume growth is kind of slowing over time, both non-U.S. and in the U.S. I acknowledge that some of the pressure on the top line very clearly is coming from price pressures. But how could healthcare reform and some of those changes in Europe actually influence volume? And how could we anticipate seeing volume acceleration in some of the different markets?
Tony Hooper: This is Tony. Let me talk first a bit about the data seen from organizations like WK and IMS are showing that the market in the U.S. from a volume perspective has declined to pretty much a flat 1% during the entire 2010. This compares with a growth in 2009. It went from about 1% to about 3%, so clearly, a flat market at the moment. When you decompose that, you see that the branded products are probably declining at about 13% and the generics are growing at about 5% or so. So net-net, an overall decline in the marketplace. The healthcare reform itself is not playing that much of a role at the moment. The economic situation, obviously, yes. One, I think a lot of patients have come out of COBRA, extended benefits are now having to struggle to find access to healthcare. Number two, we are seeing an increase in the level of abandonment at the pharmacy level, i.e. patients who take prescription to the pharmacy and then decide not to fill it. When you decompose that data, you see there's quite a dramatic difference between new RXs versus continued RXs. New RXs in some categories, such as ABILIFY, have gone high as 22%, 23%. So patients are really having a problem to manage that. Obviously, we've stepped in as quickly as we can to assist patients from a co-pay perspective to drive that forward. I think that the Medicaid Part D healthcare reform for next year will obviously help us, as more patients will be able to afford the drugs as they move through the donut hole. Beatrice?
Beatrice Cazala: Yes, if you look at Europe, we have several phenomenon. One is basically through government measures, pricing pressure and also encouragement of generic prescription. So you see a shift of volume most generally. You see also some effect of the crisis in some of the market, like Spain, obviously, where you have high unemployment. So you see some volume pressure. For BMS per se, what to see is a shift of some large GP brand, like PLAVIX, where we lost the patent, to our specialty care innovative compound, where we have less volume but a mix of price volumes very differently. So in that overall situation, I think, look at the open situation, we feel that with the launch of specialty care as far as we have, we'll be able to protect with all the appropriate price volume relation that we have in excess, our growth potential on the specialty brand. So we feel comfortable that, that will help us. But you'll certainly see it declining to a little bit to the environment and also to our own portfolio evolution.
Operator: Our final question comes from Chris Schott out of JPMorgan.
Christopher Schott - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just a quick question on apixaban then two on the diabetes franchise. First on apixaban, when we look at that 40% to 50% of the AF markets that are patients intolerant or inappropriate for warfarin, given aspirin, or go untreated, do you believe you can rapidly build this market? Or do you think this is going to be a market that takes significant education for physicians to get comfortable taking a different approach with a product, like apixaban, with these patients? And then on the diabetes franchise, first on ONGLYZA. Should we anticipate a change in message around the franchise as we anticipate your introduction of your metformin combo, given the more modest growth in the entire DPP-4 market? Would you consider switching your message to focus more on market share as compared to market growth with the combination approval? And then finally, when we consider the peak sales opportunity for dapa [dapagliflozin] as compared to ONGLYZA, I guess, any thoughts on how you compare the two of those?
Beatrice Cazala: . On apixaban, when we looked at the market of patients that are not taking warfarin, some of them are patients that were treated by the specialist and then discontinuing because of side effects or because it's not fully monitored and they had to make trade-offs. So we feel that market segment is going to be accessible relatively quickly because it goes to the normal prescription of the specialist. The area where the patient are not treated at all and we certainly need to have a business model that links very closely the specialist and the general practitioner, and we are working on those aspects with all our teams around the world to understand how to build a model that captures those population quickly. That's why we are very encouraged by our overall data because actually, it clearly shows that they were thinking of fast appearing the product that is significantly superior in efficacy and safer in term of the usage. So we believe with that data, we will have a unique opportunity to accelerate the usage of A-fib. A-fib is very concerning the number of stroke and very severe and debilitating strokes. So the whole message for all the companies around the disease itself is going to help with that segment. So we feel confident that it may appear that it may be still worth to start it, that we have form the ways to generate prescription quickly.
Elliott Sigal: We have felt that the only way to tap this really large market is to really have data, and we have the only program that has the study. Nobody will be able to do a study comparing aspirin if apixaban is approved. That will not be something that people will ever be able to try. They will all have to do non-inferiority studies against apixaban. In this day and age, we value that information. We tested it with payers. And we see a great contribution and that's why I think we're getting fast-track status. Major bleeding, aspirin-like safety, measure-by-measure bleeding with Coumadin-like efficacy should be a powerful message. And Beatrice and I are working hard to prepare the market on that.
Tony Hooper: So if I can move to ONGLYZA quickly, when I look at the data over the last couple of weeks, it's pretty clear that ONGLYZA has reached about a 25%, 26% share of the new naive RXs in the U.S. marketplace. When you look at monotherapy situation, we take about one in three patients. And as we evolve towards the launch of the fixed-dose, it becomes pretty clear that the growth of the DPP-4 market has not met our expectations. When you assume that more than 40% of diabetic patients are not being properly controlled, there continues to be a huge need for us to educate physicians and patients about the need to add product to the existing regiments. So I think when we come to market with fixed-dose combination, it will be a combination of looking to drive market growth and then, of course, to compete within that market for market share.
Beatrice Cazala: . So if we now go to your question on the dapagliflozin and its potential, especially as it relates to DPP-4. The product profile is unique and we have a very differentiated model faction. The product will and is arching independently from insulin, providing a very different pathway to completing the diabetes patient treatment with additional benefit that we are concerning more and more in our clinical trials on the possible weight loss as well as possible blood pressure benefit. So when we look at the market, we believe that with the unmet need and the growth and the noise in the market and the education on diabetes and the large number of diabetic program across government around the world and the heightened awareness of what needs to be done, there will be a large potential for a category of that providing that available benefit. So when we compare DPP-4 and dapagliflozin sales, we believe this will be a full class on its own and we'll take a significant share, and there should not be too direct competition when you start segmenting the patient population.
John Elicker: . Thanks, Chris , and thanks, everybody, for your questions. I want to turn it over to Lamberto for some final comments.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. Well, thank you for your questions. Well, just a few closing remarks. First, as our results demonstrate, operationally, things are going well here at Bristol-Myers Squibb. And we are glad to confirm 2010 guidance despite the negative impact of U.S. healthcare reform and the pricing issues in Europe. Second, our new positive clinical data provide great momentum for our pipeline, and continued confidence in our longer-term strategic vision. I have just written a message to my executives of this morning, inviting them to take a minute to absorb all the good clinical news we have, enjoy that news and confirming to them that we will continue to invest in helping ensure the promising future that our pipeline will deliver. Third, our business development strategy, String of Pearls, remains a priority. We are pleased with our recent acquisition of ZymoGenetics, and we will continue to look for other transactions that complement our internal efforts to help patients today against serious disease. Well, thank you again for joining us today, and thank you for your attention.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michel York - IR Daniel Bradbury - President & CEO Mark Foletta - SVP, Finance & CFO Vince Mihalik - SVP, Sales and Marketing & CCO 
Analysts:  Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Yaron Werber - Citi Thomas Wei - Jefferies Jim Birchenough - Barclays Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Tom Russo - Robert Baird Mario Corso - Caris & Company  
Operator: Welcome to the Amylin Pharmaceuticals Q2 2010 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host Mr. Michel York, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michel York:  Good afternoon and welcome to Amylin Pharmaceuticals quarterly update conference call. We have uploaded a presentation to accompany this conference call that provides additional background on the quarter. Today's discussion will contain forward looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today's press release, the website presentation and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed on today's call. Let me introduce the other members of the Amylin Management Team here today. Daniel Bradbury, President, Chief Executive Officer; Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, and Vince Mihalik, Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing and Chief Commercial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Daniel Bradbury.
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks, Michael and welcome to our second quarter call. This afternoon our comments will build on the press release issued earlier today. In a few moments, Mark will provide additional details on the quarter's underlying financial results and comment on our outlook for the rest of the year. Vince will then review our commercial activity during the second quarter and highlight our plans for the remainder of the year. At the beginning of the year, I laid out for you four areas of focus for 2010 that we believe will help maximize shareholder value. I will now provide a brief update on our progress during the quarter as it relates to those goals. First, we remain focused on driving revenue of our existing products. Through the first half, we've not met our expectation for revenue generation. However, we continue to track very encouraging prescription trends for the GLP-1 receptor agonist class. In fact, monthly new prescriptions for BYETTA grew 20% in June; an overall growth for the class remained strong. As we head into the second half of the year, we will continue to aggressively promote the benefits of treatment with BYETTA and SYMLIN that we've established over the past five years. Second, we remain focused on successfully launching BYDUREON. In the second quarter, following our response to the complete response letter, we received a revised PDUFA Action Date of October 22nd. We're confident in our response and are continuing our discussion with the FDA to bring this important new therapy to patients this year. Third, we plan to achieve positive cash flow from operations by the end of 2010 on a sustainable basis and for the full year of 2011. Our non-GAAP operating loss for the second quarter was $7.4 million, a 67% improvement over the same period last year. We remain on track to achieve these goals, realize the benefit of the significant operating leverage we built into our business and drive bottom-line growth. And finally, as we focus on long-term value creation for shareholders, we intend to continue to advance our pipeline. Our plans to submit the clinical and non-clinical sections of a new drug applications for the use of metreleptin to treat severe lipodystrophy remain on track. With no treatment currently approved to treat severe lipodystrophy, we believe that based on published studies, this treatment could become an important new option to help patients impacted by this debilitating metabolic disease. We also announced earlier in the first half, that in conjunction with our partner Takeda, we have decided to move pramlintide/metreleptin towards Phase 3 clinical studies. This is a key step forward towards making a new peptide therapy for the treatment of obesity available to patients. Additionally, we continue to invest strategically in the exenatide franchise. The development of a pen for BYDUREON remains on track, and we are planning to have it available to patients late in 2012 or early in 2013, contingent on a timely regulatory review. We have also initiated a Phase 2 study of a monthly dose suspension formulations of exenatide during the second quarter and we expect to see data from this study in the first half of 2011, driven on a ground body of clinical and post-marketing data while leveraging the potency of the exenatide molecule and the Alkermes' Medisorb technology, we believe this formulation represents the first truly viable opportunity for a monthly dose therapy for type 2 diabetes. Now, before we continue into a more detailed discussion on recent activities. I will turn things over to Mark Foletta to review our financial results released earlier today.
Mark Foletta:  Thanks Dan. Today we announced our financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2010. As Dan mentioned, and we have discussed in previous calls, we are managing the business with operational discipline, and are focused on generating sustainable, positive operating cash flow and maintaining a strong cash position. Our measure of operating cash flow, non-GAAP operating loss was $7.4 million for the second quarter, compared to $3.8 million in the first quarter. We expect continued variability in our operating results over the next few quarters due to incremental expenses to support the launch of BYDUREON. BYETTA sales were down $9.1 million sequentially, or 6% and total prescriptions were down 8% during the period. BYETTA sales this quarter also reflect a May, price action on the 10-microgram dose. SYMLIN sales were down $0.7 million, or 3% sequentially, and total prescriptions were down 1%. Wholesaler inventories of both products at June 30 were consistent with inventory levels at March 31. In a moment, Vince will speak in more detail regarding commercial activities. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $2.6 million or 3% sequentially. As a reminder, we expect incremental investments to support the BYDUREON launch later this year that will be reflected in our SG&A expense line. Research and development expenses increased by $4.2 million or 10% sequentially. The increase primarily reflects the timing of expenses associated with BYDUREON, including manufacturing readiness activities, cost associated with the recently initiated cardiovascular outcome study and cost associated with the exenatide life cycle management development activities.  Our total operating expenses in the second quarter were $120.2 million, slightly higher than the $118.6 million in the first quarter. We believe that our current run rate in the $120 million per quarter range reflects approximate spending levels for our core operations, with expected variability in the next few quarters due to incremental investments to launch BYDUREON. We ended the quarter in a strong financial position with $574 million in cash and investments. We remain well positioned to execute our business plans. I'll now quickly review bottom-line results for the first half of 2010. Keep in mind our key financial metric is non-GAAP operating loss, which is our measure for operating cash flows.  Non-GAAP operating loss includes 74% to $11.2 million for the first half of 2010 from $42.2 million for the same period last year. For full details of our financial results, please refer to the press release we issued earlier today. I would now like to reaffirm the key trends and assumptions we provided last quarter to help better frame our outlook for the remainder of the year.  Most importantly, I want you to know that we remain on track to deliver sustainable, positive operating cash flow by the end of this year. We continue to expect our non-GAAP operating loss to further improve in 2010, compared to 2009. We plan to exit the year with positive operating cash flow on a sustainable basis, leading to non-GAAP operating income for 2011 and GAAP operating profitability by the end of 2011.  We continue to expect that non-cash adjustments used to determine our non-GAAP operating results in 2010 will be between 110 and $110 million, compared to 97.7 million in 2009. The increase reflects incremental depreciation expense associated with our manufacturing facility in Ohio. While our non-GAAP operating loss is the key measure for 2010, I will now provide some further quantitative and qualitative guidance to assist you in understanding our expectations. I will begin with collaborative revenues. Our collaborative revenues consist of milestones and non-cash amortization of debt from payments. Beginning in 2011, we expect to begin earning BYETTA, BYDUREON or U.S. royalties which will also be included in collaborative revenues. For 2010 we expect to earn a $40 million milestone from Eli Lilly upon the launch of BYDUREON in the United States. Additionally we will recognize $7.5 million of collaborative revenue from ratable amortization of the $75 million upfront payment we received from Takeda in 2009. We continue to expect out net interest expense to be 25 to $30 million. With respect to our cash flow, I would add the following comments. Capital expenditure, net of reimbursements from Lilly will be lower than the $98 million net expenditure in 2009. 2010 capital expenditures will be principally focused on strategically investing in exenatide life cycle management. We are assuming that we repay our outstanding secured debt balance of $78 million in 2010. We continue to expect to finish 2010 with a substantial cash balance and well funded to launch by BYDUREON. As we are approaching the launch, I would like to provide additional details around our expectations for gross margins. As we have previously noted we are targeting margins for BYDUREON of at least 75%. Our manufacturing facility for BYDUREON has significant capacity to address expected global demand. Fixed plant expenses are expected to be at least $100 million annually, approximately half of which is non-cash depravation. Since majority of these costs are fixed, we will incur them regardless of production volumes. Therefore there will be a transition period of at lest several quarters following the launch, where BYDUREON margins would significantly lower than our target margins as these fixed costs will be spread over lower levels of production. As demand for BYDUREON grows overtime, we will realize economies of scale and drive toward our targeted margin for the product. Now let's take a moment to explain differences in the gross margins of BYDUREON compared to BYETTA. First we have paid a high single digit royalty on net sales to Alchemy. Second, material costs consisting of active pharmaceutical ingredient and product components for BYDUREON were higher by BYETTA. Third unlike BYETTA, where production is outsourced, BYDUREON's cost of goods will include non-cash depreciation associated with our manufacturing plant. Importantly our cash margins would be higher than our reported margins for BYDUREON which is not the case with BYETTA. In conclusion given the unique profile of BYDUREON and compelling clinical data we have seen in the DURATION program, we believe that we have the potential to generate significant gross profit dollars and operating leverage. This positions us to drive substantial bottom line growth and total share holder return. To wrap up my remarks I want to reaffirm our continued commitment to drive additional efficiencies in our business and to achieve positive operating cash flow on a sustainable basis by the end of this year, while making the investments necessary for a successful BYDUREON launch. Now I will turn the call over to Vince to review our commercial activity. Vince?
Vince Mihalik: Thank you, Mark. The Amylin sales and marketing organization continues to remain focused on our day-to-day business, driving revenue for our currently marketed products BYETTA and SYMLIN and preparing for the launch of BYDUREON. From a comfort standpoint, we had a strong presence at this year's ADA conference with new data supporting safety and efficacy profile of BYETTA, SYMLIN and BYDUREON. It's noticeable that we had more than 25 abstract presentations including five oral presentations and a busy commercial exhibit. Our detailed key data presented as I provide updates on each products. Now let me go on to discuss our result in the second quarter starting with BYETTA.  As a reminder, BYETTA is the first FDA approved GLP-1 receptor agonist available on the market. BYETTA addresses specific unmet needs with the dual benefits of powerful glucose control with potential weight loss, supported by a low risk of hypoglycemia. Sales were down approximately 6% quarter-over-quarter reflecting an 8% decrease in total prescriptions, which was partially offset by pricing actions. Encouragingly, new prescriptions for BYETTA increased 20% in June relative to May with total prescriptions growing 4.2% month-over-month. We believe this trend is a direct result of improved execution by the Amylin and Lilly sales forces and have grown GLP-1 receptor agonist market. As our respected sales forces continue to settling into their new territories following recent restructuring events, we believe there is still room for improvement. Additionally, we continue to observe other positive dynamics in the diabetes market during the second quarter. Since the launch of the second, daily dose GLP-1 receptor agonist in February, four week moving averages indicate that total weekly prescriptions for the GLP-1 receptor agonist have grown by approximately 11% with weekly new prescriptions growing by approximately 38%. Using the same moving average analysis, weekly new to brand prescriptions, a subset of new prescriptions, used a leading indicator for NRxs and TRxs have grown approximately 138%, though assured the new GLP-1 prescription is down from 100% of the market, as expected, we're benefiting from the overall growth rate in new to brand prescriptions for the class. We continue to see these trends as a clear sign and the market is willing to adapt new entrance into this important class of therapies, a sign that bodes well for the launch of BYDUREON. Data presented at the ADA Conference held at the end of June in Orlando, support the well-established safety and efficacy profile of BYETTA, the studies presented included several analysis of large managed care databases, demonstrates that BYETTA use was not associated with the increased rates of pancreatitis compared to other diabetes therapy. These studies add to the growing body of evidence that supports the notion that exenatide is not associated with increased risks of developing pancreatitis. Additionally, we unveiled results from the first double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical study to evaluate BYETTA added to insulin glargine. Data from this study shows that the combination of BYETTA and insulin glargine help patients with type 2 diabetes achieved glucose targets without weight gain or increasing their risk of hypoglycemia. These data suggest that BYETTA may provide a complementary addition to basal insulin for these hard-to-treat type 2 diabetes patients and will form the basis of a supplemental New Drug Application to the FDA that we plan to file by the end of this year. Along with the well-established safety and efficacy profile of BYETTA, we offer a highly favorable level of access with managed care plans. We continued to maintain greater than 80% tier 2 access having reduce the number of step-edits by over 45%, and expect to further reduce the remaining step-edits as we move throughout the year. These are key strategic advantages in light of the current economic environment; especially as managed care organizations continually increase scrutiny of their formularies. Now, lets move on to SYMLIN, the first then on the FDA approved Amylin analog. As a reminder, SYMLIN is our wholly owned compound that addresses unmet needs for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes to use meal time insulin. SYMLIN reduces blood glucose fluctuations, improving glucose control and often causing weight loss. We continue to drive SYMLIN sales in increased awareness of the benefits of treatment with Amylin analogs. We would also continue to focus on activities which improve persistency that we instituted during the first half of the year. SYMLIN net revenues decreased by approximately 3% during the quarter. At the ADA Conference this year, we presented a Meta-Analysis of an integrated data base of clinical studies that showed no increased risk of cardiovascular events associated with SYMLIN use, pooled comparator group treated with either placebo or rapid-acting insulin. These safety analysis confirm our findings from individual clinical studies, and provide additional insight into the CV safety profile of SYMLIN.  As we progress to 2010, we will continue to explore partnership possibilities for SYMLIN outside of the United States. Turning now to BYDUREON, we have a PDUFA action date of October 22. We remain confident in our submission package and are continuing our discussions with the FDA to bring this important new therapy to patients.  At this juncture, the exenatide one team is continuing in full pre-launch mode and is prepared to commercialize BYDUREON in 2010. BYDUREON has the potential to become the first, and only diabetes therapy that provides the power of continuous control for a full week with just one dose. Throughout the DURATION clinical program, BYDUREON has demonstrated consistently robust efficacy and acceptable safety and tolerability profile with just one weekly dose. With five of the six DURATION studies having been completed, we've seen consistent A1C reduction of 1.5% to 1.9% along with the potential for weight loss. Importantly, tolerability profile has also remain consistent with less than 1% of patients withdrawing from clinical studies due to nausea. These results have been achieved in patients across the continuing of type 2 diabetes care from drug naïve patients to those feeling multiple oral [ph] agents. Our presence at the ADA conference this year was highlighted by oral presentations of the results from DURATION-2 and DURATION-3 studies during the joint ADA events at the symposium. In both of these studies, patients treated with BYDUREON achieved superior glucose control relative to comparators, which included Actos and Januvia in DURATION-2 and Lantus in DURATION 3. In addition to the DURATION-2 and 3 results, data from DURATION-5 represented as a late breaking poster. Also of note, a field analysis of safety and tolerability data from the DURATION-1, 2 and 3 studies was presented. This analysis demonstrated the overall incident rates of adverse events, serious adverse events and discontinuations due to serious adverse events, which was similar for BYDUREON versus pulled competitors. Importantly, in the DURATION-1, 2 and 3 studies, there were no reports of severe hypersensitivity actions such as serious skin reactions or anaphylaxis. This data further support the non-safety profile of the exenatide molecule, and are consistent with the previously reported profiles of BYDUREON and BYETTA  Based on the data we've seen to date from the DURATION program, we have also committed to running a cardiovascular outcome study with BYDUREON, which we call EXSCEL, the exenatide once weekly study of cardiovascular event lowering. Patient enrollment commenced during the second quarter of this year, in contention upon event rates, we're expecting the study to complete in 2016. Extentide is a revolutionary molecule and we intend to continue to strategically invest in it. We continue to work on developing BYDUREON, which we anticipate would be available to patients by the end of 2012 or early in 2013. Additionally, from the second quarter we commenced a phase two proof of concept study of a monthly dose suspension formulation of extentide. This monthly dose formulation does not require reconstitution and leverages a unique potency of extentide. As we continue to build on the heritage of BYETTA, we will explore novel and convenient ways to deliver the benefits of extentide therapy. Let me close my portion of the remarks by saying that we are continually encouraged by the momentum we are seeing within our company and our work with the extentide one team and our collaboration with Lilly and in the marketplace. We believe we have transitioned to a commercial model that is more effective, efficient and customer focused to provide value. Even as we plan for the launch of BYDUREON, our organization remains dedicated to driving the new turn revenue performance for BYETTA and SYMLIN. And now I'll turn the call back over to Dan for his closing remarks.
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks Vince. In closing I'll add just a few more comments. Importantly we've established a clear path forward with the approval of BYDUREON. With the PDUFA Action date set for October the 22nd, we remain in dialogue with the agency and are squarely focused on our goal of bringing this important medicine to patients this year. While we're not satisfied with product revenue this quarter, we will continue to drive revenue from our currently marketed product BYETTA and SYMLIN while preparing for the launch of BYDUREON. Our sales and marketing organizations remain in full prelaunch mode while continuing to educate the market on the dual challenges of glucose and weight control, covering a majority of people with type 2 diabetes. Also as Mark noted during his review of our financial results this quarter, we continue to efficiently manage our business to keep expenses in line with revenues. The direct result of this financial discipline is evidenced by fact that we remain on track to achieve our stated goal of being cash flow positive from operations as we exit 2010. And looking forward we continue to strategically invest in the exenatide franchise and advance our most promising pipeline assets. We are carrying tremendous momentum into the second half of 2010 and we remain focused on executing our business plan while advancing our mission to improve the lives of people with diabetes. I will now ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question comes from Mark Schoenebaum, ISI Group. Your line is open.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group: Hey guys, thanks a lot for taking my question. I appreciate it. I was just wondering if you could update us on DURATIN-6 and I'm interested in three variables, at least that's, any design, details you could give us, timing for that trail and I'd also love to know the rationale of why you think you have a good probably showing superiority over liraglutide and then my second question was for Mark, can you just clarify your gross margin did I miss it, did I hear you correctly that a 100 million would be fixed, this is just a clarification, sorry about that.
Daniel Bradbury: Hi Mark, thanks very much for your question, Dan here. So, let me start firstly with DURATION-6. So DURATION-6, we got an update and I think one of the key updates there is the fact that the studies is now fully enrolled and we fully expect to the reporting results in the first half of next year. The study exceeds a 900 subject study, it's an open label study in patient to both monotherapy and combination therapy failures in type 2 diabetes. In regarding your question about the rationale of why we believe that we can demonstrate superiority versus liraglutide, but I think if you look at the BYDUREON results as we reported from DURATIONS 1 through 5, we're seeing a very consistent effect with regards to the benefit of the product in terms of glucose control. The consistency of that fact is significantly different when you look at the reported studies, the lead studies with regards to liraglutide. And so when you go back and analyze that and look at the delta, you will see that is actually pretty significant delta in terms of the reports differences there and with the 900 patients study, it gives us very strong statistical powering to show a difference between the two. So, that's basically the answer to your question, I'll hand over to Mark with regards to clarification on the margin.
Mark Foletta: Yeah, Mark Foletta here.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group: Hi, Mark.
Mark Foletta: With respect to the 100 million of labor and overhead at the plan, I didn't say that and those are largely fixed costs associated with labor overhead and non-cash depreciation, we said that the depreciation would be approximately half of that and that those costs really are incurred at the plant more or less regardless to production volumes.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group: Okay, got it, thanks a lot. I'll get back in the queue, I appreciate it.
Daniel Bradbury: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: The next question comes from Yaron Werber, Citi. Your line is open.
Yaron Werber - Citi: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question too. So, I had a question about, two questions. One has to do with, help us understand a little bit, where do you see the BYETTA sales trends over the balance of the year and what should we assume to, should we assume that will sort of have a flattening with the recent price increase or just help us, let me understand how you're thinking about everything and then secondly, I had a question about, you mentioned there is going to be incremental spending associated with BYDUREON launch both on SG&A, how, I don't know if you can give us any expense over the ramp there and then finally what percentage of your R&D currently or do you assumes those fixed cost from production because you're already employing these individuals or ultimately going to be involved in producing BYDUREON's. How much of it is going to be a switch of rule from R&D percent?
Daniel Bradbury: Hey, and thanks very much for your questions. The first question regarding BYETTA, the sales trends, I'll ask Vince here to give you some comments there generally, I would remind you we don't guide specifically product revenues. So, his comments will be general. Regarding the second two questions on incremental spending on SG&A and the percent of R&D, associated with manufacturing, I'll ask Mark to comment on, so Vince?
Vince Mihalik: Thank you, Yaron for the question. Obviously, we are more than satisfied with revenue in the quarter but we are seeing some positive trends. As I commented on the call, we are clearly seeing in our NRx growth that's now translating to a very positive month-to-month comparison. As you know, we saw a 20% growth in June, and we saw an uptick in TRx of 4.2% in month-to-month in June so a good strong trends.  My comment would be that we are seeing growth in GLP-1 market, and as I commented on the call, the four week moving averages, definitely show a TRx trend, that's a 11% growth and NRx up 38%. So, clearly we are seeing additional writers now prescribing in the space and a move towards greater proportion of GLP-1 usage.
Daniel Bradbury: Mark, do you want to comment on the…
Mark Foletta: Yeah Yaron. Let me take your first question, the SG&A ramp. You know don't want to guide that specifically, obviously, it's going to depend somewhat on the timing of approval, and how we incurred the cost. But just remember, it's half of the cost associated with the launch because Lilly will incur the other half. And I want to frame that we will, will hit the guidance that we have given in terms of being non –GAAP positive as we exit the year.  So, that helps you as well. We will earn a milestone, 40 million as I said in the prepared remarks. But we think there is ample room with that to invest in the launch, and make it a successful launch, and still hit our financial targets. Referring to -- I think you referred to it as the switcheroo from R&D to cogs. Yes I'm glad you asked that question. And actually it's a further clarification I think of Mark's question, you really should think of the 100 million of fixed costs. Largely those cost are already being incurred in our income statement.  The vast majority of those cost are already being incurred through our income statement in the R&D line predominantly, and that will transition to cost to inventory, and cost to goods sold. So, economically we really are already burdened in our non-GAAP and GAAP results for the vast majority of those costs.  The incremental costs, in terms of labor and overhead, will predominantly be non-cash as we bring further equipment on, and depreciate it. And of course you will have variable cost associated with materials as we begin to ramp and build inventory.
Yaron Werber - Citi: Have you been buying all the essential components of the actual injector device, already in anticipation of the launch, and are those already expensed into your P&L as well?
Mark Foletta: So, we have been -- there has been activity in terms of components. Obviously, the labor and overhead has been incurred, and that has been going through our P&L really since the fourth quarter of 2009.
Yaron Werber - Citi: That's great. Thank you.
Mark Foletta: Thank you.
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks John.
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas Wei, Jefferies. Your line is open.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies: All right, thanks. I just wanted to clarify on the operating cash flow positivity. So that does include the $40 million milestone payment?
Vince Mihalik: Hi, Thomas. It may or may not. In terms of the goal for the company, obviously, the milestone is dependent upon the launch of the BYDUREON. If BYDUREON doesn't launch, then we won't incur the additional cost that are associated with the launch of the product. Either way, we are sticking to our guidance of being positive operating cash flow by the end of 2010.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies: And so, it's just a follow-up on your own question. It sounds like, in the scenario where you don't, and your operating cost, you are saying are pretty much fixed at $120 million level that you are assuming that BYETTA stabilizes in the subsequent quarters of the year?
Vince Mihalik: No. Again, Thomas, we don't give guidance specifically with regards to revenue, and I think that that will be too close to guidance in that regard.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies: Okay.
Daniel Bradbury: The only thing I will add to that Thomas is that, really three of the last four quarters we have been fairly close in the non-GAAP measurement. One quarter, in the third quarter of last year we actually were slightly positive. The last two quarters you see we've been less than been $10 million. So we certainly believe that the core business and that includes cost associated with prep for BYDUREON in terms of the R&D side as we just discussed in response to Yaron's question, that will move in the income statement. So we're very confident that the expense control that we put in place, it is continuing that we'll hit the targets that we have set.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies: And just to understand a little bit better on overall cost growths in some -- a lot us don't get access to this new to brand prescription data. Can you help us understand maybe, when you talk about the 138% growth, I don't quiet understand what timeframe you’re doing that calculation against and can you talk about whether or not your new to brand prescriptions for BYETTA have actually stabilized or started growing again on an absolute basis?
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks very much Thomas. I will pass to Vince on that one.
Vincent Mihalik: Yeah Thomas. The timeframe I'm talking about for the same week moving average that I talked about in TRx and NRx and when I talked about the new to brand sub segment growing a 138%, that's since the launch another GLP-1 in the market space. So we're seeing since that launch a big growth in new to brand and in fact that new to brand growth is where we're seeing GLP-1 surpass TCDs [ph] and DPP-4s as a percent of what physicians are prescribing in the diabetes markets. So it's very strong growth. The second part of your question Thomas, I tried to pick it up.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies: Just the most recent dynamics in that new to brand data, are you seeing a stabilization of your absolute new to brand prescriptions or even some re-growth there or are you continuing to see that number decline?
Vincent Mihalik: No we definitely saw re-growth in new to brand for our own product and obviously that's beginning to translate now into growth in NRxs that you're beginning to see.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies: I'm sorry, just one last thing. What if I -- can you quantify for us or give us some sense of the magnitude of that growth relative to where it had bottomed out at or where you were before the launch of the Victoza?
Vincent Mihalik: Well, it's a comment I made in the call itself. Thomas we saw a 20% improvement month-to-month in June just in NRxs.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co: Okay, thank you.
Daniel Bradbury: Thank you, Thomas.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Birchenough, Barclays. Your line is open.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays: Yeah, hi guys just a few questions. Number one, just wondering if you can give us an update on discussions with the FDA in terms of finalizing the BYDUREON label in the REMS. My understanding from talking to Orville at ADA is you need to finalize the label before you have something to refer to for the REMS discussion. So where are you at in that process?
Daniel Bradbury: Hi Jim, yeah just to say that we continue to be confident with regards to approval of BYDUREON by the PDUFA date. It would be inappropriate of me to give you specific details with regards to ongoing discussions with the agency. However I would confirm that Orville is correct in terms of the process that the label needs to be finalized prior to the agreement on the REMS.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays: And maybe just a follow up from Mark just on the fixed cost associated with manufacturing. If that's going to transition from R&D to COGS but your R&D line, it's sounds like it's going to remain pretty stable at the current run rate, where is that additional cost that's coming into R&D coming from, is there is some cushion in that R&D spend line?
Daniel Bradbury: So, Mark.
Mark Foletta:  Yeah let me clarify Jim, we didn't really say that R&D was stable at this rate, what we really said was combined R&D and SG&A spending. We have seen three of the last four quarters, it's been right around a 120 million and we think that's a good measure for kind of the core business but for launch related expenses. There certainly will be movements within those expense lines and so I want to caution you to assume that R&D will necessarily will be flat, I think in the short term what you have is duration rolling off with one ongoing and we have got this cardio-vascular study ramping but I want to caution you to be that granular and that you really should think of our income statement as a whole that the operating expenses will for the core businesses around that level.
Vince Mihalik:  Jim, maybe just one thing I would add to what Mark said and that is I would emphasis that we will continue to invest in exenatide going forward. Mark mentioned the EXSCEL study but also the BYDUREON pen as well as of course Phase 4 support for the launch of BYDUREON and further the once monthly formulation which is ongoing at the moment as well. As well as our obesity programs which we have of course the partnership with Takeda.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays: And just trying to hit everyone in the room if I can ask Vince a final question and that is do you think the uptick in prescriptions for BYETTA or this new to brand metric for BYETTA is a reflection of better retention or persistence on BYETTA with patients waiting for the twice for the once weekly, is there any dynamic where we are seeing patients staying on the drug longer as they anticipate it once weekly? 
Mark Foletta: Well Jim, we appreciate you not leaving Vince out, so I will hand over to him.
Vince Mihalik: Thanks Jim. Yes actually I do we think we're seeing some improved persistency. We have been focused on patient program we call BYETTA By Your Side and I do think that has helped us with persistency. But that's not the only variable that's occurring here. So, it's a piece of it but it's not the whole picture but it does contribute to the improvement we're seeing in NRx.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Mark Foletta: Thank you Jim.
Operator: The next question comes from Cory Kasimov, JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan:  Hey. Good afternoon guys. Most of my questions have already been answered but do want to quickly just ask about Europe. First of all can you confirm it you are still no track to begin receiving royalty payments from Lilly by the beginning of next year and then second are you able to provide any insight into BYDUREON's regulatory status over there?
Daniel Bradbury:  Hi, Cory thanks for the questions. Regarding your first question yes I would confirm that we do believe that we are in track to start receiving royalties from the beginning of next year. Secondly with regards to the BYDUREON regulatory status, yes it's on track at this point and we expect to receive, well Lilly is expecting to receive approval in the first half of next year.
Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Foletta: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Schimmer, Leerink Swann. Your line is open.
Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann: 
 :
Vince Mihalik:  Hi Josh, yes I will ask Mark to clarify about the 75% gross margin.
Mark Foletta: 75% is more important, yeah we have really covered kind of the fix cost that will be spread across fewer units early on, and that's really what's driving that. Again, yeah a lot of these costs are already in our income statement as I've said though. They are not really incremental except for the variable cost that will be added. In terms of guiding the slope of that transition, and the timing, there is a number of variables would play here.  Obviously, our pricing decision upon getting a final label, the rate of demand in uptake in United States, and then the timing of approval, and the launch and the uptake outside the United States, which will significantly help that leverage as Lilly will purchase those units from us. So, to guide a specific transition at this time or the timing is not appropriate. One thing I would want you to think though is that you think a blended exenatide margins don't include both BYETTA and BYDUREON and certainly earlier on as BYDUREON is ramping, you will have a higher percentage of the higher margin product BYETTA, which the margins are very strong as you know. And also this cash, non-cash situation that we talked about as you are ramping BYDUREON, the non-cash portion is more significant than it is at steady state. So, the metric of cash flow that we are focused on will benefit from that. I think now just to finish off, we are really confident that the growth that we can generate from BYDUREON will generate significant gross profit dollars, and the financial leverage and the model to hit in our business to hit the mid-term financial targets that we've had, which is, as you know, non-GAAP, positive non-GAAP results for 2011 and GAAP profitability by the end of next year.
Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann: And then maybe one quick other question now. What percent of patients with congenital lipodystrophy have mutation that's likely to respond to Leptin replacement?
Mark Foletta:  Well, that's a great question. And I don't think it's actually anybody on this call is in the right place to answer that question. So, what I would do George, is I will take that question on advisement and we will get back to you. Thanks very much.
Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann:  Great, thank you.
Operator:  The next question comes from Ian Somaiya, Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Ian Somaiya :  Thanks. I had a couple of questions. One, you mentioned that there is been an absence of signal related to hypersensitivity in the DURATION sizes. Wondering if the FDA at any point requested data from BYETTA's real world experience? Two, just on the inventory side, is that a target inventory level that you plan to have, or want to have at the time of launch and what is the shelf life of BYDUREON? And last question, if I may, the dual chamber device, what impact does that have on gross margins?
 Piper Jaffray:  Thanks. I had a couple of questions. One, you mentioned that there is been an absence of signal related to hypersensitivity in the DURATION sizes. Wondering if the FDA at any point requested data from BYETTA's real world experience? Two, just on the inventory side, is that a target inventory level that you plan to have, or want to have at the time of launch and what is the shelf life of BYDUREON? And last question, if I may, the dual chamber device, what impact does that have on gross margins?
Daniel Bradbury:  Yeah, hi Ian. So, let me take those questions in order, so firstly with regards to hypersensitivity. You know just a couple of comments there. Well, first and foremost, I guess, the most important thing to comment is that there has been no serious systemic hypersensitivity reactions observed in the DURATION program to date.  With regards to your comment regarding BYETTA, you know the -- anything relating to hypersensitivity which included as part of A, the submission relating to because for the submission, of course, we completed a full analysis of the entire exenatide database, that was further updated just prior to the agency completing their review.  It was also then further augmented as part of the complete response. The bottom-line here with regards to hypersensitivity, with regards to BYETTA is that it's a very, very rare event being seen as in less than 0.01% of patients. And we were able to make that statement given the fact that we now have over 1.5 million people exposed to BYETTA and 1.3 million patient years of exposure. I'll hand over the second question that you have relating to inventory to Mark.
Mark Foletta: Yes, so actually I think you had three sub -- one, I believe the first one Ian was target inventory levels for BYDUREON. It's too early for us to talk about that. We are certainly going to build enough inventory to meet expected demand and hit our financial targets and preserve cash. So we certainly are comfortable with our plans there. In terms of, I think you asked about shelf life of our product?
Ian Somaiya : I did.
 Piper Jaffray: I did.
Mark Foletta: And that's dependent obviously around the final label with the FDA. Vince, do you want to comment on that?
Vince Mihalik: Usually we provide stability data as part of the NDA and obviously the FDA reviews that and comes back and gives you a recommendation from their perspective as part of your label.
Mark Foletta: And then your last question was really, looking out in the future of pen margins and I just say that, a little too early to guide there other than we believe that we'll generate pharmaceutical type margins certainly within the range that we're seeing with, at least with what we're seeing with the first form of BYDUREON.
Ian Somaiya : But does it go up, does it go down or is sticking right around 75?
 Piper Jaffray: But does it go up, does it go down or is sticking right around 75?
Daniel Bradbury: It's too early for us to guide in that regard at this point.
Ian Somaiya : Okay, thank you.
 Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you.
Daniel Bradbury: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Russo, Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Tom Russo - Robert Baird: Hi, thanks for taking the question. In the past you guys have said that the pricing decision for BYDUREON will be data driven and it seems like it would have to be made before the DURATION-6 trial wraps up and I was just wondering if you could comment on how you manage pricing before getting that data point. That would be my first question.
Daniel Bradbury: Hi Tom. Yeah, thanks for the question. Yeah, absolutely it will be data driven and of course, we've now completed five of the six DURATION studies. However at this point we also, we don't have a finalized label with the agency and until such time as we know exactly what the claims are that we're going to be able to make to the product at the time of launch, we're going to hold back on finalizing our pricing strategy. I'm also monitoring I would say what's going on in the marketplace as I'm sure, I note that you're acutely aware the environment that we're all operating in these days is changing rapidly and one of the things that we want to be able to do is to take into account the latest data with respect to environmental changes by the time we make a pricing decision.
Tom Russo - Robert Baird: And then maybe revisiting, I've been on from this call but a little bit different way, can you give any color on whether coming up a little bit short on BYETTA relative to your expectations in the second quarter is due more to the degree of share lost in the first long acting products or segment growth or something else and then I'd be curious if you make any read through from that to either higher or lower expectations for your once weekly product.
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah, great questions there Tom. Perhaps Vince, maybe you'd like to comment there?
Vince Mihalik: Yeah so Tom, thanks for the question. This relatively small impact on BYETTA monthly from switching which I think is what's behind your question in terms of giving color on share loss and it's the bulk of I think the likely patient switches are behind us at this point. For now the growth in the GLP-1 markets is clearly going to have to come from new patient starts and we are starting to see that as I said in the new -to-brand data that we're seeing the GLP-1 class surpass TCDs and DPP-4 as a percentage of what endocrinologists in particular are prescribing. But we are seeing growth in adoption throughout the GLP-1 market and as I commented during the call the new-to-brand is up almost twice what it was and that's both for PCPs and endocrinologist and although GLP-1s are growing fastest with endocrinologist, 75% of scripts for GLP-1s are coming from PCPs. So, we clearly do see an opportunity for BYDUREON in this segment particular given our unique advantages for type 2 therapy with greater glucose lowering when compared to most of the frequently used brands in this space and particularly with the potential for weight loss, low risk type of hypoglycemia, acceptable tolerability all in giving the continuous control in one sweet dosing format. We think that's going to be very attractive.
Tom Russo - Robert Baird: And then may I ask one for Mark, can you comment since we've been discussing gross margin a bit what drove the sequential improvement in the second quarter and maybe even what is the current gross margin for BYETTA?
Mark Foletta: Certainly, in terms of what growth drove the gross margin improvements was just increased deficiency in terms of our operations and in terms of what we're able to achieve with a contract suppliers, Tom.
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah, I want to caution you that it was benefited somewhat by volume, so I wouldn't want you to necessarily to extend that to the second half of the year, we have quarter-to-quarter fluctuations with volumes but we're encouraged to with our managing cost throughout the business including our supply chain. But this quarter was probably a little higher than what you'll see going forward but they're very strong they're over 90% to answer your question on BYETTA markets.
Tom Russo - Robert Baird: Thank you Mark.
Mark Foletta: Thanks Tom.
Operator: The next question comes Mario Corso, Caris & Company. Your line is open.
Mario Corso - Caris & Company: Thank you. Two questions I wanted to ask. Number one, based on your comments on BYETTA, longer term, I think most analyst models have BYETTA all but going away. Do you expect BYETTA to be stickier than that? Do you envision the franchises being more of a kind of 50-50 split between BYETTA and BYDUREON and is it kind of postprandial control concept given twice a day, is that at all an important factor there and then secondly on the once a month suspension, is there enough human work done to-date where you can feel confident that you're not going to have an excessive amount of nausea and others I mean just three doses in the study and maybe that's what you're looking to find out the one's you think you're looking to find out in that study, thank you.
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah, thanks Mario. That's a two very good question. Firstly, with regards to BYETTA longer term, I wouldn't want to guide a percentage here but certainly I think it's fair to say that we do believe that there is going to be a significant place for BYETTA in the marketplace on an going basis and I would in particular point to the fact that we did announce that the American Diabetes Association that we'll be submitting a supplemental MBA provided to be used in combination with basal insulin, before the end of this year as a potential utilization for BYETTA going forward. But I do think that your comment, also with regards to the role of BYETTA in the control of postprandial glucose is also very important and certainly there will be patients who will continue to benefit from BYETTA going forward as a result of the excellent efficacy that we see with BYETTA with regards postprandial control. Your second question was relating to the once a month suspension and the potential for -- I believe those with the [ph] concern that you raised. Last year, we completed a proof of concept study using the suspension in a once a week format and one of the key things that we were looking for in that proof-of-concept study was what was the likelihood of that being excessive release of exenatide early on in the dosing. And one of the things that we were encouraged was the fact that the some cokinetic profile that we saw in that proof-of-concept study actually would facilitate once-a-month suspension.  We are now of course testing that in the clinical study that's ongoing, but I believe it's fair to say that we wouldn't be undertaking that study if we believe that there was a potential for excess and the adverse events associated with the suspension formulation.
Operator:  This is all the time we do have for questions. And now I'd now like to go ahead and turn the call back over to Mr. Daniel Bradbury for closing comments.
Daniel Bradbury:  Well, again, thank you to everybody for your interest and to your questions. We have a huge opportunity at Amylin to continue to advance on mission of discovering, developing and commercializing medicines to improve the life of patients with diabetes. Additionally, our leadership team, and the many dedicated employees of Amylin remain focused on building the business today, and laying the necessary foundation to success tomorrow.  If you have any additional questions following the call today, please call Michael York, the head of our Investor Relations team. Thank you.
Operator:  This does conclude today's conference call. You may go ahead, and disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael York – Senior Director, IR Dan Bradbury – President and CEO Mark Foletta – SVP, Finance and CFO Vince Mihalik – SVP, Sales and Marketing and Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Jim Birchenough – Barclays Capital Navdeep Singh – Citigroup Thomas Lee [ph] – Jefferies Cory Kasimov – JP Morgan Catherine Arnold – Credit Suisse Salveen Kochnover – Collins Stewart Josh Schimmer – Leerink Swann Ian Somaiya – Piper Jaffray Craig Gordon – Cowen & Co
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2010 Amylin Pharmaceuticals Inc. Earnings Conference Call. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael York, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Michael York: Good morning and welcome to Amylin Pharmaceuticals' quarterly update conference call. We have uploaded a presentation to accompany this conference call that provides additional background on the quarter. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today's press release, the website presentation and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed on today's call. Let me introduce the other members of the Amylin management team here today, Daniel Bradbury, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Vince Mihalik, Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing and Chief Commercial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Dan Bradbury.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks Michael and welcome to our first quarter call. This morning our comments will build on the press release issued earlier today. In a few moments Mark will provide additional details on the quarter’s underlying financial results and comment on our outlook for the rest of 2010. Vince will then review our commercial activity for the quarter and highlight our plans for the remainder of the year. At the beginning of the year, I laid out for you four areas of focus for 2010 that we believe will help maximize shareholder value. I will now provide a brief update on our progress during the quarter as it relates to those goals. First, we remain focused on driving revenue of our existing products. We did not meet our expectation for revenue generation in the first quarter. We will, however, continue to aggressively promote the benefits of treatment with BYDUREON and SYMLIN that have been established over the past five years. Second, we intend to successfully launch BYDUREON while continuing to build on our clinical superiority strategy. In mid-March we received a complete response letter from the FDA regarding the new drug application for BYDUREON. The receipt of a complete response letter means our product can be approved after the agency’s outlined concerns are addressed. So importantly we have a clear path forward. We have been working closely with our colleagues at Lilly over the past few weeks to prepare our response, and consistent with our prior guidance we will be submitting it this week. We are also pleased to note that our marketing authorization application for BYDUREON has recently been submitted by Lilly to the European Medicines Agency. We are excited that BYDUREON may soon be a treatment option for patients and physicians in this growing market. Third, we plan to achieve positive cash flow from operations by the end of 2010 on a sustainable basis and for the full year of 2011. We remain on track to achieve these goals, realize the benefit of the significant operating leverage we built into our business model and drive bottom-line growth. In fact, relative to the first quarter of 2009, our non-GAAP operating loss improved 81%, which we believe is a direct reflection of the financial management guiding our management of the business. Importantly, this improvement was realized while we have been making substantial investments in the preparation for the launch of BYDUREON. And finally, as we focus on long-term value creation for shareholders we intend to continue to advance our pipeline. Earlier in the first quarter, we announced that in conjunction with our partner Takeda, we have decided to move pramlintide/metreleptin towards phase 3 clinical studies. This is an important step forward towards making a new peptide therapy for the treatment of obesity available to patients. Additionally, we continue to invest strategically in the exenatide franchise. The development of a pen for BYDUREON remains on track, and we are planning to have it available to patients late in 2012 or early in 2013, contingent on a timely regulatory review. We are also planning on initiating a phase 2 study of a monthly dose suspension formulation of exenatide. Set to launch later this quarter the study will be evaluating the safety, efficacy and tolerability of this novel formulation that leverages the Alkermes’ Medisorb technology, but does not require reconstitution. Before we continue into a more detailed discussion of recent activities, I will now turn things over to Mark Foletta to review our financial results released earlier today.
Mark Foletta: Thanks Dan, and good morning. Earlier this morning we announced our financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2010. As Dan mentioned and we have discussed in previous calls, we are managing the business with operational discipline and are focused on generating sustainable positive operating cash flow and maintaining a strong cash position. Our measure of operating cash flow is non-GAAP operating loss, which in the first quarter was $3.8 million, an 81% improvement from a loss of $19.9 million in the first quarter of 2009. In 2010, we are continuing to efficiently manage our business and remain on track to achieve sustainable, positive operating cash flows by the end of this year. Total revenues decreased in the first quarter $174.1 million from $180.4 million, and our gross margins remain strong at 88%. Our operating expenses were $118.5 million in Q1, consisting of $76.7 million of selling, general and administrative expenses and $41.8 million of research and development expenses. This represents an overall $15.8 million or 12% reduction from expenses of $134.3 million in the same quarter in 2009. This reflects the continued benefit from efficiencies we have incorporated into our operating model. We ended the quarter in a strong financial position with $598 million in cash and investments. We remain well positioned to execute our business plan. For further details regarding our financial results reported today, please refer to the presentation available in the investors section at our company website. I would know like to make a few additional comments comparing the first quarter of 2010 sequentially to the fourth quarter of 2009. BYDUREON sales were down $13.9 million sequentially or 8%, which is consistent with the decline in prescriptions during this period. SYMLIN sales were up $1.8 million or 9% sequentially, despite a 7.5% decrease in prescriptions. This difference primarily reflects the impact of price actions taken at the beginning of the quarter. In a moment Vince will speak in more detail regarding the commercial activities. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $7.4 million or 9% sequentially. The decrease primarily reflects our continued efforts to drive efficiencies in our operations. Research and development expenses decreased by $8.3 million or 17% sequentially. The decrease primarily reflects the timing of expenses associated with BYDUREON, including clinical and manufacturing readiness related activities. Our non-GAAP operating loss was $3.8 million for the first quarter, a 78% sequential improvement, reflecting again our ongoing focus to efficiently manage the business. We expect continued variability in our operating results over upcoming quarters due to incremental expenses to support the launch of BYDUREON. I would now like to reaffirm the key trends and assumptions we provided last quarter to help better frame our outlook for the remainder of this year. Most importantly, I want you to know that we remain on track to deliver sustainable positive operating cash flows by the end of the year. We continue to expect our non-GAAP operating loss to further improve in 2010 compared to 2009. We plan to exit the year positive operating cash flow on a sustainable basis leading to positive non-GAAP operating income for 2011, and GAAP operating profitability by the end of 2011. We now expect our non-cash adjustments used to determine our non-GAAP operating results in 2010 will be between $110 million and $115 million, compared to approximately $98 million in 2009. This reflects incremental depreciation expense associated with our manufacturing facility in Ohio. While non-GAAP operating loss is the key measure for 2010, I will now provide some further quantitative and qualitative guidance to assist you in understanding our expectations. We will learn a $40 million milestone from Eli Lilly upon the launch of BYDUREON in the United States, which will be recorded as collaborative revenue in our income statement. Additionally, we will recognize $7.5 million of collaborative revenue in 2010 from the ratable appreciation of the upfront payment we received from Takeda. We have built a manufacturing facility for BYDUREON that has significant capacity to address expected patient demand. Our gross margins for BYDUREON will be lower than margins for BYETTA, especially for several quarters following the launch. As demand for BYDUREON grows and production increases, we will realize economies of scale and drive towards our targeted margins of at least 75%. Our gross margins for our inline products are expected to be consistent with current levels. We now expect our net interest expense to be between $25 million and $30 million. While our total interest costs have not changed from 2009, we expect to capitalize less interest to our Ohio facility resulting in higher interest expense recorded to our income statement in 2010. With respect to our cash flow, we offer the following additional comments. Capital expenditures, net of reimbursements from Eli Lilly, will be lower than the $98 million net expenditure in 2009. 2010 capital expenditures will be principally focused on strategically investing in exenatide life cycle management. We are assuming that we will repay our outstanding secured debt balance of $86 million in 2010. We used approximately $39 million of cash for our operations in the first quarter. Historically, our use of cash for operations is higher in the first quarter, and we expect this to decrease during the remainder of 2010. We continue to expect to finish 2010 with a substantial cash balance and well funded to launch BYDUREON. To wrap up my remarks, I want to reaffirm our continued commitment to drive additional efficiencies in our business and to achieve positive operating cash flow on a sustainable basis by the end of 2010, while making the investments necessary for a successful BYDUREON launch. Now, I will turn the call over to Vince to review our commercial activities.
Vince Mihalik: Thank you Mark. The Amylin sales and marketing organization remains focused on our day-to-day business, driving revenue for our currently marketed products BYETTA and SYMLIN and preparing for the launch of BYDUREON. I will start with BYETTA. As a reminder, BYETTA is the first FDA approved GLP-1 receptor agonist available on the market. BYETTA addresses specific (inaudible) benefits of powerful glucose control with potential weight loss, supported by a lower risk of hypoglycemia. Sales were down 8% quarter over quarter reflecting a 7.7% decrease in total prescriptions for the quarter, but overall prescriptions for the diabetes market remained relatively flat. The performance of BYETTA during the quarter did not match our expectations. However, though sales were down quarter-over-quarter, we observed some intriguing dynamics in the diabetes market during the first quarter of 2010. Since the launch of our first competitor in the GLP-1 receptor agonist class, we have seen signs that the class is returning to growth. In fact the new to brand [ph] prescription data indicates that the GLP-1 class has grown by more than 60% over the past eight weeks. During this time we have not seen a major impact on new prescriptions for BYETTA. We see this as a clear sign that the market is willing to adopt new entrants into this interesting class of therapies, a sign that bodes well for the launch of BYDUREON. Along with the well-established safety and efficacy profile of BYETTA, we offer a highly favorable level of access with managed care plans. Following the approval of BYETTA for use as a monotherapy, we continue to maintain 85% tier Amylin Pharmaceuticals access, having reduced the number of step-edits by over 40%, and expect to further reduce the remaining step-edits as we move through the year. Now let us move on to SYMLIN the first and only FDA approved Amylin analog. As a reminder, SYMLIN is our wholly owned compound that addresses unmet needs for patients with Type I or Type II diabetes, who use meal time insulin. SYMLIN reduces blood glucose fluctuations, improving glucose control and often causing weight loss. In March, we celebrated five years of market presence for SYMLIN, an achievement that we are really proud of. We continue to drive sales and increase awareness of the benefits of treatment with SYMLIN analog, and we also continue to focus on activities to improve persistency that we instituted during the quarter. SYMLIN revenues grow approximately 9% in the first quarter, driven mainly by price action taken during the quarter. Overall prescriptions were down approximately 7.5%. As we progress through 2010, we will continue to explore partnership possibilities for SYMLIN outside the United States. Turning now to BYDUREON, and Dan mentioned, we received a complete response letter from the FDA regarding the new drug applications for BYDUREON. In the complete response letter, there are no new requests for pre-clinical or clinical trials. The key components of the letter required a response related primarily to the finalization of the product labeling with an accompanying risk evaluation and mitigation strategy or REMS, and clarification of proprietary manufacturing processes. The complete response letter did not contain requests related to the December 2009 observations, issued following the FDA’s pre-approval inspection at the Ohio manufacturing facility. All of those observations were addressed. As Dan mentioned earlier in the call, we have been working closely with Lilly on preparing our response to the FDA and will be submitting it later this week. At this juncture, the exenatide one team is continuing in full prelaunch mode and is prepared to commercialize BYDUREON in 2010. BYDUREON has the potential to become the first and only diabetes therapy that provides the power of continuous control for a full week with just one dose. As they prepare for the launch of BYDUREON, we will continue to highlight the exciting data we are seeing from the DURATION clinical programs, and leverage that knowledge that we have gained through the development and commercialization of BYETTA, which is a key competitive advantage. The DURATION series of studies is progressing as planned. Recall that these studies are designed to demonstrate superior glucose control compared with leading medicines widely used to treat type II diabetes. Data from DURATION-4 a head-to-head monotherapy study pitting BYDUREON against maximum doses of Actos, Januvia and metformin are expected in the second half of this year. Additionally DURATION-6, a study that will examine the efficacy, safety and tolerability of BYDUREON head-to-head with liraglutide, continues to enroll patients and we expect data in the first half of 2011. Throughout the DURATION clinical program, BYDUREON has demonstrated robust efficacy and acceptable safety and tolerability profile, all with just one weekly dose. Highlighting the powerful and durable clinical results that BYDUREON continues to produce, a 52-week data from the DURATION-1 study, which were recently published in Diabetes Care. Based on the data we have seen to date from the DURATION program, we have also committed to running a cardiovascular outcome study with BYDUREON, which we are calling EXSCEL, the Exenatide Once Weekly Study of Cardiovascular Event Lowering. Though we intended to begin patient enrolment during the first quarter of this year, the protocol for EXSCEL is still under review by the FDA. We anticipate that the first patient visit will occur soon after the agency has completed their review. Exenatide is a revolutionary molecule, and we intend to continue to strategically invest in it. We continue to work on developing a pen for BYDUREON, which we anticipate will be available to patients by the end of 2012 or early in 2013, contingent on timely regulatory reviews. Additionally, later this quarter we will commence a Phase 2 proof of concept study of a monthly dose suspension formulation of exenatide. This monthly dosed formulation does not require reconstitution and leverages the unique potency of exenatide. As we continue to build on the heritage of BYETTA, we will explore novel and convenient ways to deliver the benefits of exenatide therapy. Before moving into my closing remarks, I would also like to highlight the fact that our partner, Eli Lilly and Company, has recently submitted a marketing authorization application to the European Medicines Agency for BYDUREON. We continue to closely monitor the dynamics of the diabetes market in Europe, and are looking forward to a successful launch for BYDUREON in this important market. Let me close my portion of the remarks by saying that we are encouraged by the momentum we are seeing in the company, and our work with the exenatide one team and our collaboration with Lilly and in the marketplace. Also I am pleased to announce that Jake Friedman has joined Amylin as Vice President of Sales. Jake brings extensive sales leadership to the role and will report to me. Jake joins us from Pfizer, where he held significant leadership roles, including senior vice president for sales for the arthritis pain division, and senior vice president of sales for the Neuroscience division. We believe that we have transitioned to a commercial model that is more effective, efficient and customer focused to provide value. Even as we plan for the launch of BYDUREON, our organization remains dedicated to driving near-term revenue performance for BYETTA and SYMLIN. I will now turn the call back over to Dan to discuss additional activities.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks Vince. I will just add a few more updates before we close. In the third quarter of 2009, we announced the partnership with Takeda to co-develop and commercialize obesity medicines. Now that we have completed the phase 2 studies for pramlintide/metreleptin and davalintide, we have reviewed the data with Takeda and made the decision to advance pramlintide/metreleptin into phase 3 clinical studies. During the fourth quarter of 2009, we also completed a phase 2 study of davalintide, a second generation analog of Amylin, for the treatment of obesity. In this study the weight loss efficacy and tolerability profile of davalintide were not improved over pramlintide, and were inferior to that of pramlintide/metreleptin combination. Based on this information and as part of our co-development and commercialization agreement with Takeda, we have decided to halt further development of davalintide at this time. There is an enormous unmet need for therapies that could help reduce the individual and society [ph] burdens associated with the rampant obesity epidemic. Making the decision to advance the pramlintide/metreleptin combination into phase 3 clinical studies is an important step towards bringing such a therapy to patients. Now as we enter the second quarter of 2010, I would like to quickly preview our presence at the American Diabetes Association scientific meeting that will be held June 25 through June 29 in Orlando. Once again, we are planning to have a significant scientific and commercial presence at that meeting. I'm pleased to announce that we have had more than 20 abstracts accepted at the meeting with several additional studies submitted as late breakers. A preliminary list of abstracts and other activities at ADA will be posted to our corporate website when available. Of particular note, please mark your calendars for a web cast of our annual investor reception on Sunday, June 27 at 7:30 PM Eastern Time to review meeting highlights. We look forward to seeing many of you in Orlando. I'm also pleased to note that we will be holding our 2010 annual meeting of stockholders on Thursday, April 29, at 9 AM Pacific Time here in San Diego. For those stockholders who aren’t able to attend the meeting in person, we invite them to listen to the web cast of the meeting during which we will provide a corporate overview. We look forward to this opportunity to provide additional updates about Amylin and answer questions from our stockholders. Additionally, I would like to congratulate our directors, Dr. James Gavin, on his appointment as the chairman of the board of The Partnership for a Healthier America. The partnership is working to mobilize the private sector, thought leaders, media and local communities to action and further the goals of First Lady Michelle Obama’s Let's Move campaign to curb childhood obesity. We are proud to have Dr. Gavin serving on our board, and know that The Partnership for a Healthier America will benefit from his insight into obesity related illnesses, and his dedication to help patients by influencing positive change in the healthcare industry. Now to close, importantly we have established a clear path forward for the approval of BYDUREON. As I mentioned earlier, we have been working closely over the past few weeks to prepare our response to the agency and we will submit it this week. Our partner, Eli Lilly and Company, has recently submitted a marketing authorization application to the European Medicines Agency for BYDUREON. Early signs point to both the European and US markets being readily willing to adopt new entrants into the GLP-1 class, and we could not be more excited about establishing BYDUREON as a globally available treatment option for patients worldwide. As you heard from Vince, though we did not meet our product revenue expectations, we will continue to drive revenue from or currently marketed products BYETTA and SYMLIN, while preparing for the launch of BYDUREON. Also as Mark noted during his review of our financial results this quarter, we are efficiently managing our business to keep expenses in line with revenues. The direct result of this financial discipline is evidenced by the 81% improvement in our non-GAAP operating results over the first quarter of 2009, and by the fact that we remain on track to achieve our stated goal of being cash flow positive from operations as we exit 2010. And looking forward, we continue to advance our most promising pipeline assets. We have tremendous momentum. We remain focused on executing our business plan and advancing our mission to improve the lives of people with diabetes. I will now ask the operator to open the lines for questions. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital: Yes, hi guys. I'm just wondering if you can update us on any discussions you might have had with FDA since receipt of complete response letter, and then just based on you know, discussions you had with the agency with Lilly and internally, what are your expectations in terms of the black box on the label finally, and then class 1 versus class 2 designation for your response. Thanks.
Dan Bradbury: Hi Jim, good morning. Thanks for your questions. So I will try and get all of them down. So firstly with regards to discussions with the agency, we did have a number of discussions with the agency since the receipt of the complete response letter, and as such I think it's fair to say that we remain confident in the response that we'll be submitting to the FDA later this week in terms of addressing the questions that were raised in the complete response letter. The second part of your question with regards to the label, I will just say that the label hasn’t been finalized. You know, as we have communicated previously based on the data available there does appear to be differences across compounds in this class. I would also note that we are aware of the agency's public comments and you know, since we are in discussions with the agency at the moment, it wouldn’t be appropriate for me to comment on what may or may not be the outcome of those discussions, but I would stress to everybody that we do want to make BYDUREON available as fast as possible to patients. You know, the good news is that we do have a clear path forward. We will submit our response this week. We are going to continue to work with the FDA towards the goal of getting BYDUREON approved, and you know, given the profile of BYDUREON Jim, I know you're as excited as I am about the fact that we are seeing such tremendous efficacy with the product and being dosed just once a week. I think it gives us a real opportunity. The third question you had I think was with respect to whether you expected – we expect the agency to designate a class I or a class II response. That is a designation that they, you know, determine and so as such we are not in a position at the moment to comment. I would add though that we have worked to minimize the work that would be required by the agency. That having been said you know, it's one of those things that they have the final say on that.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital: Great. Thanks for taking the questions Dan.
Dan Bradbury: Thank you Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Navdeep Singh - Citigroup: Hi good morning. This is Navdeep filling in for Yaron. Since the launch of Victoza have you seen any, you said that you've seen growth in the GLP market. Do you expect – can you find more qualitative background on that, and also on BYETTA inventories, how do they look at end of Q1?
Dan Bradbury: Thanks Navdeep. I'm going to ask Vince to respond with regards to GLP-1 market, and then Mark maybe in response with regards to inventories.
Vince Mihalik: First of all, let's look at in terms of looking at the GLP-1 market, it's a little early to tell what's going to happen. We are seeing, as I commented, 60 % growth in what our new to brand prescriptions. These are patients who are naïve to the therapy, it's not a Repeat NRx [ph], but they are ones we haven't had an NRx in the last 12 months, and from that we believe the GLP-1 class is clearly growing. As I commented, the competitor’s growth is strong and following pretty much the BYETTA uptake curve. So overall the growth of the competition is in line with our expectations, and I would also say that their growth is stronger than the BYETTA losses we've seen to date. So it's clear that the market, the GLP-1 market is growing a little bit in terms of the overall diabetes branded market.
Mark Foletta: Yes, and the second question Navdeep, with respect to wholesaler inventories for BYETTA, as we said in the past there is a range of normal wholesaler inventory levels and as you know, quarterly fluctuations are expected, but based on our analysis, the wholesaler inventory levels do appear to be down slightly from the levels observed at the end of the fourth quarter. You know, importantly we believe wholesaler inventories are adequate to meet patient demand, but we do believe they are probably towards the lower end of the range that we’ve seen historically with BYETTA. Thank you.
Navdeep Singh - Citigroup: Okay, and a quick follow-up. Taking into account BYDUREON’s better convenience versus available GLP-1s, what's your pricing strategy for it especially compared to Victoza?
Dan Bradbury: Yes, thanks Navdeep for the question. So we are going to determine the final pricing strategy once we have a final label from the agency, and we can make a determination of the appropriate relative benefit for the product. I think, one of the things that would be clear, it is important though to stress is that we will clearly maximize the value of the molecule once we are in the possession of a final label from the agency.
Navdeep Singh - Citigroup: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Lee [ph] with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Thomas Lee - Jefferies: Hi, thanks. I know back on March 15th when you got the complete response letter, you said that it would be submitted in the next few weeks. Can you let us know what the rate limiting step has been in the resubmission, it has come a little bit later than I think most of us would have thought?
Dan Bradbury: Well, Thomas I’d just say that we believe we are on track from what we guided as I mentioned in our previous remarks. So certainly I think it's within the range that we expected that we would be submitting. One of the things that has occurred during the time since we received the complete response letter, as I mentioned previously, we have had a number of interactions with the agency. So, one of the things that we've been trying to do is ensure that everything that we summit to the agency is in complete accordance with their expectations.
Thomas Lee - Jefferies: And on the guidance for a positive operating cash flow by the end of the year, is that too independent of the $40 million milestone from Lilly?
Mark Foletta: Yes Thomas, I think it's important, this is Mark here. It's important to remember that we are putting a significant amount of costs in our Ohio facility into the R&D line through this year. So, certainly as we move those into inventory and ultimately obviously into cost of goods sold, we will see continued improvement in our income statement. So, yes, you know, we believe the business is really operating as you can see from two of the last three quarters relatively close to neutral at the non-GAAP line, and that is in the face of segment investments we were making to prepare for the launch of BYDUREON.
Thomas Lee - Jefferies: And on the R&D line, as we go forward over the course of the year, how should we expect that change for the second quarter and into the second half of this year?
Dan Bradbury: Yes, Tom this is a good question. As you have noticed over the last few quarters, the R&D line has been somewhat lumpy. We did decrease sequentially about $8 million from the fourth quarter. As we said in the prepared remarks, that was associated mostly with the timing of manufacturing readiness activities at Ohio. Primarily, I think that was inventory components, not really the level of effort to prepare the facility for launch, and manufacturing activities will continue to drive variability over the upcoming quarters. So it is a little difficult to predict the exact amount. Just know that the base efforts that are underway in Ohio are continuing and that the expenses associated with all the DURATION programs and the cardiovascular study that will be commenced very soon here. We are in preparation to that as you know, we will continue to create some variability within the research and development line.
Thomas Lee - Jefferies: Thanks.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks Thomas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the questions. My first one I guess is for Vince, and going back to your comments on the market dynamics within the GLP-1 space, now that Victoza is available, and this new to brand growth you mentioned, are you seeing uptake among primary care docs at this point or is this primarily among specialists as was the case with the launch of BYETTA?
Dan Bradbury: Go ahead Vince.
Vince Mihalik: First of all Cory, yes, we are seeing uptake among primary care physicians. In fact if you look into the data, above 50% of the scripts roughly are coming from endos [ph] and about 50% from primary care physicians, but as a percentage of the class obviously far more endos are writing than PCPs, and secondly the PCPs we do see writing tend to be the ones, (inaudible) are more likely to adopt new brands.
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan: Okay, and then I guess the next question may be for Mark. I'm wondering how soon after the BYDUREON’s approval in Europe, do you expect to begin recognizing royalties, are the thresholds there the same for what you have with BYETTA?
Mark Foletta: Yes, I think it's important to remember that the threshold was really tied to the exenatide molecule. So we are really proceeding towards that threshold with BYETTA, which has been on the market for a number of quarters as you know in Europe. So we’ve guided that we expect to hit that threshold either late this year or into 2011.
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan: There is nothing that resets with BYDUREON?
Mark Foletta: Absolutely not. No, it's really tied to a cumulative threshold for the entire molecule.
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan: Okay, great and then my last question is on the once monthly formulation of exenatide, is there anything you can offer on the initial data or studies you’ve done that prompted pushing this into phase 2 and I guess if the ongoing development is indeed successful what might clinical timelines look like for this product?
Dan Bradbury: So, Cory with regards to I guess what we can offer, I mean just to say that last year we completed an initial proof of concept study using the suspension formulation. It was really based on the pharmacokinetics that we saw in that study that we believe that we could now develop a once-monthly formulation. Looking at both the release profile, but also the variability around the release profile was key to that. I guess with regards to what the development plan would be going forward, it is going to be very much subject to the outcome of the study that we are commencing this quarter. That having been said, I think you should expect that we would be pursuing a follow on regulatory strategy similar to the regulatory strategy that we've pursued with BYDUREON.
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Dan Bradbury: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Catherine Arnold with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Catherine Arnold - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning everyone. I wanted to – I have a follow-up on the once-monthly form and I also wanted to ask you about your CV outcome study. On the once-monthly form, could you just clarify, you said that enrollment – you said enrollment will commence this quarter. So am I to infer from that that you don't need to wait for the approval of BYDUREON to begin the enrollment there?
Dan Bradbury: That's correct Catherine. We have submitted an IND for the once-monthly formulation. So the first patient visit is scheduled later this quarter.
Catherine Arnold - Credit Suisse: And do you know when you'll be able to give us more information on the characteristics of this particular form. Is that going to be an ADA update along with your sort of rollout of what else is happening at ADA?
Dan Bradbury: Actually, at this time we don't have any plans for characterization or any data from the suspension formulation to be presented at ADA this year. I expect that probably once we've completed this study that we’ll be providing more characterization of the formulation.
Catherine Arnold - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then another question on the CV outcome study, it seems that the enrollment was expected to be 12,000 patients and now it's down to 9,500. I just wanted your comment on the original target for 12,000 was set for the very early days trying to think through you know, what might be very conservative numbers versus what you're seeing in terms of your experience of the product with clinical studies, and I noticed that you're not changing your guidance on when the study will report out, but I would imagine that even though that you're probably a little delayed here as you mentioned earlier, your enrollment will be down much sooner. So I'm wondering if the guidance for 2016, completion of this study might be conservative and then how should we be thinking about the R&D costs longer-term with you progressing on such a big study with 20% reduction in patients?
Dan Bradbury: Right. So, yes number of questions there. First, you are absolutely right. With regards to the change in the study sites that was really driven by further analysis looking at the power required for the study, and on the completion of, you know, more duration studies we were able to have greater precision in the determination of that study sites. With regards to your question about the completion timing, there is obviously you know, a fair amount of flexibility around that. You know, the study completion is actually going to be event driven. So that's very much an estimate, and so at this time that estimate is really not changing, and it's not that sensitive, I would say that estimate is not that sensitive, you know, quarter versus quarter. We do expect to receive feedback from the agency on the CV outcomes study protocol, the EXSCEL study protocol in the near future and that should enable us to initiate first patient visit very soon thereafter.
Mark Foletta: And I will just comment on your last question Catherine, with respect to longer-term R&D, I think you should think of that as us continuing to invest in the exenatide lifecycle management as the CV outcomes study does pick up other activities though will wind down. We don't see over time significant increases in our investment in the exenatide franchise overall in our research and development over the longer-term.
Catherine Arnold - Credit Suisse: Thanks.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks Catherine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Salveen Kochnover with Collins Stewart. Please proceed.
Salveen Kochnover - Collins Stewart: Thanks for taking my questions. You know, since you've been monitoring the Victoza launch and the effect of BYETTA, how do you intend to position the sales force to endos versus PCPs and the marketing message here for BYDUREON?
Dan Bradbury: Hi Salveen, I'm going to ask Vince to take that.
Vince Mihalik: Salveen, obviously we made changes into our footprint last year, and Lilly made changes in their footprint in the fourth quarter. What we attempted to do with those changes were to build deeper relationships with endos and physicians, and also with patients through our BYETTA By Your Side program. So our focus is really on building and establishing those kinds of relationships to make sure that we will have the right connections. And I would say that you know, those footprints we have today now covers more than 50% of the branded diabetes business in terms of the doctors who prescribe. The other 50% obviously you know, in a concentration curve goes over 100,000 plus doctors. So we think we are focused on absolutely the right doctors to launch BYDUREON.
Salveen Kochnover - Collins Stewart: Okay, and then just in terms of pramlintide/metreleptin can you maybe describe the design of the phase 3 trial?
Dan Bradbury: Actually Salveen, at this time we haven't finalized the design of the phase 3 studies. We are conducting additional studies that will enable those designs to be finalized later on this year.
Salveen Kochnover - Collins Stewart: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer with Leerink Swann. Please proceed.
Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann: Great. Thanks very much for taking the questions. First of all, on the gross margin commentary on BYDUREON, can you give us a sense what the gross margins are going to be before and after the autoinjector introduction, what does the autoinjector contribute?
Dan Bradbury: Hi Josh. Just a couple of comments there. So the comment that was made by Mark with regards to gross margin, he was really commenting about the fact that at the time that we would introduce BYDUREON in the custom dozing kit that has been designed for the launch of the product, obviously we will be incurring significant costs that will be charged as a result of the fact that it is a brand-new facility against the cost of good to the product. That will decline over – those will decline over time as volume increases. That is not related to the introduction of the BYDUREON pen.
Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann: So, once you have the pen and the initial inventory has been worked through, where do you expect gross margins on BYDUREON to wind up?
Mark Foletta: Yes. Josh, what we have said is that we really believe the minimum target for margins is 75%. Obviously we would look to improve it as we can, closer to 80%. I think you need to remember a couple of things. One, we do have a drug delivery partner there with a mid-to-high single digit royalty that will be booked through the cost of goods line. So that is one difference with respect to BYETTA. And as Dan indicated and I indicated in the prepared remarks, we have the plant early on, where we will have – we won't have the economies of scale. But we do expect to drive towards margin in that greater than 75% to 80% range.
Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann: Okay, great. And then your partner Eli Lilly took a bit of a hit on healthcare reform on the top line, and on the bottom line as well, was there any impact first of all for you guys in the first quarter, and what do you expect the healthcare reform effect on Amylin to be for 2010 and beyond?
Dan Bradbury: Yes, sure Josh. We certainly have modeled all the new legislation, as all the companies did. The impact in our first quarter was really not significant and relates primarily to the expansion of Medicaid discounts. As you know, importantly the provisions of healthcare reform will be implemented over time, and we do expect greater discounts to the government in the future. Importantly though this new legislation was contemplated in our business plans, and really not an obstacle to our achievement of our stated business goals that we put forth. Obviously this is something we will continue to watch as we go forward. But I want you to know that this is something we really considered and is within our expectations thus far.
Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann: Okay, great. And then may be one last quick question on the Leptin lipodystrophy filing, what is the basis for the filing, what are you going to be submitting to the FDA, what have you discussed with the FDA in terms of the application, and maybe you can talk as well a little bit about the commercial opportunity there?
Dan Bradbury: Yes, thanks for the question Josh. So, our plan is that later this year that we would submit the clinical section of the NDA, followed next year by the CMC section. The basis of it is the studies that have already been completed in patients with severe lipodystrophy, a number of which have been published, particularly some major work is being done by the NIH in this regard. And showing absolutely remarkable effects in people with severe lipodystrophy with complete reversal of the disease in some cases. So we are actually very excited about it. In terms of – I'm excited in terms of making it available to people who really have no other effective treatment option. The population that we are talking about is a relatively small population, estimated in the United States to be somewhere between 500 and 1000 people with severe lipodystrophy, And as such it qualifies as an orphan drug designation, and indeed we already have that designation for metreleptin.
Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray: Good morning guys. It's just a question for Vince, on the Victoza launch, just curious, you know, what type of qualitative feedback you've got in terms of physicians’ perceptions of the black box warning, you know, how much of a hindrance or road block is that for their adoption of Victoza, and how meaningful of a competitive advantage would it be for BYDUREON not to have that.
Dan Bradbury: So, thank you Ian for the question. I think we – the doctors’ responses have been pretty much a normal response curve. There are certainly early adopters who are not concerned at all about the thyroid c-cell warnings given the fact that they’ve been seen in rat models, and not in humans and at the other end you can expect that there are physicians who are concerned about the long-term safety of patients who may consider this a kind of a wait and see, how scripts go over a period of time. So I think we are seeing what we would have expected to see that there is a variety of different responses in the marketplace. Based on the way you see scripts being written, clearly endos don't have as strong a concern and certainly a good portion of the PCP market doesn't seem to have as much of a concern and then obviously if there were – if we see in the future a different label for BYDUREON that would certainly have a possible effect.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray: And just a question on BYDUREON, I know you're not speaking to the pricing of the drug yet, but as we look at the market opportunity, you know, what portion would you attribute I guess longer term to sales coming from the endocrinologist community versus the primary care physician community, and is there any price sensitivity in the primary care market that may be we’re not, we shouldn't expect on the endocrinologist side?
Mark Foletta: Harder to say. First of all our final pricing decision has been made as you know, and Dan has commented just previously and it's always a balance between access scientific value utilization of the drug and price. So we'll have to balance all of those once we have a final label, and we can work that into our thoughts and certainly come up with a price. Keep in mind though that based on the DURATION series of clinical trials, we do show that BYDUREON provides value over current therapies, and that would give us some sense to maximize the value of the molecule.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you very much.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks Ian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Gordon with Cowen & Co. Please proceed.
Craig Gordon - Cowen & Co: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Just two of them, first on the obesity program, so I know you guys are saying you're hoping to finalize later this year. So is starting the trials a year-end event or is that more likely to begin in 2011?
Dan Bradbury: More likely to begin in 2011 Craig.
Craig Gordon - Cowen & Co: And then second on R&D and SG&A, can you just break out for us non-stock compensation for those lines?
Mark Foletta: Yes, one second, let me just get that in front of me here. It's here one second. Okay, it is for the quarter $9.3 million to SG&A and $6.2 million to R&D, $15.5 million total.
Craig Gordon - Cowen & Co: Thank you very much.
Mark Foletta: Thank you.
Dan Bradbury: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer portion of today's conference call. I will now like to turn the call back over to Dan Bradbury for any closing remarks.
Dan Bradbury: Well, as always thank you for your interest and for your questions. We have a huge opportunity here at Amylin to continue to advance our mission and discovering, developing, and commercializing medicines to improve the lives of patients, particularly those with diabetes. Additionally, I'd like to further reinforce that our leadership team and the many dedicated employees of Amylin remain focused on both building the business today, and laying the necessary foundation of success for tomorrow. If you have any additional questions please call Michael York, the head of our investor relations team after this call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker - Vice President of Investor Relations Jim Cornelius - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jean-Marc Huet - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Lamberto Andreotti - President and Chief Operating Officer Elliott Sigal - Executive Vice President
Analysts: John Boris - Citi Tony Butler - Barclays Capital Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs David Risinger - Morgan Stanley Steve Scala - Cowen Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann Keyur Parekh - UBS. Chris Schott - JPMorgan Tim Anderson - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Good day and welcome to today’s fourth quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead Mr. Elicker.
John Elicker: Thank you and good morning everybody and thanks for joining us. The purpose of the call this morning is to review our fourth quarter results and outlook for 2010. With me today are James M. Cornelius our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lamberto Andreotti our President and Chief Operating Officer, Elliott Sigal, our Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer and also for the first time, Charlie Bancroft, Senior Vice President and our Acting CFO. Jim and Charlie will have prepared remarks and then Lamberto and Elliott will be here for Q & A as well. I will take care of the legal requirements first. During the call, we will make statements about the company’s future plans and prospects including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development and product potential that constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company’s most recent annual report on 10-K, and our reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers Squibb website, or from Bristol-Myers Squibb Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today. It should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Jim.
James Cornelius: Thanks John. Good morning everyone. It was three years ago in January 2007 when I first had the privilege of announcing and try and explain results of Bristol-Myers Squibb. I am very pleased every quarter we have delivered on what we said we do. Fourth quarter this last year is no exception to that. Before reviewing our fourth quarter performance which was very strong both strategically and operationally I want to step back, highlight some of the key steps we took in 2009. The most recent in December, we split off our remaining ownership in Mead Johnson Nutrition Company, making us a fully focused Bio pharma company. As you know this strategic decision and complex transaction was very well received and has created significant shareholder value in a tax efficient way and lower the number of Bristol-Myers Squibb shares outstanding as we go forward. Also of importance, we extended our Abilify agreement with Otsuka giving us 29 additional months of Abilify contribution to our sales and earnings. Just as a reminder, we expect that extension will be accretive by at least $0.30 per share in both 2013 and 2014, probably when we need it the most. We acquired Medarex, our largest Pearl to date, in our String of Pearls. In addition to full rights to the [inaudible] oncology compound, ipilimumab, we gained access to novel technology platforms, scientific knowledge, and outstanding research people. We launched ONGLYZA in six countries, including the US and UK as we advanced our robust innovative pipeline. The past year was truly transformational for Bristol-Myers Squibb. I can now say definitively, that we gone from becoming Bio pharma to being Bio pharma. Within that as a background, let me turn to our fourth quarter results, which is excellent execution across the company. In the fourth quarter our revenues grew a 11%, or if I adjust those for the retail and our foreign exchange a 7% growth rate globally, as compared to the same period a year ago. Our key drivers, Plavix and Abilify, continue to have double digit global growth. BARACLUDE, Sprycel, ORENCIA all grew 30% or more in the quarter, indicating how customers positively pursue the value of these recent launches. In our HIV portfolio, REYATAZ and Sustiva franchise both had solid growth of nearly 20%. All the top line growth remained focused on executing our productivity initiatives and we are seeing improvements in our operating and pre-tax margins as well as in net income. Our non-GAAP operating margin improved by 300 basis points and our pre-tax margins are up over 200 basis points compared to a year ago. By executing at both the top and bottom line for the fourth quarter, we have realized an 18% increase in our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from the continuing operations. We also grew up full year non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations by 24%. Financially, as you know, we have focused on cash flow management and that is reflected by our year-end cash position of approximately $10 billion in cash and marketable securities, which is competitive among our peer group. Translating that into a net cash that is a positive $3.5 billion and very strong. As a result, we continue to pursue acquisitions, licensing deals, and partnerships through our String of Pearls strategy. In the fourth quarter, we entered a global agreement with Alder for another Pearl ALD518, promising monoclonal antibody for rheumatoid arthritis. You will also note from our press release that we are going to collaborate with our partners in Indianapolis that is the Eli Lilly Company to co-develop and co-commercialize, what was used to be called ImClone 11F8, a Phase III cancer compound. We hope to leverage our share earnings, working on other tax to help bring this novel biologic innovations. Few weeks ago, we submitted the filings to the FDA for a fixed dose combination among Onglyza Plus metformin extended-release tablets. We believe this represents a future opportunity to further demonstrate the value of Onglyza. We are currently executing plans with our partners at AstraZeneca to improve Onglyza’s growth trajectory. We are working to ensure patients and positions under stent and Onglyza an important treatment option for type 2 diabetes. Looking ahead in 2010 we are confident we can sustain our operational performance. We are providing a 2010 GAAP EPS guidance range $1.94 to $2.04 and a non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $2.15 to $2.25 per share. Importantly, this guidance excludes the potential impact of comprehensive U.S. Health Care Reform. On a near term horizon, we have our novel kidney transplantation biologic [Belatasa]. We also expect to submit an application in the EU for the approval of Apixaban for the prevention of venous thromboembolism in the first half of this year. Our R & D continues to be very productive and is preparing our company for leadership in a number of areas, all unmet medical need.  With strong operational results, disciplined financial management in a robust pipeline, we have what we need to we need to execute our strategy. With that, I am going to turn over to Charlie Bancroft, our Acting CFO. Charlie, as you know, is a 25-year veteran of Bristol-Myers Squibb. He knows more than all of us combined. Welcome him to his first opportunity to address Wall Street, Charlie. Charlie Bancroft: Thanks Jim and good morning everyone. I will review our fourth quarter results and our 2010 guidance before we go to your questions. As Jim mentioned we successfully completed the split off with Mead Johnson during the fourth quarter. As a result we are recording Mead Johnson as a discontinued operation. Therefore, my comments will focus on our continuing operations for what is now solely, our bio pharma business. And please report our fourth quarter performance as strong, non-GAAP EPS from continuing operation increased 18% versus last year followed operational performance, reflected by sales growth in our bio pharma business along with continued focus on productivity resulted in yet another great quarter. The company pursued fourth quarter net sales of $5 billion. Compared to last year this is an increase of 11% or 7% excluding impact of foreign exchange. Our fourth quarter net sales include a positive 3% impact from price and a 4% increase in volumes. US net sales grew 11% to $3.1 billion, compared to last year and internationally our net sales were %1.9 billion, which represents an increase of 11% or 2% net of foreign exchange. Our underlying business is strong and we have had consistent sales growth this year. Let me walk you through some highlights of our products. In our cardiovascular franchise, Plavix sales were up 10% globally or 8% net or foreign exchange. In the US our fourth quarter sales for Plavix were up 11% versus last year. This increase was driven by price and volume gains as prescription growth in the US was up 4%. To date, [Efient] has had minimal impact on Plavix sales. At the end of December, generic clopidogrel was available in 14 European countries and we have seen significant share, on price erosion in certain markets, notably France and the UK. In our P&L this is primarily reflected an equity net income of affiliates. In nearest times, Abilify worldwide sales were up 17% in the quarter, for 15% tax cutbacks. About two third of our sales growth in the US comes from our indications for bipolar and major depressive disorder. Our strong clinical program for Abilify has led to the broadest set of indications for any atypical. As part of the extension agreement, we signed in April last year, reported reliance revenue is lower by $16 million this quarter and that reflects the amortization of a $400 million, upfront payment to Otsuka. Our virology portfolio has global sales of 21% versus prior year, and that is lead by Baraclude, which is up 39%, the Sustiva franchise which is up 19%, and Reyataz which is up 18% or 13%. Reyataz global sales growth is steady in the face of tough competition from new Protease inhibitors launched in 2009. Nearly, 7 out of 10 needle treatment patients are prescribed either Sustiva or Reyataz as part of their initial anti-retroviral regimen. Baraclude global sales were $212 million in the quarter and Baraclude has market leadership in E.U., China and Japan. ORENCIA sales were $168 million in the fourth quarter that is an increase of 30% or 28% excluding FX. In the U.S. the ORENCIA sales grew 19% and that was driven by an increase in total patients for ORENCIA although the market for I.V. patient moved down slightly. We plan to submit the subcutaneous administration of ORENCIA later in 2010. In Oncology, Erbitux sales in the U.S. were $163 million, which is down 9% from prior year. Erbitux sales in colorectal cancer has become stabilize despite a continued decline in the overall colorectal cancer market place. Sales in head and neck are down driven by a slowing market. Global Sprycel sales were a $119 million that is up 38% or 29% except FX. We expect to present the results from the Sprycel first line study later this year. And finishing with metabolics, Onglyza was approved in the U.S. in July and then in Europe in October. We, along with our partners in AstraZeneca have launched in the U.S., Mexico, and several markets in the E.U. We look to launch in a number of additional key markets in the near future. Fourth quarter sales in the U.S. were impacted by stocking orders in the third quarter. We are making steady progress in our launch. Positive signs include improved access, Doctors reimbursement and increase in division and positive trends in physicians' intent to prescribe Onglyza. Now let me move to the rest of [team] now. Our non-GAAP gross margin went down a 110 basis point to 72.2% compared to fourth quarter 2008. Improvements in nets and productivity were more than offset by unfavorable foreign exchange hedging year over year. Full year non-GAAP gross margin was up though, a 190 basis points to 73.3%. For the quarter, we reduced over non-GAAP total SG&A as a percentage of sales by 400 basis points. From 31% a year ago to 27% in Q4, 2009 and this is primarily reflecting our continued productivity efforts. Non-GAAP R&D expenses increased 10% to $935 million. R&D as a percentage of sales which was relatively flat at 18.6% for the quarter. This was accomplished even with the investment in new Pearls with Medarex having the biggest in [inaudible]. Our effective overall company non-GAAP assets and earnings from continuing operations was 15.7% for the fourth quarter, as compared to 13.4% in 2008. Remember though that our fourth quarter of 2008 rate was favorably impacted accounting for the full year the tax credit in that quarter. In 2009 fourth quarter tax rate is lower than expected based on various items that in part impacted the total year rate but were only fully accounted for the fourth quarter. We don’t expect most of these items to carry forward into 2010. A few words on our cash we continue our focused on cash flow and our employees have fully embraced this in our culture. We have excellent operating cash flows and continue a great progress on working capital initiative. This is clearly reflected by our full year trade working capital improvement of over $800 million and added against the good growth in our business. As Jim mentioned we currently have $10 billion in cash in market as securities and this provides us the financial flexibility we need to invest in potential business development opportunities to improve the company’s earning profile in 2012 and beyond. Now let me turn to guidance. Our 2010 GAAP EPS guidance is $1.94 to $2.04 that reflected expected milestone payments from existing partnerships and other specified items related to restructuring. Our 2010 non-GAAP EPS guidance from continuing operations is $2.15 to $2.25. This guidance excludes any potential impact of the U.S. healthcare reform. The key assumptions for 2010 non-GAAP guidance include revenue growth of mid-single digits. We expect gross margin to be relatively flat decreased in the mid to high single digits and should be relatively flat. We expect our investment R&D to be up in the mid to high single digit range and our full year effective tax rates should be in the 23% to 24% range. Now this is simply the extension of sub-product in the R&D tax credit in 2010. Let me close by re-stating what has been the case with our past several quarters. Our fourth quarter performance was solid. Strong sales growth with the continued focus on productivity resulted in 18% increase in non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations. Across all organization, we are dedicated to delivering our strategy and our commitment. Thank you. Now we are happy to take your questions. John Elicker: Thanks Charlie and [Tuhin] I think we are ready to go to Q&A. I would just remind everybody in addition to Jim and Charlie, both Lamberto and Elliott are available to take any questions you might have. Tuhin.
Operator: Thank you, the question and answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator instructions] At this time we will go ahead and take our first question from the line of David Risinger of Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger - Morgan Stanley: Yes, thanks you so very much. Looking ahead, I have a couple of questions. First, with respect to your upcoming analyst meeting on March 4, could you just characterize what type of long term guidance you will be providing, just so we have a framework for what to expect on March 4th and then second, with respect to ipilimumab, Eliott, I was hoping that you would be able to comment on the outlook for the conclusion of the study, obviously it's event driven, but I am just trying to get my head around the notion that, well on the positive it could be that the trial is taking longer to report because ipilimumab may be keeping melanoma patients alive longer, but on the other hand it might also make sense that the study could be held early by the DSMB for ethical reasons, if ipilimumab is substantially outperforming control. So, if you could help frame that for us as well I would appreciate it?
John Elicker: Thanks David, this is John, just a real quick comment on our meeting on March 4. I think, you know, the intent is to provide, both the business and an R&D overview and really at this point, it's not, wouldn’t be appropriate for us to go into any more details than that. Eliott.
Elliott Sigal: Yes, David this is Elliott and the question was on ipilimumab, which, we are excited about, from the date that we presented it last year at ASCO is a very important pioneering effort in immuno oncology and our first application we think could be in melanoma. The trial you referred to is O24, I believe the survival study that is ongoing as first line in advance melanoma and that is on top of Standard of Care. About 503 patients primarily and points to overall survival since it is event-driven to achieve the type of statistical significance, we are hoping to achieve, I can't predict the exactly our latest calculations or on average we may have the information internally in the fall.  It could go into the next year. It could be earlier in the summer, so the average is in the fall. We do have an independent [DSM-V], where the charger is one of the safety. I don’t expect necessarily an early determination. We did feel that we should run the study out and we very clear in characterize the effect of this agent. I will mention however, that we have another survival study and this is in second line and that is maturing earlier and we will present that data I believe at ASCO this June. In addition, we have Phase II study along we should mature in time for that and in March fourth we will outline our thinking about immune oncology and very different and various opportunities in this area in addition to that. Thanks David. To the next question please.
Operator: We will go to our next question from a line of John Boris from Citi.
John Boris - Citi: Thanks for taking the question. My specific question for Lamberto. When we look at all of the changes, Lamberto that have gone on to the U.S. sales force model and in particular on the GP side of the equation. It seems although we are looking at materially flatter launch curves for new product opportunities since -- it may be partly because of more vigilant FDA and formula that seem to be so much difficult, you know unlike most European countries it certainly does seem like the U.S. model is still very attractive model from a pricing standpoint but, you know, is it just a new era that we are in on the commercial model side and how we should would be thinking about product’s launch going forward?
Lamberto Andreotti: Yeah, this is a very good question, and obviously it is a question that we have been asking ourselves on a regular basis. I believe that there is good space for good products for unmet medical need and difference between what we had in the past and what we have now, is probably the speed of the uptake is not where the products can stand and I think that your question is also related to Onglyza and probably it's good that if I make a comment about Onglyza, which is a good example of what we are talking about. I think we should not spend and nobody should spend too much time on the sales of Onglyza in 2009. This was what we could see as the beginning of a long journey that we believe will be successful in a way that is in the line what I was describing before. Slower uptake than what we would have had for similar products in 10 years ago.  There is a still big significant unmet medical need in diabetes. 40% of type 2 diabetes patients are not controlling current therapy and Onglyza has a good efficacy and a good tolerability profile. So, Onglyza and the other DPP-IV can help these patients. You see, despite the overall non-insulin anti-diabetic market remained flat in Q4 versus Q3 and despite this DPP-IV markets grew only modestly at [80%] we believe that the class, DPP-IV class will grow and become a large and meaningful class. So, we had a great product in that class and we are confident that we will deliver results with that product. The remainder, the benefits of the clinical trial program is demonstrative that the benefits of Onglyza are there and in achieving comprehensive glycemic control. So we believe that Onglyza in particular, not to give our DPP-IV in general or Onglyza in particular will play important role as effect add-on to either metformin or SU. Now, we have a number of key indicators that are encouraging, the brand awareness which is now over 65% and when we launched in the U.S., it was zero. And we have made a strategic decision at that moment or until that moment not to pre-market during the regulatory review. So, we are moving, we move from zero band to 65% now. The number of physicians that are trying Onglyza continues to increase week over week and those physicians who have prescribed Onglyza generally continue to prescribe. And one of the key focus area is that we have to increase a number of physicians to try because when they try they continue. And we have made good progress in active reimbursement with over 75% of target and over 40% now in tier 2. So, in a world that is different than the world we knew 20 years ago, we are challenging our clients at all times. We are always identifying new opportunities and we do it in a very flexible and aggressive way with AstraZeneca. New ways to optimize the marketing mix and our goal is to drive awareness, try it, and repeat it. So, going back to your, yeah the DP market in the US is not the same market than we knew, but we believe that when you have a good product like this one, in a good class where the bigger unmet medical needs is a good space for growth and AstraZeneca is totally convincing.
Elliott Sigal: Thank you John, the next question to him please.
Operator: We will go to the line of Tim Anderson form Sanford C. Bernstein.
Tim Anderson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you, a couple of questions for you, with John Marqued's surprise departure, I am wondering if Bristol still plans on sticking with the exact same String of Pearls approach or could we see Bristol change its approach to -- in any way. And on -- if ipilimumab, what I think about how big that drug might be, I mean the initial indication, I kind of come up with may be a mid-sized product I am wondering if you can help us think through, how big you guys think that the drug might be in the melanoma setting. And then quick question on Belatacept what is your confidence level as you progress through regulatory review.
Jim Cornelius: So Tim this is Jim, you know Elliott and I have started this String of Pearls long before I met John Marqued, we will miss him, but we have a guy with a different accent and 25 years of service. So, he generally the rest of our team has committed to the String of Pearls as it were three years ago. You know, we are trying to reconcile with either we need a dozen Pearls or 10, depends on how you count them, more importantly the big ones like Medarex have really helped the overall strategy, so that set of strategic activities continues. Elliot or --Lamberto your comments on the String of Pearls or..
Lamberto Andreotti: My comment on String of Pearls, I can only repeat what you just said, I mean Jean-Marc was one of the team players behind String of Pearls, but that is it and we continue to be very committed and, you know take Medarex that happened because of the interest and the passion a lot of us and I think that you will be and we will be -- what is coming out and what will come out of Medarex. Inspite of you, I think the second question was on ipilimumab. I think ipilimumab is one of these important products that a manager like me would have been working oncology for many years has been dreaming of handling in the marketplace. It is a great product for a very severe disease, we have almost nothing in terms of present standard of care very, very inadequate standard of care. And if pre-clinical results are going to be there, we believe there is a big space of that product in melanoma in different stages of melanoma. And then there are the data that are coming out in lung and in other in prostate and in other solid tumors and so, we are all committed to ipilimumab and you will really have more about ipilimumab when we meet in March and later on.
Jim Cornelius: So Tim, you asked about Belatacept’s regulatory review, we are heavily engaged with the FDA at the same time we are preparing our submission in Europe. We are very active in the regulatory review and preparing for the advisory committee which has been announced to occur on March 1st. We expect the advisory committees for all new molecular entities and the conversation will be on benefit risk as it commonly is. This is a novel immuno-suppressant and we and the FDA both want to make sure that we have characterized both the benefits and the risk adequately and that we are approaching the market in the most appropriate way. So we will be discussing the benefits of what is needed. In this area, our goal is to replace calcineurin inhibitors where possible in order to achieve long term improved renal function graft and patient survival. That’s the major medical need in this area and the CNS’s the standard of care are nephrotoxic and elevate risk factors in cardio vascular disease. We presented our one year data last year in May at the American Transplant Congress. You will no doubt see our two year data at the advisory committee and that will also presented in May at the American Transplant Congress again. We are presenting and advocating as we do with many of our medicines a risk management plan and enhanced pharmaco vigilance to appropriately and responsibly follow in the specialty area. Any risks, the risks of PTLD that we have talked about in the CNS infections will be discussed and their balance against the benefits. In this particular area launching a product in a specialty group, I think lends itself to the new tool of the FDA has and the sponsor can avail themselves of, to ensure appropriate use and the maximum benefit and that is what we intend to layout launch first.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thanks Tim. Next question to him please.
Operator: We now go to Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs: Thank You, Elliott a couple of questions with respect to SPRYCEL, can you can help us to frame the opportunity in first line TMO specifically, just curious to know your thinking on the Gleevec, Gleevec adoption especially patients who are well controlled. And then secondly, wouldn’t [Signa] be the right competitor at this point instead of Gleevec just given the superior results over Gleevec.  So if you could help us to think about that. And then, my other question relate to ONGLYZA. Just curious to know your thoughts on how you think that DPP forecast will grow in the space of a once weekly DLP-1. I think, we are all surprised that how slow this launch has been, just given, how quickly to [moving around] and the size and opportunity for the DPP-IV market. May be, you could talk a bit about how, what you are telling doctors in terms of differentiation from Januvia? Thanks.
Elliott Sigal: Jami, first of all, with the largest price sale, we are excited to be going through our first line data, and first line CMO against Gleevec. Our competitor’s data was just announced at the end of the year. So, I would anticipate if this were positive data that we would go into review around the same time. These trials are somewhat different. I think, since our competitor is suggesting that there can be improvements, on the standard Sprycel by running the study that they ran. This is an important opportunity for patients and for us to present options as Gleevec drawbacks perhaps become more in focus. And I don’t feel that it is purely an opportunity of the new diagnosed patients. It is the opportunity to redefine what is developing resistance or inadequate treatment till to Gleevec and that is the reason we included in our studies, both complete side of genetic response head to head with Gleevec for which we have so much experience and therefore, is the only approved treatment and therefore the only approved and reasonable competitor right now and why we also took advantage of looking the major molecular response and when we see the data and we will present the data at ASCO this year, I think people will get excited about the evolving treatment in this area and there may be one or two new opportunities against Gleevec.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yeah, I am Lamberto, Jami and I am continuing on Sprycel. The way we see it is that obviously Gleevec is a well established product, but still there is more than it can be delivered in terms of efficacy also there and therefore in the last season, sales of Signa and we, with Sprycel believe that there is a space not only to compete with Gleevec but to displace it. What we don’t have that comparison with Signa what we see is that in the indications that we both have now, we especially in the US we are doing much better than Signa in which the ratio of us to them is 2 to 1 and, my understanding is this Signa is more and more a third line product, after failure of Gleevec and failure of Sprycel. Now first line data that they have announced need to be analyzed. We will have our own first line data. We would know that direct comparison but I think that we will be able to position Sprycel for what it is, a very effective drug, we have an important role and any easy use of administration once a day and without any foods. So, there is a good space for Sprycel also in first line if the data we will see and we will make public and confirm what we expect. As far as the Onglyza positioning, we are not against Januvia. We were not trying to get patients out of Januvia. Our goal is to establish a good product with a great profile in both efficacy and safety.  I repeat both safety and efficacy in the marketplace and, you know we can say Januvia has done a good job so far in establishing in the DPP-IV class, but we can do a good job too in establishing that class more. When we speak to doctors, we don’t speak about Januvia, we speak about glycemia control, safety and, I think that we think we talk to them about their understanding that metformin and I feel, I am not always with the possible single solution to the progress of diabetes.  And I concur with that Jami, I will say that one of the big drivers in the long term value will be the growth of the DPP-IV category in general and we will have to see how that evolves. We remained very confident in that growth, with regard to clinical data flow on Onglyza this year, as you know late in ‘09, we did submit our fixed dose combination for the first once-a-day DPP-IV metformin combination and we need to hear from the FDA with regard to the producer date and acceptance to the filing. But this is an opportunity if it were to be a 10-month review for a launch of this first in kind product by the end of the year. We are also planning an European submission for the fixed dose combination and we have several studies being put out this year, we will have a publication of head-to-head data with Januvia that was announced last year. Hopefully sometime this year and at the ADA we will have more safety data than renal impaired patients and importantly, head-to-head against sulfonylurea on top of metformin. So it's going to be another exciting year I think, for Onglyza.
Elliott Sigal: Thanks Jami. The next question please to him. We will now have Stephen Scala from Cowen.
Stephen Scala - Cowen: Oh, thank you, may I ask Lamberto, how do you view IXEMPRA as a potential competitor to Orencia, now that we have a IXEMPRA's label, sourcing profile and its price? And secondly, two question on filings for Dr. Sigal. First, your outlook for DBT filing for Apixaban in the U.S., is that likely or unlikely? And also, the latest status of discussions with regulators on seven. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti: Let us take that every time the competitor come into the market, we get ready for it. But obviously, we can understand the size and importance of that competitor only when we see the label that they get. And, as you know, the bill product was approved on January. In January, only for use only after T&F failure and include their ranks and from what I understand they also have a black box we have on the risk of serious infections, so, there is competition obviously coming from IXEMPRA in our second and later line businesses, where we have market share, but we have a profile. We have got ORENCIA, a profile of safety, and long term sustained efficacy of 7 years whereas, the data published at [inaudible] last spring, that positioned well ORENCIA. So, serious competitor, but having seen there label and having seen their positioning, I think that we are very confident that ORENCIA can continue to do well in the market for all rheumatoid arthritis.
Elliott Sigal: Yeah, Mr. Scala, this is Elliott, with regard to the OASIS 7 trial of the cult to enter the high dose trial for Plavix. We are still in discussions with the FDA and with our partner. I don’t have any particular news on that with regard to Apixaban and DVT, we will be submitting in Europe, our applications sometime in the first half. We are planning discussions with the US with regard to the data that we have on advance 1, 2, and 3 in preventing clots and complications with DVT. We may have more of the updates to on March 4 on the overall plans for Apixaban and other programs. Great. Thanks, Steve. Can we get a next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Seamus Fernandez from Leerink Swann.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann: Thanks very much, just a few questions, primarily questions for Elliott and then some for Lamberto. On Apixaban, just as it relates the trial design, Elliott can you give us your views on, if you see any design advantages over Rivaroxaban, there were clear differences in the choices made between the risks of the patients in your study versus the choice made with the potential competitor, and you chose the broad range of tabs for core patients. And I am just wondering, what you think that might mean relative to leading versus the accumulation of events and if there is any new information along those lines that could help inform our views on that specifically.  And then separately, we did get the specific revenue numbers and have seen the prescription uptake, your comments on Onglyza, if we were to extend them to your competitor Efient would suggest, Lamberto that perhaps we should envision better uptake for Efient in 2010. Is that something that you envision in your guidance and if not, or in your thoughts for the products and if not what feedback are you getting from interventionist with regard to that competitive landscape and then what feedback are you getting from manage care? Thanks.
Elliott Sigal: Yes, first of all this is Elliot on Apixaban, your reference to the atrial fibrillation studies and, I remind you that we are doing two of those, and one is unique for our program [averose] which is a 5,600 patient study for patients that are unable to take warfarin and who are currently treated with aspirin. That will be a superiority study and we may have the results late this year or early next year on that study about 50% of patients with atrial fibrillation are not able or not prescribed for other reasons any anticoagulant. And 20% of these drugs come from this patient population so we thought this was an important area of unmet medical need. Now you reference our choice of patient selection, in Aristotle which is a broader study for head-to-head with warfrin. It will be about 18,000 thousand patients, and yes we did choose compared to Rivaroxaban study design, a broader patient population because we felt our label would be best served and the patients would be best served if we had experience in a whole range of risk type of patients. So, that was our major thinking. Our -- of course is different to go after a benefit-risk profile that we think will answer the market needs for the most number of patients. That is basically all I can say at this point till we see the data from the different studies unfold over the next year or so.
Lamberto Andreotti: And as far as Plavix and Efient are concerned, I would not change my opinion on that again and I think that the story of Efient and Onglyza are totally different stories, totally different marketplaces and above all totally different profiles. As far as PLAVIX is concerned, we continue to be pleased with growth in all its indications. There is the additional, important information that we got from the current study that indicates that patients that undergo PCI have reduced vein thrombosis and reduced major CB events of basis and another piece of information that is most important in the marketplace is a small part of our total marketplace where Efient is trying to compete with us, so totally different stories. We are very upbeat about Plavix and we continue to work diligently behind it.
Elliott Sigal: Thanks Jamis. Tony, I think there is time for only two or three more questions. Our next question comes from Tony Butler from Barclays Capital
Tony Butler - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much. I am actually following up on a question that I am not clear was addressed to Jami Rubin asked and that was around the DPP force versus the GLP1s and if he did address this -- pleased to give me but how do you think about a weekly GLP1 and I’ve realized this is not in market maybe today. How do you think about a weekly GLP1 versus an oral DPP4, given the HPA1C reductions favor the injectable and secondly what do you think about that how would you think about re-marketing or pushing on Onglyza even further. Thanks very much.
Elliott Sigal: Well, we will have to see how -- what becomes to the market, what the weekly goes in safety profile looks like against the efficacy. I do think there is definite place for the GLP1s although they are injectable for because of the weight loss that you see and the degree of A1C lowing but I think the both approaches to the DPP4 is very critical and the combinations that are going to evolve with saxagliptin, Onglyza, because of its low mass and its high potency. I think, it still offers significant opportunity, but we going to have to see how this unfolds and we are following that issue note.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yeah, and again obviously the GLP1 will have a role but our focus is more on the overall products and possibility of combining adding on our products saxagliptin, especially to metformin. There is data that we come out in June, I believe Elliott, there is still a few on topo metformin and if that data is interesting, there is more that we can do, behind ONGLYZA in a line with what I was mentioning before, I explained before. 
Operator: We will go to the next question from the line of Catherine Arnold, from Credit Suisse.
Catherine Arnold - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much, I have three quick product questions. I just wanted to close the discussion with a number in terms of the share. You are guys are experiencing a TNF failures associated with treatment. I give in your label to get us update us on that and then Elliott you had had some of the differences in the Gleevec personal trial versus Signa versus Sprycel, but I wanted, is there you could-- do you get in terms of those escalation protocol for Gleevec in your study versus perhaps what showed and than, I will take this to you now, and I will come back with the third thing.
Elliott Sigal: Well let me start with the Sprycel trial we allowed, dose escalation of either agent according to the physician and the clinical need, we now believe, you are referring into the fact that the escalation was not there in that Signa head to head. They did do two doses of Signa, we did one dose of Sprycel. To me the most important aspect of the trial is the difference in the primary end points and the Signa trial used major molecular response and we use complete side of cytogenetic response. We had a secondary endpoint for major molecular had a genetic response that is secondary end point for major molecular and they had a secondary end point for complete cytogenetic, so there may be some discussion on the different interpretations across studies and regulatory impact to that. But I will have to see when we see our large data and we will go to hopefully be presenting this at ASCO in June. Catherine, I am not sure I have the exact data so John will correct me later, if what I am going to say is not correct, but I believe that in the new patient, the patients on therapy, new to brands, overall we have aspiration renegade 51% and we have the 49% and our position is obviously much stronger in second and third line and I apologize I don’t have the data in front of me. But I know that in first line, we have increased our share and we are now at 25% I believe, versus 75% of Remicade in patient in play. So, good progression in second and third line and some progress, good progress also in first line and you remember our objective is to be the I.V. product of choice in R.A. So, we are -- so if I could just add, Catherine we are pleased over the market response and our data that we updated the label for in terms of first line and the safety profile and durability that is getting reported back and I think all of these is impacting the uptake of ORENCIA the big leadership ORENCIA that we could deliver although we are still awaiting some of the efficacy data is subcutaneous ORENCIA and we will have potential U.S. submission for the subQ version this year in Europe we are working hard to expand our label to be more like the U.S. label.
Elliott Sigal: Thanks, we must have missed the last part of your question. May be you can give me a call we can follow on that but to end up we are going to the last question please.
Operator: We will go to the last question from the line of Chris Schott from JP Morgan.
Chris Schott - JPMorgan: Great thanks I start your questions. First one to Plavix in Europe just update whatever share you are seeing now for the generics in key market say I guess particularly France, Germany, and the U.K. and then you are anticipating significant step downs in quarterly equity income relatively to 4Q levels as we move through 2010 and from just coming back to the String of Pearls, I know you have talked in the past about doing a lot of transactions that helped to build your pipeline by 2012. I guess the big growing cash balance in the company and as we are inching closer to 2012 does that inherently imply a shift to more later stage in terms of larger deals, like we saw with Medarex last year. Thanks.
Charlie Bancroft: Okay thank you this is Charlie I was getting lonely. I didn’t think I was going to get a question. So let me handle the Plavix in EU. We have seen as I mentioned in my comment significant share [version] in the U.K. in pricing the 80 to 85% range and in France, which is our biggest market overseas we have seen share and price decline from 55% to 65% range and where we co promote with Sanofi in what we call territory 'A' we will record our share of the profits and net income in affiliates in our P/L and that numbers you saw on the fourth quarter has gone down 27% matter of fact and as the impact we continue to say on the business for continuing road that line quarter over quarter. And about how to use the $10 billion in our bank and the future of our Single dose ’s program, we will continue to use our money in a very focused and disciplined way, our priority in using our cash is for sure, in business development and we are focused on two types of deals.  Deals that can build our late stage pipeline in 2011, 2012 and deals that can be accreted in 2012, 2013 to go after the loss of [feasibility] of Plavix and Avapro. Obviously, we also consider other options for the use of cash flows, our focus now is on business development and when we look at companies and products as part of our single dose program, we think what we have done [inaudible] Medarex.  We are looking for similar opportunity. We are studying and assessing a large of number opportunities. We look at small molecules and we look at biologic products in areas that are aligned with our key strategic areas. So, the idea is continuing to be small and mid-price acquisitions that either fit or complement our current portfolio or products that we have in the market or in development.
Elliott Sigal: So, thanks everybody for your questions and attention on the call. I will turn it over to Jim for some closing comments.
James Cornelius: Yeah, I will make these very brief [Paul]. In the way I started here in 2010 we were a 100% Bio-pharma started here in 2010 we are a 100% Bio-Pharma. And what that means very focused, very lean. Our portfolio products were not given up on Plavix it will be a substantial contributor to us until that patent expires in the US in the future, but we do have a very and more balanced portfolio going forward than we had 3 years ago.  No more comments on financial flexibility we are committed to cash dividends, aggressive look for the Pearls, and then let me close with just a short story. My colleagues around the table and myself participated with the top 200 global executives right here in New Jersey last week. And I can guarantee you, this is an impressive group, their understanding commitment to the company is outstanding and we intend to meet all the commitments that we make going forward. Thank you for your attention.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker - VP of IR Jim Cornelius - Chairman and CEO Jean-Marc Huet - EVP and CFO Lamberto Andreotti - President and COO Elliott Sigal - CSO
Analysts: John Boris - Citi Tony Butler - Barclays Capital Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs David Risinger - Morgan Stanley Steve Scala - Cowen Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann Keyur Parekh - UBS. Chris Schott - JPMorgan Tim Anderson - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb third quarter 2009 earnings release teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead Mr. Elicker.
John Elicker: Thanks, Tony, and good morning everybody. Thank you for joining us to review our Q3 results. With me this morning are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jean-Marc Huet, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Both Jim and Jean-Marc will have prepared remarks. Also joining us are Lamberto Andreotti, President and Elliott Sigal, Chief Scientific Officer will be available for Q&A. So, before we get started, let me cover the legal requirement. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects, including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research pipeline, concerning product development and product potential. These constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the private securities litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, periodic reports on 10-Q and current reports on form 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers Squibb website or from Bristol-Myers Squibb Investor Relations. In addition any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Jim?
Jim Cornelius: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter clearly shows how we are transforming Bristol-Myers Squibb into a BioPharma leader. As you know, we unveiled the BioPharma vision for the first time in December of 2007. Since then, we have consistently delivered outstanding financial performance through a combination of marketplace execution and productivity initiative. We are mainly focused on biopharmaceuticals and we're building our Mead Johnson Nutrition Global business as well as a separate 83% owned affiliate. Finally, we are discovering, developing and delivering innovative new medicines led by the efforts of our R&D and commercial organizations. On the top end bottom-line, we are driving solid financial performance. Our BioPharma revenues grew 6% globally led by an impressive 12% sales growth in the U.S. business.  Our brands face new and expanded competition and we are successfully meeting the marketplace challenges. For example, PLAVIX grew 9% globally, ex-Foreign exchange, despite the launch of Lilly's Efient. BARACLUDE was up 37% ex-FX and ORENCIA up 38% on the same basis in very competitive markets in both Hepatitis B and rheumatoid arthritis, respectively. REYATAZ had a 9% growth worldwide ex-Forex and remains the protease inhibitor of choice even with increasing competition. While growing revenue, we also focused on gaining cost efficiencies through continuous improvement. You can see the results of these efforts in our BioPharma gross margin improvement of a 170 basis points. At the bottomline is our non-GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations grew 16% versus last year. Reflecting the strength of our business performance, we are refining our 2009 non-GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations guidance to the range of $2 to $2.05, which is at the high-end of our previous guidance. Our net cash position at September 30th was $1.3 billion and that's after taking into account the $2.1 billion net impact of our important Medarex acquisition, the latest in the String of Pearls. Also today, Mead Johnson announced it's considering options to refinance its intercompany debt, which could result in $1.75 billion payment to us, upon closing of that refinancing. Our financial strength and strong cash flows provide us the flexibility to execute the String of Pearls strategy, and we will continue to aggressively pursue acquisitions, licensing deals and other partnerships. With our decisions over the past few years, we've increased the focus on our BioPharma business, that is bringing innovative medicines to patients. Our latest launch is ONGLYZA for the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes. Diabetes is an emerging global epidemic. We've collaborated quite well with our colleagues at AstraZeneca on ONGLYZA and we are optimistic about its potential. We have launched in the U.S., Mexico, United Kingdom and Germany and are moving quickly to launch in additional markets worldwide. We've also recently announced the FDA's acceptance of our biologics licensing investigation for belatacept. The investigational compound designed to help prevent rejection of transplanted kidneys. In addition, we presented the first Phase III data for dapagliflozin, a novel medicine for the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes. Research and development at Bristol-Myers continues to be very productive and is preparing our company for leadership in a number of areas of unmet medical need. Through consistently strong operational results, disciplined financial management, advancement of a robust pipeline and continued focus on strategic execution, we are making excellent progress, as I said earlier in our transformation to our next generation BioPharma leader. Now to give additional color on our third quarter performance, our Chief Financial Officer, Jean-Marc Huet.
Jean-Marc Huet: Thank you very much, Jim. I will review our Q3 results and our 2009 guidance before we go to your questions. In summary, our third quarter performance was strong. GAAP EPS increased 66% versus the same period last year and our non-GAAP EPS was up 16% versus Q3, 2008. Solid operational performance reflected in sales growth in our BioPharma business along with continued focus on expense management resulted in yet another strong quarter for Bristol-Myers. Let me turn to revenues. The company posted Q3, 2009 net sales from continuing operations of around $5.5 billion, which represents an increase of 4% or 7%, excluding foreign exchange impact compared to last year. Mead Johnson's net sales were just shy of $700 million in Q3, representing a 6% decrease or a 2% decrease ex-FX compared to prior year. Now let me just focus specifically on our BioPharma business. Our BioPharma sales were up 6% in Q3 or 9% ex-FX. Our U.S. sales grew 12% to $3 billion compared to last year and internationally our net sales decreased 2%, but increased an important 5% when you exclude the impact of foreign exchange. Foreign exchange negatively impacted our BioPharma Q3 net sales by approximately three percentage points. We had a positive 5% impact from price, and again and importantly a positive 4% increase in volume. So in summary when it comes to topline, our underlying business is strong and we've had consistent sales growth this year. Let me walk you through some of the highlights. Firstly, turning to cardiovascular. On a global basis, PLAVIX sales were up 9%, excluding foreign exchange. In the U.S., our Q3 net sales for PLAVIX were up 11% versus last year. The increase is driven by price increases but again, also importantly volume gains. To date, [Efient] had minimal impact on PLAVIX sales. Turning to Europe, generic clopidogrel is commercialized in six EU markets; Germany, U.K., Denmark, Netherlands, Belgium and France. We do anticipate generic launches in Italy, Greece, Portugal, Norway and Sweden between now and mid next year. Turning to neuroscience, in the quarter ABILIFY worldwide sales ex-FX were up 18% versus prior year. About two-thirds of our sales growth in the U.S. comes from indications for bipolar and major depressive disorder. Our strong clinical program for ABILIFY has led to the broadest set of indications for any atypical. As part of the extension agreement we signed earlier in the year with Otsuka, reported alliance revenue is lower by $16 million in this quarter and that reflects the amortization of the $400 million upfront payment that we made to Otsuka earlier this year. Turning to our virology franchise. The virology portfolio had global sales growth of 12% excluding foreign exchange when you compare it to last year. This was led by BARACLUDE at plus 37%, the Sustiva franchise plus 11% and REYATAZ which posted sales growth of 9%. A very steady growth in the face of competition from the new protease inhibitors launched this year. Nearly seven out of 10 new treatment patients are prescribed either Sustiva or REYATAZ as part of their initial antiretroviral regimen. BARACLUDE global sales were just shy of $200 million at $191 million in the quarter and BARACLUDE has market leadership in the EU, China and Japan.  Turning to immunology, ORENCIA sales were at $160 million, plus 38% ex-FX. In the U.S., ORENCIA grew with 30% driven by continued execution as well as favorable market conditions.  Important new data were presented just this week at the American College of Rheumatology meeting, the agreed study suggests ORENCIA can be used earlier in rheumatoid arthritis patients who are new to biologics. We also for the first time released Phase III data showing the potential for subcutaneous administration of ORENCIA. Turning to oncology, ERBITUX sales in the U.S. were at $175 million, down 4% versus prior year, but up 2% since Q2. ERBITUX sales in colorectal cancer have begun to stabilize, despite a decline in the overall colorectal cancer marketplace. Total head and neck market growth has been flat versus prior year, as well as prior quarter. Turning to SPRYCEL, global sales were at $107 million, up nearly 40% versus prior year if you exclude foreign exchange. Turning to Metabolics, ONGLYZA was approved in the U.S. in July as you know and in Europe in October. We, along with our good partners at AstraZeneca, have launched in the U.S. and also in Mexico, the U.K., and Germany and look to launch in a number of additional key markets in the near future.  We recorded $20 million of sales in the third quarter for ONGLYZA. We have made good progress in our launch to-date and positive signs include improved access and reimbursement globally, a rapid increase in brand awareness by physicians and positive trends in physicians' intent to prescribe the drug. Let me go back now to the P&L and let me also specifically comment on our P&L focusing in on our BioPharma business. If you look at gross margins, we realized a 170 basis point increase in gross margins compared to the same period last year. The key drivers were multifold. One, prices; two, cost savings; three, favorable FX as well as product mix. When you look at our pretax earnings for the BioPharma business, they were up 19% and the increase was driven by sales, gross margins as well as the reduction in marketing, selling and administrative expenses. For the quarter, we reduced our BioPharma SG&A as a percentage of sales by 3.4% from 28.2% a year ago to just south of 25% in Q3, 2009. This figure has steadily decreased since the first quarter of 2008, when BioPharma SG&A as a percentage of sales was just under 30%. Turning to R&D. BioPharma R&D expenses did increased by 5% to $820 million. However, as a percentage of sales, this was flat at 17.1% for the quarter, compared to 17.3% this time last year. This was accomplished even with adding expenses from three pearls versus the same period last year. Turning to taxes, our overall company non-GAAP tax rate on earnings from continuing operations was at 24.4% for Q3, compared to 25.3% in 2008. Let me now turn to cash in our balance sheet. We continue to drive and focus on cash flow, and our employees have fully embraced this philosophy. We currently have $7.9 billion of cash as per the end of September this year and that includes cash, cash equivalents as well as marketable securities. This supports the financial flexibility we need to invest in our existing business, as well as potential business development activities to improve the earnings profile of the company in our important Stage II as well as Stage III. Even after the $2.1 billion net impact of the Medarex acquisition that we just completed, we still have a net cash position of $1.3 billion at the end of the quarter. Based on Mead Johnson's announcement today that it is considering options to refinance its outstanding into company debt, we expect to receive approximately $1.75 billion in U.S. cash upon closing of this potential transaction. Also, in the quarter, we announced two strategic divestitures in Indonesia and in Australia for a combined $372 million in cash. This cash we expect to receive in the fourth quarter. We have excellent operating cash flows and continue to make progress on our working capital initiatives, which we announced to the outside world in Q3 of last year. This has helped drive our positive net cash position. Our net trade receivables, inventories and accounts payables, as a percentage of net sales was at 11.2% in Q3 of this year. This compares to just under 13% at the beginning of the year, so good improvement through the last three quarters. Let me now turn to guidance. We are updating our 2009 non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations guidance range from $1.95 to $2.05 to $2 to $2.05. We are raising our 2009 GAAP EPS guidance from $1.58 to $1.68 to the new range of $1.72 to $1.77. We are pleased in summary with our operating performance to date and expect 2009 full year EPS to be near the high-end of the originally stated guidance. A couple of things just to keep in mind for the fourth quarter. There is the impact for the full quarter that takes place from the Medarex acquisition. Secondly, please take note of the fact that we will start to be impacted by the increased generic competition for PLAVIX in the EU and this will continue to erode in our equity and net income from affluences line in Q4 and further into 2010. We do reaffirm our guidance that non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations is expected to grow at a minimum of 15% compound annually from 2007 until 2010, i.e., next year without rebasing for ConvaTec. We are maintaining this long-term guidance, not withstanding the dilution from the very important ABILIFY extension, the dilution from the Medarex acquisition, which as we disclosed would be between $0.07 to $0.09 next year as well as the generic competition for PLAVIX in Europe which I just mentioned. In closing, as has been the case with our past several quarters, our third quarter performance was solid by any measure. Strong sales growth with improved gross and pretax margins resulted in a 16% increase in non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations. Across our organization, we are accelerating our transition into a next generation BioPharma leader. Thank you very much and we're happy to take questions.
John Elicker: Thanks, Jean-Marc and thanks, Jim. Tony, I think we're ready to go ahead for questions if we could go ahead and start.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go first to John Boris at Citi.
John Boris - Citi: Jim, first question just has to do with 2013 and beyond and how you're thinking about the growth profile of the company. Operationally, the company is running very well. A lot of pipeline visibility is obviously picking up and then you obviously have a lot of cash to be able to deploy towards pearls. So relative to the growth profile in '13, which we'd anticipate you'll probably share some of that with us in December. How you're thinking about that? Then also on the Pearl side, just the size of Pearls, I think you've outlined somewhat of a limit on the size of Pearls, but how you're thinking about maybe larger Pearls going forward versus smaller Pearls and being able to enhance that growth profile. And just one question for Jean-Marc on working capital. Kudos on the improvement, but can you help us understand where you'd like to take inventories going forward and how much cash you might see that unleash going forward?
Jim Cornelius: Well, John, let me start on a very complicated issue. First of all, we do think about what we call stage two quite a bit. So, not 100% of our efforts are devoted to this outstanding short-term performance but the ABILIFY contract extension, for example, where we changed the cliff into a platform for growth would be an example of how we're thinking about stabilizing stage two. You paid us a compliment by saying we're getting increased visibility on our pipeline. We feel very good about the clinical data that's been released this year. We will have more to say, probably on December 2nd about the longer term stage two and stage three. On pearls, big or large, they need to be shiny. And what I mean by that is they need to fit, what our disease strategy teams tell us that they need. So, I am going to turn that to Elliott to add a little color on the String of Pearls.
Elliott Sigal: Well, John, as we've said before, the primary focus of our String of Pearls strategy is to look at deals that are accretive in the 2012, 2013 time period and not detrimental to grow past 2013 as well as deals that build our late-stage pipeline in several key disease areas by 2012. Our priority focus is to migrate into cardiology adjacencies, as you've seen, build our Alzheimer's portfolio, expand immuno-science and increase the strength of our HIV franchise. Our secondary focus is to expand Hematologic Malignancies and build solid tumor capabilities. I believe, we've been successful to date and we'll be reiterating the strategy December 2nd, and the focus is on building the platform in Stage II and increasing the slope of what we see as growth in Stage III.
Jim Cornelius: And just in terms of working capital, a couple points. Firstly, we've really have built a culture which is focused on cash flow and that is a real prerequisite to drive cash flow into specifically working capital. And so, I think we are very well positioned for further improvements from where we are today. The second one, it's very much the approach we have also around productivity, as we will try and improve on a continuous basis. So, rather than just give a new target, we will just continuously improve year upon year. I guess the third point as you mentioned inventories, but, I'd just like to expand the point. We have receivables, inventories, payables. We also actually are very much focused on CapEx, but those four drivers are cash flow, ones that we are all pushing with the same type of rigor. We do also need to be careful on inventory levels, and while there's more that we can do within the organization, we also are very much focused on maintaining the appropriate service levels. So, we're doing this all in a rigorous and in a continuous manner, but I'm very happy with the fact that our culture has embraced the drive to cash flow.
Operator: We'll go next to Tony Butler of Barclays Capital.
Tony Butler - Barclays Capital: Jean-Marc, a question for you, and two for Elliott. There has been a launch of several generic compatible compounds in Europe. I'm curious if that actually has occurred at a time that was earlier than you expected or is this congruent with your expectations and more importantly, how should we think about that joint venture and equity income line? For Elliott, when you think about Belatacept, you obviously were great in following the compound, but are you puzzled as to why the FDA would not give you an accelerated review and I am curious of comments you may have around that? Then secondly, with AVERROES and ARISTOTLE to complete in theory next year, is there any change in the timing of when those might complete and/or the thoughts between you and your partner on how that clinical trial should it be changed with respect to endpoints? 
Lamberto Andreotti: Tony, this is Lamberto. I will start on clopidogrel in Europe and then Jean-Marc may add something. It is clear that we were expecting generic competition of this size in Europe later. And it is clear that we have taken all measures that are necessary as much as we can offset the consequences of this generic, multiple generic launch in Europe. The PLAVIX franchise in Europe between us and Sanofi was well above $2 billion last year. And as Marc was reminding all of us, most of our share of that franchise is booked in through the line of income from minority or whatever it's called. It's not we don't book the top line, okay? This will obviously become noticeable in Q4 and in 2010. Now having said that, we have a positive unplanned event that will allow us to look at the future in the world of cardiovascular metabolics in different way and this is the earlier launch than ONGLYZA in Europe. For sure, in our initial plan ONGLYZA wasn't for a launch in September 2009. It was at least one year later than that. So, this is very important because not only we had the contribution of ONGLYZA to our P&L, but we have transitioned our cardiovascular structures from PLAVIX to ONGLYZA. So in summary a positive news from ONGLYZA, offsetting in the longer term the consequences of these earlier than expected launch of PLAVIX.
Jean-Marc Huet : Just to add on very briefly to Lamberto's comments, we do a whole variety of internal scenario planning and have taken that into account and its generic erosion, when speaking about our 15% guidance, which includes next year 2010. But this is again, like Lamberto said, a line item in the profit and loss statement that we will need to focus more upon in the next quarters and will decline.
Elliott Sigal: This is Elliot, you asked a question with regard to Belatacept filing, as well as an update on apixaban, particularly in atrial fibrillation. We now have the FDA accepting our BLA for the filing and review, and our PDUFA date is May 1st and I'm pleased with that. The assignment of a standard review recognizes, in my view, the complexity of the Phase III data for Belatacept, one of the first agents in a long time to undergo review in this area, as well as the complexity of the BLA filing itself. As the data has shown, there are clear advantages, and yes there are challenges associated with Belatacept. We're very comfortable with the standard review and I think it allows the FDA and sponsor enough time to fully assess appropriately the BLA. So I think this is a good sign in general for the drug and I don't interpret it any other way. With regard to apixaban, certainly the European Society of Cardiology was very exciting in the area of anticoagulation and we now have even stronger belief that WARFARIN can be unseeded because of the negative aspects of warfarin and probably because there's more anticoagulation to achieve efficacy by new mechanisms. So we are very excited about that and very comfortable with our program that's extensive for apixaban. You mentioned about any changes, certainly we are now more confident that we might be able to achieve superiority in certain subsets of patients, perhaps and that we always evaluate the clinical programs and interact with the FDA to make sure that we can extract as much value from the program which as you said, includes two important studies. One uses warfarin as a competitor, the other uses aspirin in those patients who can't tolerate or are considered ineligible for warfarin. So we will have these studies completely enrolled soon, and we look forward to this field unfolding.
Operator: Yes, we'll go next to Jami Rubin at Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs: This is the question for you, Jim. I'm sure you've noticed how well Mead Johnson has done since the partial IPO, just curious to know how and when you plan to monetize your Mead Johnson stake. I believe that the last time you referenced this Mead Johnson was trading $30 and you said you need to wait about 18 months or so to make a decision about a split off or spin off. But given that the stocks now at $42 based on our math, those strategies would actually yield an accretive impact to your earnings. So I'm wondering if you could just talk about what the options are looking like now and how you're going to assess those options? Thanks.
Jim Cornelius: Well, I read your report and it's very helpful in thinking through the many alternatives we have for Mead Johnson. I think we've all been pleasantly surprised at how quickly it's gone up to $42 from its initial IPO. You do the math, that's over $8 billion of value embedded in Bristol-Myers Squibb. We own 83% of it. I think we're very pleased they announced their results this morning and outlook for the fourth quarter next year, I think are okay. We'll continue to look at the strategic options much like we look at all of our strategic options. So couldn't be more pleased with the stock price, with the performance of the management, the most senior management now in Chicago and this new Board of Directors with four independent directors, the separation has gone without a hitch. And we're in really good shape as we approach year-end. As Jean-Marc pointed out, we're anticipating if they're successful in refinancing intercompany debt of a significant cash payment to us for their intercompany debt, which is $1.75 billion.
Operator: Next to David Risinger of Morgan Stanley.
David Risinger - Morgan Stanley: I just have a couple questions. First, Jean-Marc if you could just tell the FX impacts on EPS? And then second, maybe a couple of you could just address SPRYCEL. Obviously you've delivered strong year-over-year growth for SPRYCEL. Could you talk about the sales outlook for that product? And also your development program to expand the label, particularly relative to Tasigna's development plans? 
Jean-Marc Huet: The bottom-line impact of FX was a negative, approximately $0.03 or so. That's specific answer to your question, but maybe I can just also take the opportunity to just talk about our gross margin because obviously FX is a driver within gross margin, but I think what makes us happy with the gross margin increases that we've posted in Q3 is that they're coming from product mix, they're coming from pricing, they're coming from savings that are taking place through our manufacturing rationalization. They are also being helped by Mead Johnson's increased gross margin as well as foreign exchange. So it's a driver, but not there are many drivers to our gross margin improvements, but to give you a specific answer to your question, the impact on the bottom line is approximately $0.03.
Lamberto Andreotti: So, speaking of price, while you've seen the results, growth of sales in the U.S. of 33% versus previous year and international sales up 30% net of tax versus previous year. So, this is a consistent quarter-after-quarter growth. We will not change our strategy. We are supporting SPRYCEL as the preferred treatment option in second line CML. Our job in the U.S. and EU is to instill urgency among prescribers, among physicians to identify and treat people that are resistant to GLEEVEC and switch back to SPRYCEL and we've been successful so far. If I look at our performance versus the performance of Tasigna, and I focus on the U.S. for now. Well, in relative to SPRYCEL a fewer doctors have prescribed Tasigna. Approximately 50% of use of Tasigna is in the third line following SPRYCEL. So we have quite a different performance, quite a different profile for our products. That makes us confident that if we hit a first line indication for our product, we will be very competitive there too against Tasigna. Elliott, do you want to add something on clinical trial. 
Elliott Sigal: Yes, Lamberto. David, you asked about our life cycle programs, so we're intently focused on a couple different arms of developing SPRYCEL further. First of all it has, unlike GLEEVEC, the SARC activity. So we are well underway in exploiting the opportunities in solid tumors such as in prostate cancer, which is in Phase III, and breast cancer with the focus on estrogen receptor positive disease in Phase II.  The next significant potential event as you referred to, is unmasking early next year the data for our first-line study, head-to-head with GLEEVEC. In many ways, similar to the study that was announced in a press release, but not scientifically discussed yet, on Tasigna versus GLEEVEC. Those studies are similar with, I think, an important difference in the primary endpoint. And the primary endpoint in our first line study versus GLEEVEC is confirmed complete cytogenetic response. And we took extra time to work out with the regulatory authorities that this would be acceptable for submission in both the U.S. and in Europe.  In fact, the European guidance recommends against the type of primary endpoint I have seen our competitors use. So we need to see the full data of both studies, not just the primary endpoint conclusions, but the safety profile for reasons that Lamberto mentioned is different in both drugs and perhaps more favorable with SPRYCEL. In that Tasigna has a black box for cardiovascular potential complications. So this is a very exciting area. The positive results that are mentioned so far give me more confidence that we could be looking at a positive study, relatively soon, a well-designed study with interaction with regulatory authorities.
Operator: Next from Steve Scala at Cowen.
Steve Scala - Cowen: I have three brief questions. First, what dollar and unit share do a PLAVIX generic have in the EU? And then two for Dr. Sigal, first, on OASIS 7, do you plan to file the data, and if so what would be the objective with respect to labeling? And then lastly on apixaban is the ADVANCE-3 data in-house and if so, what are your filing plans in the U.S. and EU for DBT?
Lamberto Andreotti: I will start with the PLAVIX EU. The latest data I've seen, were indicating that by the end of September, clopidogrel besylate, the generic clopidogrel in Germany at approximately 45% on market share in units. And we have seen -- but in other countries generic competition is now pricing their product at 40% of where PLAVIX is. I think this is the French price that has been recently established.
Elliott Sigal: So, Steve, with regard to OASIS, are also called the current trial on PLAVIX, where we did the high-loading dose or as it's also been called the double dose clopidogrel study, which have some very -- I think important medical information that confirms medical practice and decreases any contrast with an alternative agent, prasugrel on efficacy by this higher-loading dose. I think this is important information for physicians. Since this was independently run trial on the outside, we are still in the process of the usual procedures of going through the database, going through the data. We do plan as an alliance to talk to the FDA. The goal for the labeling would be to put to 600 milligram loading dose and associated data, which I think is significant with regard to the practice of medicine in the choices that people should have with PLAVIX. With regard to apixaban, ADVANCE-3 will be the third orthopedic setting that we have tested apixaban to prevent clots in the legs. We do not have those results. I have not seen those results yet, but they will be relatively soon. As you know we hope to have a Late-Breaker at the American Society of Hematology on these results and when we look at the results of all three studies, we will make a decision with regard to A, filing in Europe and B, whether we consider filing in the U.S. But I don't have any more news at this time.
Operator:  Next is Seamus Fernandez at Leerink Swann.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann: Couple of things. Can you update us on ORENCIA and the timing of when you expect to file and have final data for the subcutaneous formulation of ORENCIA and whether or not that dosing is once weekly or every other week dosing? Separately in terms of launch expectations, particularly for Belatacept, as it perhaps comes to market next year, how would you characterize your expectations for the launch, given the conservatism of transplant positions in that space?
Jim Cornelius:  Seamus, with regard to ORENCIA SubQ, we were excited to present the safety data part of the program from the subcutaneous formulation at pivotal trial recently at the American College of Rheumatology. These data do show that weekly SubQ abatacept results in low immunogenicity after repeat dosing and is well tolerated. So, that's step one. Step two is the efficacy data. We'll get that early next year. We've done a very comprehensive trial so that we can extend the information we have on SubQ to make it relevant to everyone of the indications we have for the intravenous form. Then there will be a period of time of analysis that's needed to make sure that the pharmacokinetics is all in order for us to give make that extension. So we don't have an exact filing date right now. We'll probably be in the second half of the year and we'll be able to update people later as that progresses. It should be filed for SubQ once weekly.
Lamberto Andreotti: As far as Belatacept is concerned or the way we see it is, well we are aware that the key unmet medical need in the transplant world is the long-term outcomes of both the graft and the patient. So our commercial strategy for Belatacept it is to replace CNIs as part of the chronic multidrug immunosuppressive regimen that is standard of care following transplant. We are very realistic. Our initial target indication is for use in new kidney transplantations and we're realistically thinking that it will take time to build out this product. On the other hand, we know that the data, the Phase III data that we have is encouraging and supports our target profile. So, we've included I believe Elliott, two-year data in our submission.
Elliott Sigal: Yes.
Lamberto Andreotti: This would be presented in 2010.
Elliott Sigal: Yes.
Lamberto Andreotti: And this support, I would believe, in the product, but again it will be not the fastest update you have ever seen because of the nature of the product and the nature of the market.
John Elicker: Thanks, Seamus. Can we go to the next question, Tony?
Operator: Next Keyur Parekh with UBS.
Keyur Parekh - UBS.: This is for Jean-Marc. When I say look at the kind of long-term guidance range between 2007 and 2010 and if I used the midpoint of the estimate EPS range for this year, it implies roughly a 3% EPS growth for 2010 and that's obviously kind of implies a fair degree of slowdowns relative to the last few years. I'm just a little bit confused about that. I mean is there material scope for upside on for 2010 minimum guidance range, as we stand today?
Jean-Marc Huet: I don't think I can comment on this, but we will come back to you in terms of 2010 guidance when we normally do. I will just reiterate the fact that today despite dilution from Medarex, despite the impact of generics in Europe and despite the extension of ABILIFY. We reiterate a minimum of 15% earnings guidance from 2007 to 2010.
John Elicker: Thanks, Keyur. Tony, I think we just have time for a couple more questions.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Schott at JPMorgan.
Chris Schott - JPMorgan: First question on dapagliflozin, can you just tell me the way of thinking on filing plans here. I believe your partner appointed to a second half 2010 timeline for U.S. filing with their last earnings call. Can you just tell me how you get to that type of date given the FDA's guidelines for new picked diabetes agents? And then second on the ONGLYZA launch, I'd be interested in where the U.S. formulary position currently stands and kind of when you'd expect to achieve your target access levels here?
Jean-Marc Huet: Yes, well. We'll have more information on our exact filing plan as '010 unfolds. Our alliance partner, AstraZeneca and us are targeting and getting prepared for end of '010 submission. However, the cardiovascular safety, that original timeline was set before the cardiovascular safety requirements and we're in constant contact with the FDA and the types of trials that we have ongoing are all event-driven. So I can't give an exact date at this particular time. With dapagliflozin, we are now just looking at our third Phase III study and this afternoon our second is being presented and the first was presented earlier. We have eight Phase III studies. So we have five more to go. I'm very encouraged by the target profile that's emerging, but we have four more Phase III studies in the completion of the assessment of no cardiovascular harm remained encouraged by this first in class opportunity in diabetes and we'll be able to update you when we know more about our filing plans. Lamberto Andreotti Yeah and about ONGLYZA, it is clear that we have devoted a lot of efforts and attention to the inclusion in the managed care reimbursement lease and what we have achieved so far is good. This is last data indicate, we have ONGLYZA accessible to 75% of the overall [cover lags]. And of these cover lags, we have access to ONGLYZA 82% have accessed without restrictions. In 28% Tier 2 and obviously our focus is to increase now the numbers in Tier 2. Speaking of ONGLYZA, I think that's a good opportunity for me to say that we are pleased from what we've seen so far. We are executing against our plan. We launched in August. We launched in the U.S. so many years ago. So we could work less on prelaunch awareness and therefore, we are very pleased to see that now that we're in the marketplace, awareness is going up from almost zero at the beginning to a good percentage now. The number of trials, the number of doctors that they're using ONGLYZA is increasing. I saw some data on intend to prescribe, which is also going in the right direction and access as I was describing before, is going the right direction too. We and AstraZeneca are confident that we will deliver success here. We are waiting for the approval by DDMAC, the FDA's DDMAC of our promotional material. So far we can only promote in more or less the press release and the product profile. As you can imagine, I and many of my colleagues are spending a lot of time reviewing the performance of this product. We just launched in the U.K., Germany and some smaller European markets. As you can imagine, also, there we are very focused on the execution of our plan and looking forward to results.
John Elicker: Tony, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: We'll go next to Tim Anderson at Sanford Bernstein.
Tim Anderson - Sanford Bernstein: A couple questions. Going back to Mead Johnson, if you were to sell that either now or say the stock goes up to $50 or something you sell it, does that then change how you approach the String of Pearls because you already seem to have quite a bit of cash, that would obviously give you another big bars of cash and I'm wondering what the intent would be with that cash. Second question is on ORENCIA; the product has been doing well and steadily growing. I'm wondering if you can talk about what you see as the competitive threat from Roche's ACTEMRA because that product seems like it's going to go straight for the market, where you sell most of ORENCIA, which is in that infusion phase after [Athena] failure.
Jim Cornelius: Let me start with revisiting the Mead Johnson question. It's not out of consideration that we keep Mead Johnson because it's growing at a very nice rate, an important contributor to both sales and earnings. As we gain more confidence in what we described earlier as Stage II, they may not be as important at that point in time as they are today. A sale, because of the very low tax basis results in a huge tax liability. So that's one option. A tax free spin-off is another and a tax free split-off is another. So, the consideration and timing of those four alternatives is very much what we're focused on, Tim.
Elliott Sigal:  Speaking of ORENCIA and ACTEMRA, obviously we are fully retention what will happen in the market at launch of ACTEMRA. It is true that ACTEMRA goes in to the same portion of the market, where we compete the IV portion, and we have a confident of what we have in terms of data, in terms of plan. We have a product that has good efficacy and has a good durability of efficacy. So that the two things combine to make us believe that ORENCIA can compete and can compete very well and this is a safe product, ORENCIA, so we have a lot of winning points. And if you look at our performance versus REMICADE, that performance has improved quarter by quarter and we think that we can continue to deliver despite the launch of ACTEMRA. You know that we have the radiographic data out to five years, I believe which highlights that ORENCIA inhibits the structural damage and this is very important to give us confidence in ORENCIA as a long-lasting duration product.
Jean-Marc Huet: Maybe just one comment on our cash position, Tim, as it stands today, we have a very strong cash position and that will increase, especially once there is recognition for this intercompany debt coming from Mead Johnson. As I also mentioned we have nearly $400 million coming through from divestitures that have taken place in the quarter. So we can really look at Mead Johnson from the perspective of doing the right thing for shareholders. Our cash position is in a very, very good place to just continue the String of Pearls as we've been mentioning each and every quarter.
John Elicker: Tony, can we go to the last question please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from [Eric Lo] with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst : Just a couple quick ones; beyond the ABILIFY sales force announcements last week, are there plans to re-evaluate the sales force commitments in any other products in the near term? And second question is can you provide perhaps some more specific timing in terms of when we can expect to see Phase III data for malignant melanoma?
Lamberto Andreotti: Let me start with the sales first question. First of all, just to make it clear, we are not decreasing the support that we are giving to ABILIFY. ABILIFY is a products doing extremely well in the marketplace, growing much faster than the market and gaining market share versus sole competitors. So, we're obviously not decreasing our support to that product. It is only a difference mix of support between us and Otsuka that we are providing. So, what we decrease in terms of sales force support, Otsuka will provide or is providing in strict coordination with us. So nothing to do with productivity there, it is only an implementation of an agreement we have with Otsuka pharmaceuticals. As far as the rest of our sales force in the U.S., I think we have reached a balanced situation for our DDMAC sales force. We have seized it to support PLAVIX, until we have PLAVIX in the marketplace, to launch ONGLYZA and to provide a limited support to our product in this part of the country where it is needed. So, we do not expect if we continue to deliver successful performance of our products, and the new products to go for major changes in our sales force structure.
Jim Cornelius: So Eric, on our Phase III first line advanced melanoma study, with ipilimumab in combination with dacarbazine, this is a survival study, so it's event-driven. All we can say is we're expecting results sometime in 2010, but it's event-driven and I can't predict exactly when that's going to occur right now.
John Elicker: Thanks everybody for your questions. I'll turn it to Jim for closing comments.
Jim Cornelius : Thanks, John. We continue to deliver broad-based sales growth, really underlying our excellent commercial execution. As Lamberto just said, we're committed along with our partner AstraZeneca to making ONGLYZA, a successful commercial product. I believe we've had culture of change here at Bristol-Myers Squibb and continuous improvement with a focus on cost management as an accepted concept. It delivers significant improvements as you've seen in both gross margins and pretax margins and finally this outstanding cash flow performance. We have a growing cash balance, a robust pipeline and we'll continue to supplement that pipeline through the String of Pearls. In summary, Bristol-Myers Squibb is a company that delivers on its commitments. We will continue to do so in the future. Thanks very much for your attention and questions today.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have a nice day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker – VP, IR Jim Cornelius – Chairman and CEO Lamberto Andreotti – President and COO Elliott Sigal – EVP and Chief Scientific Officer Jean-Marc Huet – EVP and CFO
Analysts:
–: John Boris – Citigroup David Reisinger – Morgan Stanley Catherine Arnold – Credit Suisse
–:
–: Steve Patrick – UBS Chris Schott – J.P. Morgan Tim Anderson – Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Good day and welcome to today’s Bristol-Myers Squibb second quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead Mr. Elicker.
John Elicker: Thanks Lisa, and good morning everybody and thanks for joining us. We are here this morning to discuss both our Q2 release and the announced planned acquisition of Medarex that you saw last night and this morning. I will make just a quick comment before we get started on logistics. For this call, we do have a slide that is available on our website www.bms.com and you can also access it through the web cast if you would like to follow along. With me this morning are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Lamberto Andreotti, our President; Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; and Jean-Marc Huet, our Chief Financial Officer. Jim, Lamberto, Elliott, and Jean-Marc will all have prepared remarks, and then we will go to your Q&A. So let me take care of the legal requirements first. During the call, we will make statements about the company’s future plans and prospects including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development and product potential that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K, periodic reports on Form 10-Q, and the current reports on Form 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, Bristol-Myers Squibb website, or from BMS Investor Relations. In addition any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Jim.
Jim Cornelius: Thanks John. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Yesterday was a very busy and important day for Bristol-Myers Squibb, and so to characterize as chairman and CEO was one of executional excellence. I want to extend my congratulations to all of the BMS colleagues that have worked both on the results of the second quarter, and the Medarex acquisition, particularly those sitting around the table with me this morning. At BMS to add one other thing that Institutional Investor magazine has picked our own John Elicker as the very best investor relations guy in the industry. So John congratulations. Keep up the good work. I'm going to be directing my comments to slide three in that deck. It is a very small number at the bottom of the page, but depicts the way we think of BMS over the next 10 years. We just completed in June a ten-year strategic review with our board of directors, essentially in this format. There are three distinct stages. Stage one, the growth that we are currently experiencing that we characterize as 15% earnings per share growth from the 2007 base. That is the post-Plavix patent expiration stage, 2012 to 2014, where we have mitigated that as best we can with the Abilify extension, and thus now provide us a plateau in earnings, but really a platform for growth. And then finally stage three where acquisitions such as the Medarex acquisition will have a significant impact. So for stage one, we had another excellent quarter both operationally and strategically. We continue to deliver on our commitments, and we're executing against our strategy in a co-ordinated way to becoming a stronger, leaner and more effective company in both near-term, medium-term, and long-term. As you saw in the quarter and Lamberto will expound on, we continue to deliver strong sales in our BioPharma business. It is driving broad-based top line growth across almost all products and geographies. Our ability to manage costs continued to deliver operating leverage as non-GAAP earnings per share grew 30%. We remain in an overall strong financial position with $9.1 billion of total cash and marketable securities, but subtracting our debt $2.7 billion and what we call our net cash. This certainly gives us the flexibility to continue executing on our strategy. This is a very welcome contrast from our debt position of 18 months ago. And as a result of our continued strong performance, we were able to raise, as you know, our non-GAAP EPS guidance to a new range of $1.95 to $2.05 dollars up from the old $1.85 to $2.00. The quarter also brought important strategic developments that show how we are strengthening the platform for growth in the 2012 to 2014 timeframe as I outlined earlier. We have extended a very successful collaboration with Otsuka on Abilify, and as a result our outlook for 2013 is much improved. As you are seeing in the P&L statement, we are continuing to make progress with our productivity initiatives. We are fully prepared for a decision on Onglyza, and hopeful that we will launch this important diabetes medicine soon. We expect that Onglyza will be an important contributor in stage II and beyond. Also in the quarter, we announced important clinical data for three of our late stage assets. As we said before, the String of Pearls is an important part of our business development strategy to deliver sustainable long-term growth. Just yesterday as you know we announced the Medarex acquisition that potentially helps position us for meaningful growth in stage III beginning in the year 2014. This deal is expected to give us increased leadership in the area of biologics, which is a key component of our BioPharma strategy. It vastly expands the scope of our pipeline in oncology and immunology, and it gives us full control of Ipilimumab, our promising late stage cancer biologic. I have asked Lamberto and Elliot to take you through some of the specifics of this planned acquisition, and what it means to our growth profile, our leadership position in biologics and our pipeline. And then Lamberto and Jean-Marc will lead the discussion on the quarter. Afterwards we will be available as usual to answer your questions. Lamberto.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. Thank you Jim. Jim already said that the acquisition of Medarex is a great example of how the execution of our String of Pearls strategy puts us in an excellent position to project growth also over the long term after the loss of exclusivity of Plavix and Avapro. We have had a very productive collaboration on Medarex since 2005, and we're optimistic about the strategic and research opportunities that this acquisition of Medarex offers. Let us get into some of the details listed on slide number four. And we have said many times, one of our strategic goals has been to expand our leadership in biologic. And this acquisition of Medarex significantly accelerates our leadership position in this area by bringing us both new assets and additional capabilities. Medarex has discovered technologies that do not have to be proven as they have already been validated both in their own portfolio as well as in collaborations with other companies. In addition to the discovery technology platform, there are 10 clinical and 16 preclinical programs that add value to our biologics portfolio, especially in the key areas of oncology and immunology. And importantly we gain full ownership and rights to Ipilimumab the product that we have partnered on since 2005. We hope to have important phase 3 data on this product on this compound by the first half of next year, and pending the results of this study we could potentially submit the Ipilimumab filing to the regulatory authorities next year, in 2010. Ipilimumab is promising, but Medarex offers much more than Ipilimumab. As I mentioned by acquiring Medarex, we have also vastly expanded the scope of our immunology and oncology portfolio with a total 26 additional assets. In addition Medarex brings to this a growing stream of royalties from three approved products, which were discovered through its UltiMAb technology platform. This acquisition causes some near-term dilutions, but despite the dilution and thanks to our successful performance, we've been able to maintain our outlook for 2010 and 2011, and we're excited about the potential accretion in the longer term. Finally, our financial strength allows us to complete this deal while maintaining the flexibility to continue executing on our String of Pearls strategy. After Medarex, we plan to continue buying additional products and additional companies. If you move now to slide five, Bristol-Myers Squibb, our company, with the addition of Medarex creates a powerhouse that is set up for leadership in biologics, across the spectrum of discovery, development, manufacturing and commercialization. Medarex productive and proven antibody discovery capabilities and their laboratory facilities on the west coast accelerate and complement the work we have already begun internally, and through the acquisition of Adnexus and our collaboration with Domantis. Together with Medarex, we now also have a much stronger and broader biologics development pipeline, particularly in immunology and oncology. Besides Ipilimumab, we have a number of biologic assets in our late stage pipeline including Belatacept for solid organ transplant. We are hopeful that all these assets will reach successfully the market, where we already have Erbitux for cancer and Orencia for rheumatoid arthritis. Manufacturing is a key element of our biologics strategy, which is why we have invested heavily in the new facility we are building in Devens, Massachusetts, and we also continue to operate a development and manufacturing facility in Syracuse, New York, and work with a number of qualified third-party manufacturers. Medarex has unique pharmaceutical development capabilities through this effort. Elliot can now talk about the impact of this acquisition on our pipeline and will give us some details -- will give you some details about Ipilimumab. Elliot.
Elliott Sigal: Thank you Lamberto. Now that Jim and Lamberto have described the rationale for the planned acquisition and how it positions us to become a leader in biologics, I would like to talk about how the Medarex research and development capabilities and assets will significantly enhance our efforts in biologics, and in particular in the important areas of immunology and oncology. In addition, I would like to discuss some detail about where we are with Ipilimumab. Turning to the pipeline with reference to slide six, you can see that this acquisition will have a very significant impact on our clinical development pipeline, as it will double the proportion of biologics in the pipeline from 17% to 35%. As we have indicated in the past, we believe there are many advantages to having a portfolio balanced with both small molecules and biologics. It provides us with the flexibility to choose the right approach for a given target and biologics also tend to have a higher success rate through development as well as the potential to be developed for many different indications. In addition to Ipilimumab, which I will reference shortly, the Medarex pipeline has 10 compounds in clinical developments of which seven are unencumbered. Beyond the numbers, the Medarex pipeline also enhances our pipeline with a number of attractive compounds particularly in the immuno-oncology and autoimmune diseases. Some of these disease targets include inflammatory bowel disease, rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, and solid tumors and hematologic [ph] malignancies. Behind this clinical pipeline are an additional 16 preclinical assets, which are expected to generate 1 to 2 IND candidates annually in both immunology and oncology. Finally, Medarex has built a proven and highly valued technology platform called UltiMAb that produces highly-affinity fully-human antibodies. Three approved products developed by other companies already utilize this technology, generating royalty streams. While there are an additional two other candidates derived from UltiMAb awaiting approval and at least 30 other compounds in various phases of development in the industry. But in addition to Medarex’s human antibody technology, it also has a proprietary antibody drug conjugate platform to develop potentially significant antibody cytotoxic therapies for use in oncology. These may result in novel targeted cancer therapeutics. Combined with our prior acquisition of Adnexus, we will have a very strong biologics discovery engine, which will leverage multiple distinct technologies. Now referring to slide seven, let me talk about Ipilimumab. As many of you know, Ipilimumab is a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to CTLA-4, which is a molecule on T-lymphocytes. And that molecule plays a critical role in regulating naturally immune responses. Blockage of CTLA-4 by Ipilimumab sustains an active immune response, and therefore stimulates immune mediated attack on cancer cells. We established collaboration on this molecule with Medarex back in 2005. The clinical program for Ipilimumab to date in patients with previously treated metastatic melanoma has demonstrated clear anti-tumor activity, unique instances of delayed disease progression, and prolonged responses to treatment with a manageable safety profile. In addition, survival across the Phase 2 studies has been encouraging and consistent with a median range of 10 to 15 months with 50% of patients alive at one year. More recently, updated 24-month survival results presented at ASCO this year from follow-up extensions of our Phase 2 trail, show that the two-year survival rate range from 30% to 42% in patients who received Ipilimumab, compared to historical controls this is encouraging. But a randomized Phase 3 trail is ongoing, and this is designed to evaluate the efficacy of Ipilimumab in combination with dacarbazine a chemotherapeutic agent versus that chemotherapeutic agent alone in patients with untreated and unresectable stage III or stage IV melanoma. The primary endpoint is overall survival. Results of this event driven trial are expected in the first half of 2010. A potential submission for melanoma could include survival data from patients in the Phase 2 second line study and the randomized Phase 3 first line trial. We also believe that Ipilimumab may have utility in other areas of oncology, and additional ongoing studies include a Phase 3 study in adjuvant treatment of melanoma, a Phase 3 study in prostate cancer, and a Phase 2 study in lung cancer. We are certainly excited by the potential we see for Ipilimumab and with the planned acquisition of Medarex, for we will have full control of the development and commercialization of this product and full access to the important discovery and development technology. In summary, this transaction is expected to greatly strengthen our position in immuno-oncology, increase our biologics clinical portfolio in both autoimmune diseases and oncology and provide technology platforms and a research engine for the future. Now I would like to turn things over to Jean-Marc.
Lamberto Andreotti: Well in fact this is Lamberto. I will step in with a couple of comments before Jean-Marc gives you the details of our results for the quarter. And we are moving from discussion of Medarex now to discussion of our quarter results. And I'm speaking about slide eight now. As Jim said before we're very, very excited about the excellent results in the second quarter. I'm particularly proud of the broad-based top line growth that has been achieved while effectively managing costs. Many of our key products, Plavix, Abilify, Sustiva and (inaudible) franchise, Orencia and sprycel delivered meaningful double-digit sales growth in this quarter. This is through not only to a great portfolio but also through the very effective organization we operate. As Jean already said, the improvements in our top line have not jeopardized the rest of our P&L. On the contrary, our strong operating leverage reflected in the non-GAAP EPS growth of 30% demonstrate our continued success in focusing on cost. For the past two years, we have been very disciplined in executing against our productivity goals and moving to a culture of continuous productivity. It is clear that we have established a successful new way of doing business that has been yielding results with our currently marketed medicines, and we expect to put the same formula to work in upcoming years as we prepare for six potential new product launches between now and 2012. We are also making the most of our financial assets as well by improving the way we handle working capital and capital expenditures. The entire company is involved in this effort, which has led to significant improvements in our cash flow. Now Jean-Marc will provide additional details on the second quarter. Jean-Marc.
Jean-Marc Huet: Lamberto, thank you very much. If we can now turn to page 9, which is titled Q2 continued high-quality sales growth. So we will now review our Q2 results before taking all of your questions. So turning to revenues. You have seen our overall results from the press release as well as the comments made by Lamberto and those reflect the contribution of Mead Johnson. I would like to now discuss in the next several slides our BioPharma performance specifically as that represents the lion's share of the company and is the primary focus of management. In summary, we had high-quality sales growth in biopharmaceuticals, up 4% in Q2 or plus 9.5% excluding foreign exchange. This is a continuing trend building on the first quarter of this year, where we grew sales at 8%, which you can see on the left-hand side of the slide. This is ex-Foreign exchange, as well as the full-year results for 2008, where sales grew at 13% or excluding FX and after-tax 9%. Our second quarter 2009 net sales include a negative impact from foreign exchange of 5%, a positive impact of 4% from price, and importantly a plus 5% increase in volume. This you see on the right-hand side of the slide. Now turning to slide 10. We had broad-based sales growth in the quarter. Most of our key products saw double-digit growth in Q2. If you consider the performance of our portfolio, excluding Plavix and Avapro, which as you know lose exclusivity in the 2012 time period, we still achieved sales growth in the very high single digits excluding FX. This was accomplished despite continued simplification of our business through deletion of several mature brands and divestiture of assets. Our US biopharmaceutical business particularly strong at plus 13%. Now let me just turn to our therapeutic areas. Firstly cardiovascular, globally Plavix sales were up 12% excluding foreign exchange. US sales grew at 15% driven by good volume growth in our stroke and PAD businesses. We are pleased to see this growth as we face competition in Europe and the US. And we are well prepared to continue our leadership with Plavix in a broad spectrum of indications. Turning to neuroscience, Abilify very strong, up 26% globally ex-FX and 29% in the US. Abilify is the fastest growing atypical in both NRx and TRx. The 29% US net sales growth reflects the execution against the opportunities in bipolar and the new major depressive disorder indication supported by a strong DTC campaign. The growth in Europe also very strong was supported by the bipolar indication launched in the middle of last year. Now let us turn to our virology franchise. Reyataz sales growth was steady at 2% globally or 10% if you exclude the impact of foreign exchange. Reyataz was negatively impacted in the US compared to the first quarter of 2009 and this is due to the timing of ADAP purchases in the first quarter. Sustiva franchise sales were up 11% globally or 18% ex-FX behind the strong performance of Atripla [ph]. Baraclude sales were at $179 million or plus 41%, excluding FX. Baraclude has achieved or is approaching leadership in places like China, Japan and Turkey. Now turning to immunology, Orencia sales were at $148 million or plus 48% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. In the US, Orencia sales grew 33% as we worked towards becoming the first line biologic of choice. The total number of patients on Orencia has held up relatively better than the overall market. The total number of patients grew 27% versus Q2 2008 and 2% versus Q1 of this year. Now coming to oncology, Erbitux sales were at $173 million, down 12% due to lower sales in later lines of treatment for colorectal cancer. We do see the first signs of the business somewhat stabilizing with sequential quarterly growth, although monitoring performance over the coming quarters will be important. Global Sprycel sales were at $107 million with very strong growth in US and Europe. Let me now just turn to slide 11. Very importantly when looking at the BioPharma business and the same holds for the overall organization, our gross margins were significantly up if you compare with the same period last year. Gross margins in the BioPharma business increased 410 basis points up to 74.2% compared to the second quarter of 2008. Foreign exchange, but importantly favorable product mix, pricing, savings from productivity initiatives, and manufacturing cost improvements all contributed to this important growth in gross margins. If you look on the right-hand side of this page 11, you will see that our pre-tax BioPharma margins were up nearly 8%, to be exact 770 basis points versus a year ago. With continued strong sales and a focus on expense management our BioPharma pre-tax earnings were up 46% for Q2. Let me now turn to slide 12, which is entitled Q2 reduced SG&A and continued R&D investments. We reduced our BioPharma SG&A as a percentage of sales by 380 basis points from 29.4% in Q2 2008 to 25.6% in the second quarter of this year. This represents a decrease of 380 basis points. This is primarily driven by significant progress in reducing our overall G&A expense. We have made steady progress in this area since 2007, when our SG&A as a percentage of sales was in the low 33% to 34% range as a total company. At the same time, we are maintaining our R&D spend. Excluding specified items, research and development expenses remained flat at $800 million or up 3% if you exclude the impact of foreign exchange. Our productivity initiatives allow the flexibility to fund R&D and simultaneously integrate key business development opportunities such as Medarex. Turning to slide 13, which is entitled further strengthened financial flexibility. Not only has the performance been impressive in the second quarter, but I'm pleased to see the benefit from the organization’s overall focus on cash flow. In 18 months, we have gone from a net debt position to a net cash position and that you see on the left side of the slide. As of June 30th, we are in a net cash position of $2.7 billion and that has increased about $300 million since the end of the first quarter of 2009. We have increased this cash position over the past quarter even with our dividend payment of $600 million, and a payment of $400 million to Otsuka as part of our extension of our Abilify agreement. Our trade working capital, which you see on the right-hand side of the slide as a percentage of sales has decreased from 17% at the end of 2007 to around 11% at the end of the second quarter of 2009. This 6% reduction between 17% and 11% equates to a release of capital of well over $1 billion over this timeframe. Even with the planned Medarex acquisition, we remain in a very strong position to pursue business development opportunities from a balance sheet perspective. Let me now turn to page 14. 2009 financial guidance. We are raising today of non-GAAP EPS guidance from $1.85 to $2.00 to $1.95 to $2.05. Where is this coming from? We expect gross margins to improve about 200 basis points versus last year, and this is based on mix and productivity improvements. We expect indeed the margins to remain at the first half levels throughout the rest of the year. We also expect our effective tax rate to be around 25% versus 24% and this is driven by pre-tax mix. Our non-GAAP guidance for 2009 includes the potential dilutive impact of Medarex, which could be in the range of between $0.02 to $0.03 for 2009. We are also refining our GAAP EPS guidance from $1.58 to $1.73 to a new range of $1.58, which doesn’t change but a reduced number of $1.68. We're also today confirming our 3-year minimum 2007 to 2010 15% EPS compound annual growth rate on a non-GAAP basis. This includes the estimated dilutive impact of Medarex in 2010, which we estimate to be in the range of between $0.07 and $0.09. We are maintaining our guidance of a minimum of 15% growth rate, while absorbing as you will recall the following. Firstly, the dilution attributable to ConvaTec, secondly the impact of the partial IPO of Mead Johnson, as you know we sold 17% in February this year. Thirdly, the planned acquisition of Medarex. Fourthly, the R&D spend for the other seven Pearls that we have either acquired or licensed since 2007, and lastly the dilution attributable to the extension of the Otsuka agreement. The fact that we continue to deliver given these factors clearly demonstrates the growth phase that we are in today as mentioned by Jim on his first slide. And while we are very focused on the global economic climate as part of our risk management, we have seen little to no impact from the recession upon our portfolio of medicines, but we will continue to watch this very carefully. The second quarter performance was excellent by any measure, excellent sales growth, improved gross and pre-tax margins resulted in a 30% increase in non-GAAP earnings per share. Operationally, financially and strategically we are accelerating our transition into a next generation BioPharma leader. Thank you very much and now I turn it to John.
John Elicker: Thanks Jean-Marc, and thanks everybody for listening. Lisa, I think we are ready to go to Q&A now.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Mr. Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Mrs. Jami Rubin. Anyway, very good quarter. I wanted to ask you Jim as long as we have you on the call to talk sort of big picture strategically. Now that you have made the Medarex acquisition, I'm wondering if you can talk about other areas that might be of interest. Does this fulfill the requirements for the oncology phase for Bristol, and what other areas or therapeutic categories would interest you and also on the Medarex deal, can you share with us what the royalty payments are for Simponi, Stelara, and the third product? And then I just wanted to switch gears for a second on Plavix in Europe, we understand that Plavix, generic Plavix was approved by the CPMP [ph] and if you could sort of just give us a sense for what's happening in Europe with generic Plavix. I know it's now just in Germany but if you anticipate that it spreads and how we should think about that going forward. Thanks.
Jim Cornelius:
 :
Lamberto Andreotti: Okay, yes, as far as I remember the royalties that Medarex gets from third parties are in the low-single digits. You also asked about situation of Plavix in the EU and the pretty complex situation with generic competitors being approved or being reduced. Let me start with Germany. There is still one (inaudible) that was launched in August 2008 and it is marketed by two generic companies of Germany, Ratiopharm and (inaudible). (inaudible) is indicated in a limited number of indications that are present more or less half of the clopidogrel sales or (inaudible) in Germany and as far as I know by May 2009 they have taken about 30% -- 34% of market share in units from us and Sanofi. There are a number of generic marketing authorization applications that got THMP opinion recently. Some did opt for full clopidogrel indication. Some of these are only for the (inaudible) indication. We are anticipating that European marketing authorization decision will occur by the end of July, August and therefore we are planning for additional generic launches in the second half of 2009. Some of these applications have been for clopidogrel basilate as those that were filed and approved in Germany, and some are for the same sold that we have in the market and for which we have a composition on master patent in the top five countries with the exception of Spain. Now both Sanofi and Bristol-Myers Squibb will continue to monitor this situation very carefully. We are continuing to have all possible efforts to have our intellectual property respected and we will -- we are adjusting our plans according to how the situation evolves. Let me add a comment that this very important. We are very excited by the possibility that Onglyza will become approved in the European Union by the end of the year, because even if the generic competition on Plavix becomes more aggressive. Well, we will have a very important new product on which to focus efforts of our (inaudible) infrastructure in Europe. That is a very powerful infrastructure, but we have a product Onglyza, and even though we're not giving up on Plavix we are very excited of having that structure supporting Onglyza now.
John Elicker: Thanks Jamie. Lisa can we go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from John Boris from Citigroup.
John Boris - Citigroup: Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on the quarter. Question for Jim, especially in light of the completion of the 10-year strategic review, and in light of your statement in your press release that you expect the outlook for 2013 to be much improved if we just go back to the three stages that you outlined Jim and if you can just maybe talk very broadly about stage one, you still have another 2, 2.5 years to take cost out of the cost structure. How much room is there to continue to take productivity and cost saving initiatives to drive performance on the operations. On the second phase, you do have a lot -- greater visibility on the pipeline, most notably on Onglyza, Belatacept, Ipilimumab potentially before the end of this year, (inaudible) little bit later but if you un-risk adjust those assets and think about the growth that they could possibly afford going forward, how do you then look at Stage III then, maybe very topically about acceleration of growth and then Jean-Marc from a modeling standpoint, I know you can't go into detail but how should we be thinking about the P&L components because it does seem as though the BioPharma strategy is going to much greater biologics shift or percent of revenue that could be coming from the operations and how should we be thinking about that from a tax standpoint, gross margin standpoint, (inaudible) standpoint, et cetera, thanks.
Jim Cornelius: Well, let me start, this is Jim Cornelius on stage I. If you go back to the base year 2007, I think we felt there was enough potential in productivity that we could stand by a 15% bottom line compounded annual growth rate at least through 2010, and since that time we have divested assets that we owned back in 2007. As Jean-Marc pointed out, we only own 83% now of Lead Johnson. We are going to swallow the minor dilution from Medarex here in the latter half of 2009 and still reiterate that growth rate. I think the momentum in the business suggests 2011 should be lumped into that growth year. We're feeling much better about that and I'll boot the second part of your question to Elliot. We do have six new products that we shared with the board, but probable of them using the success rates that are historic in our industry. On the other hand, we have an above average -- above industry average track record in terms of success rates and we're obviously hoping someday to have all six, but I turn it to Elliot.
Elliott Sigal: Yes, thank you Jim and Lamberto will add to this. John, this is a very exciting portfolio. It is my job to bring things forward but to constantly risk adjust and to be cognizant of the competitive and regulatory environment. We are getting very excited about the near term drugs that you've mentioned and working very closely with our commercial colleagues in preparing the market, understanding the market, and I think I am more excited about these six products this year than last year, each and every one of them. At the same time, the String of Pearls strategy allows us to build upon this now platform of growth in stage II and to increase our probability and confidence in the slope of the return to growth in stage III, and therefore each stage has a very specific strategy of adding pipeline that could mature at those stages or earnings that can contribute to those stages and I would say that would continue.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes, this is Lamberto. I'd like to add a couple of comments both on stage I and stage III. Let me start with stage III. Obviously in the days when we all dream, and it's not many days as we spend dreaming, we think of what is the future of Bristol-Myers Squibb with all those products released and delivering the highest scale, and the picture is absolutely very bright. In the normal days, we focus more on risk-adjusted projections and we are convinced that we have six good assets also at risk-adjusted level and we are building plants to be ready to launch (inaudible) in the most effective way. Looking both at stage III and stage I now, we felt it is very important that we share with you the fact that we continue to look at expenses, expense management is part of our daily life, but also we are focusing more and more also given our recent results on top line growth. So it is a combination of the two that we are focusing upon and I think we have the credibility now or the results of last year's to support this belief that we can deliver a good sales or top line growth in the next few years. Look at how Sprycel is doing in the marketplace, how we are gaining market share and how comparatively to the other product that is alternative to Glivec, we have (inaudible) in the marketplace. Look at how Orencia after a bumpy start is delivering, et cetera, et cetera. I think we can continue to be optimist about how we can deliver top line growth.
Jean-Marc Huet: So maybe just a compliment that Lamberto was just talking about stage I and stage III, just to come to stage II. This is something which continues to obviously be of important focus as we focus on improving the base earnings in that period of time. Just as a reminder, we extended the Abilify contract, which will contribute a minimum of $0.30 in 2013, 2014 and just to repeat what Jim and Lamberto said, productivity is becoming continuous improvement. This is something which is becoming more and more part of our DNA. So rather than as a discrete project, this is now becoming part of our process. So we will improve the cost efficiencies of our business in stage I and stage II as well as stage III, and lastly to Lamberto's point, superior execution in stage I, we will demonstrate that in stage II in all of our products outside Plavix and Avapro and as I mentioned in my remarks, the part of the business excluding Plavix and Avapro continues to grow and we will be focused on the growth of our in-line products as well as what Elliott mentioned those six products hopeful to come. On your last point on modeling, that can be a very detailed answer but let me just give you broadly, I think that we are much more focused today not only on the short but also the mid and the long-term performance. Our business does change over time if you look at gross margin and the way we will account for Onglyza going forward. Most importantly, if you just look on a pretax basis, we have different levers to drive that pretax earnings growth in stage one and hopefully really create that platform as we improve our business to be well positioned for stage III in 2014 thereafter. When it comes to more details, I'd be more than happy to take that off-line.
John Elicker: Thanks John. Lisa, can we go to the next question.
Operator: Our next question is from David Reisinger with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead please.
David Reisinger – Morgan Stanley: Yes, thanks very much. I have a couple of questions. First of all, with respect to Ipilimumab, could you just discuss your level of confidence in positive overall survival data and melanoma this coming winter? Second, regarding Belatacept just wondering if you filed for priority review and also wondering when you'll make public the two-year survival data and then finally other numbers. For the assumptions made in the calculation of $0.07 to $0.09 of dilution in 2010 for the deal, can you just discuss whether you are assuming any rationalization of costs, whether you're assuming any reinvestment and provide any perspective on amortization? Thanks.
Elliott Sigal: Yes David, this Elliot. You had a question on both Ipilimumab and Belatacept. So let me just step back and say that Ipilimumab is targeting areas of significant unmet medical need, metastatic melanoma is a near fatal diagnosis, most of the time. There are 140,000 cases diagnosed annually worldwide with 37,000 deaths. People have tried for years to modify this horrific course of this particular disease. The excitement that Ipilimumab it is a novel approach to have the body's own immune system help out in the fight against cancers and with regard to confidence of survival in the overall study, we are very encouraged by the survival figures in phase 2, but that is phase 2 data, and we must await phase 3 data to completely answer your question, but I would say that if there was one sleeper in the pipeline as I talk to people over the last year because of the developing data and my contact with physicians and the programs that we have it would be probably Ipilimumab. There has been some new data out on immunotherapy as you know from ASCO with other molecules that give us some confidence that we are in the right area. This is high risk, but high reward. Let me say that Ipilimumab data could come out in phase 3 metastatic melanoma first line, sometime early next year. We also have as I mentioned a phase 2 study in the lung cancer around that time. We also have another phase 3 study using a lower dose of Ipilimumab in conjunction with a vaccine, and that's significant because we, as you know, are looking at Ipilimumab as the backbone of immunotherapy to be added to a variety of agents that could be chemotherapeutic agents, they could be a variety of vaccines that are tumor specific and being developed by other people. So that's a very extensive program. Now with Medarex we have different targets in the area of immuno-oncology, one in phase 2 and one earlier in clinical studies. So this is going to be an exciting time and we all await the phase 3 data coming. With regard to Belatacept, you asked for an update of our regulatory strategy, and we typically announce the filing when the filing is done by the FDA, and that is the actual filing but we did as we promised to submit on June 30th, a complete application and we are very excited about that we've been collaborating in terms of its content very carefully with the agency to answer any questions that could arise in the evaluation of this novel approach to organ transplantations, and we would expect to hear within about 70 days of the June 30th date whether the FDA makes the decision to file and to treat this as a priority review. Those are both their decisions. We do have two-year data that will be available and we hope to be presenting that in next year's American transplant conference. Now, just coming to your point on dilution David, a couple of points first just as a reminder for everybody is that when we reiterate today our 15% minimum guidance it includes the dilution of Medarex between $0.07 to $0.09. Second point, just before coming to your specific question, if you just look at the dilution, it's obviously more important in the next coming years, more or less neutral in what we call stage II and then hopefully very accretive thereafter. So the dilution profile really fits with our growth of stage I, platform for growth in stage II, return to growth in stage III. Thirdly, but specific to your question on the $0.07 to $0.09 dilution, obviously we make assumptions, nothing is ever given, and we always work to minimize the impacts of dilution, but let me just make the points that what has impressed us and we have had this collaboration since 2005 are the people, the assets, and the capabilities of this business, and so we have taken this very much into account when assessing the diluted impact of the business. This is not just a cost driven deal. Yes there will be synergies and some of them are important given the fact that it is a publicly holding [ph] company and will not -- driven by us closing that deal obviously and that's the background to the $0.07 to $0.09.
John Elicker: Lisa can we go to the next question.
Operator: And our next question is from Catherine Arnold with Credit Suisse. Go ahead please.
Catherine Arnold – Credit Suisse: Sure. Thank you and good morning. I wanted to ask Jim a question about how stringent you are on the absolute price per pearl, if you will. You've been quoted in the media of saying about $2 billion would be right and obviously (inaudible) for that but if you had conviction on the sort of assets that were two or three times that price, would you be willing to do that, and then I also wanted to just check in on the risk of an unsolicited bid on Medarex. Is there a breakup fee and remind me what the change of control provisions are for the long-standing agreement that you had? Thanks.
Jim Cornelius: Okay, String of Pearls is an answer to question about what our appetite was and based on the screen and the kinds of things we are looking at, the plus or minus $2 billion acquisition price for us is digestible. I said earlier today, we will continue to look things that are 3 or 4 times the size of that. I think we would have to find extreme value in there but I wouldn't rule that out. Our cash position obviously continues to impress me that some combination of the working capital, the productivity, we are generating significant amounts of cash and have the financial flexibility to do many, many things that we could not do two, three years ago. So I look to the science side of the organization to bring these ideas in. We unleash a very talented legal and business development group to do the due diligence. We calculate what we think a fair price is and then we negotiate very hard with the target, and the fact that this one at $2.4 billion gross minus their cash into the $2.1 billion range is exactly what I was talking about.
Lamberto Andreotti: Catherine, we take comfort and just you know on the line that this is a transaction on both sides unanimously approved, which obviously gives a sense of comfort we have in the contract only that the standard empty solicitation type measures within the contracting including the breakup fee, and I think the breakup fee is at approximately 3% or so which obviously is money, but if someone will ever to really want to buy the asset, I'm not sure if that would be a sufficient deterrent, but we do have all the standard anti-takeover clauses. No changing control, excuse me, if the partnership survives, yes.
John Elicker: Thanks. Lisa can we go to the next question.
Operator: Our next question is from Tony Butler with Barclays Capital. Go ahead please.
Tony Butler - Barclays Capital: Yes, thanks very much. Do you need to increase your investment, assuming an Onglyza launch soon or is there a need for additional assets or is that complete second, given (inaudible) outright approval. Do you need to increase your investments there with respect to Plavix, and then finally Elliott, would you care to comment on the potential data for Effient [ph], and if in fact that might be sometime in the future a competitor in the ACS world, thanks.
Jim Cornelius: Let me take the two questions that are related to Plavix given the new competition on Onglyza. First of all, we are geared up to launch Onglyza in both the US and the European Union, and some other countries including Mexico. We have a full plan agreed upon with AstraZeneca. We will have sufficient funds and resources available for this launch. The question -- obviously our projections for next year and beyond include all the resources that are needed for a very effective launch of this asset. Therefore, nothing comes as a surprise, I mean the launch doesn’t come as a surprise, but comes as something that we have planned and we have resources adequately. As far as Plavix is concerned and (inaudible) we continue to be behind Plavix and we don't think we need to put more or less resources behind Plavix because of the imminent launch of (inaudible). The -- as a reminder I think (inaudible) Plavix is indicated for a much broader population of patients than Effient. We have the full spectrum of ICS, we have recent MI, we have recent ischemic stroke and established PAD. So we are dealing with a product that is looking at a much broader market than the one that Lilly and Daiichi Sankyo will -- can focus upon and I don't go into any other comments about Effient. They are labeled. They have black box but we feel very confident about Plavix and we continue to have adequate resources of all types behind Plavix itself.
Elliott Sigal: Tony, this is Elliot, just very briefly you asked about the AstraZeneca antiplatelet compound. The full results we are looking for seeing, we haven't seen. There'll be discussion of their trial platelet presented in the European conference I believe at the end of August this year. At that time, we'll have a better understanding of that safety and efficacy profile.
John Elicker: Lisa, can we go to the next question.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Scala with Cowen. Go ahead please.
Steve Scala - Cowen: Thank you. I have two questions for Dr. Sigal. First, do you believe Plavix's current oasis 7 data will prove to be an important and powerful clinical finding and marketing tool or not an important addition to Plavix's data package, particularly as it relates to possible competition, and secondly why are you conducting a modified release study of Apixaban. Is this to achieve once-daily dosing or is it to circumvent an adverse PK issue? Thank you.
Elliott Sigal: Yes, thank you Steve. The oasis trial will be presented later this year evaluating the 300 mg versus 600 mg dose. I think it is very important information because it has been our hypothesis that the 600 mg dose, given early could well improve the acute event rate, where you really see a lot of the events, even a lot of the events increased anticoagulation accomplished by Prasugrel [ph]. I think it is an important addition to the armamentarium of Plavix because a lot of people have gone to the 600 mg dose, and I think it's always important to update our label to optimize the use of our medicines with patients. So I believe this will be a very good information and we both clinically and commercially are awaiting to review that data. The modified release program on Apixaban is our effort to see if we can increase the half life of Apixaban to an area that we're comfortable could be administered once a day. You know, our current half life is about 12 to 14 hours. We have got an efficacy on once a day. We believe in the philosophy with this compound of twice a day to achieve the benefit risk. We're not trying to avoid something. We are trying to improve on the next generation effort in factor (inaudible).
John Elicker: Lisa, can we go to the next question please.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Patrick [ph] with UBS. Go ahead please.
Steve Patrick – UBS: I think you actually have a few questions. First one for Jim. Jim, if I look into your portfolio the one obvious missing asset is the vaccine franchise. Is that an area of interest for Bristol and should we expect any strategic moves there?
Jim Cornelius: Currently that's not in our 10 disease states and I honestly don't see anything on the near-term horizon that would take us in that direction. We are more than busy with the areas that we have identified as focus areas.
Steve Patrick – UBS: Great thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Schott with J.P. Morgan. Go ahead please.
John Elicker: Sorry, Patrick [ph], I guess we lost you, but we are kind of running close on time. We've been on for a little over an hour. So I think we have time for two more questions Lisa. Go ahead Chris.
Chris Schott - J.P. Morgan: Great. Thanks. Just a couple of quick questions here, moving on gross margin first, can you give us a little more granularity on the impact that productivity mix and FX had on that roughly 400 basis points year-over-year gain that we saw, and then wondering if you can update us on how far at this point you are through your manufacturing restructuring and facility consolidation and then quickly on Belatacept, as it relates to safety, can you let us get a little more comfortably with the PTLD seen with the product and the Epstein-Barr negative patients had a particularly strong signal but seems like we also saw marginally higher rates in other patients as well and just any color you might have on that would be great? Thanks.
Jim Cornelius: Let me take the first one on gross margin. If you look at our guidance of the year we have a gross margin improvement of 200 basis points. Otherwise, if you look at our gross margins for the first half of this year, we expect them to be rather comparable for the entire year, so also for the second half of the year. Where are the improvements coming from? They're coming from product mix. We have in our portfolio some high margin businesses, which are growing at a very high rate. There is obviously pricing but whenever we speak about pricing, we go to the breakdown of our revenues and I'm always enthused to see good volume increases in our business, but anyway it's product mix, pricing, as well as savings that we have from productivity, and they are more important today than they were a year ago. If you look also at our overall gross margin, not BioPharma, we've also been helped by Mead Johnson’s gross margin which also improved very significantly over the last 3 to 4 quarters, and lastly there has been a positive impact of FX in the first half of the year. We do not expect that to be positive in the second half of the year, but yet we think that first half and the second half margins will be quite similar. If you go to manufacturing, restructuring, and Lamberto you want to add on just very briefly. We are very much on track when it comes to our timing of going from 27 to 11 manufacturing sites by 2011.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes, we were at 27 BioPharma, biopharmaceutical plants in December 2007. In the meantime, since then we have closed or divested 6 sites, we have three more, but we announced the intention divesting or closing. So we are really in an advanced stage of implementation of that plan and which puts us probably in one of the bad positions in the industry in terms of rationalization or rationalize or rational manufacturing methods. We have come to concomitant rationalization of our portfolio. You read about products, all the products that we are divesting to other companies, and our idea is to continue to focus on selective products manufactured in selected very high-tech plants, and we are going in that direction and we can consider ourselves a leader in the industry from that point of view or also from that point of view.
Elliott Sigal: Chris, this is Elliott. You asked a question about post transplant lymphoproliferative disorder or PTLD which is the name given to a group of white cell proliferations including lymphomas in immunocompromised hosts following organ transplant. In most cases, PTLD as you noted is associated with Epstein-Barr Virus or EBV infection of B cells, either as a consequence of reactivation of the virus post transplant in the setting of immunosuppression of any type or from primary post transplant infection of the virus and the estimated rate in transplant patients ranges from half a percent to about a percent. Now we are bringing forward a novel immunosuppressant with what we believe are clear benefits needed in the field, but as any immunosuppressant carries a normal risk that they want to be very careful at properly characterizing and mitigating, and one of them is PTLD. We have had a higher incidence of PTLD in the program compared to cyclosporine but not an unusually high incidence overall. I'm specifically focused on the location of some of the PTLD and that is on the brain and we are working closely with the agency and our risk mitigation plan so that we can bring forward an option for patients that have transplant that have the needed benefit of better kidney function. Perhaps the ability to be able to form -- to perform more kidney transplantations for the people that are waiting and that's why we did the trial on the higher risk donors, and also to avoid the nephrotoxic effects of the gold therapy, the calcineurin inhibitors though that include increasing risk of cardiovascular metabolic profile that we don't see with bullatacin.
John Elicker: Thanks. Lisa can we go to our next question please, Lisa.
Operator: Yes. (Operator instructions) Our next question is from Mr. Tim Anderson with Sanford Bernstein. Go ahead please.
Tim Anderson – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you, just going back to foreign-exchange. Can you just specifically quantify how much of that 410 basis point change was FX and that may be a question for Jim. Wondering when you might extend your long-term earning guidance range beyond 2010 because the 2007 to 2010 timeframe is starting to move into the rearview mirror and I think investors you know would appreciate clarity on your expectations for growth, specific expectations for growth as you get into that stage too.
Jean-Marc Huet: So if you just take the question on FX Tim, the improvement of gross margin I would say FX accounts for less than a quarter of that improvement.
Jim Cornelius: And on the question of longer-term guidance as I said we've just completed successfully a ten-year review with the Board of Directors. I think we are getting more comfortable with the directionality of the business in the various stages. You know, by the end of the year we'll have more to say about next year and then you know, shortly thereafter we'll have to decide whether we go into long-term guidance again. The original 15% compounded annual growth rate was predicated on a very important series of waves of productivity that is now into the Bristol-Myers Squibb culture. We will have to factor that in given what we see on these potential 6 new products and we will get back to you.
Tim Anderson – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
John Elicker: Thanks Tim, and thanks everybody for your questions. Let me just ask Jim to close out with a few summary remarks.
Jim Cornelius: I think I can summarize very quickly. The numbers speak for themselves. On the short-term productivity is carrying us in terms of these absolutely fantastic margin improvements. My guess is that on many financial measures these are industry best in terms of the second quarter of 2009, and we are very optimistic about closing on Medarex and taking full advantage of the people scientific knowledge and very interesting biologics pipeline they have. Thank you very much for your attention today.
John Elicker: Thanks everybody.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Bradbury - President & Chief Executive Officer Mark Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance & Chief Financial Officer Vince Mihalik - Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing & Chief Commercial Officer Orville Kolterman - Senior Vice President, Research and Development  Michael York - Senior Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray Matt Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital Craig Gordon - Frontside Research
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the first quarter 2009, Amylin Pharmaceuticals Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Stacey and I’ll be your conference moderator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Mr. Michael York, Senior Director of Investor Relations; please proceed.
Michael York:  Good afternoon. Welcome to Amylin Pharmaceuticals quarterly update conference call. Today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today’s press releases and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed on today’s call. Let me introduce the other members of the Amylin management team here today; Daniel Bradbury, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President of Finance, and Chief Financial Officer; Vince Mihalik, Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing and Chief Commercial Officer; and Orville Kolterman, Senior Vice President, Research and Development.  I’ll now turn the call over to Dan Bradbury.
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks Michael. This afternoon we will build on the press release issued earlier today and provide additional color in detail around the company’s progress and performance in the first quarter. We’ll then update you on the five primary areas that we are focusing on, to create value for Amylin shareholders. These are (1) BYETTA; (2) exenatide once weekly; (3) SYMLIN; (4) our obesity programs and (5) improving our operating results. First, I want to frame the call with our major highlights of the first quarter and remind you that we have uploaded a presentation on our website that provides additional background on the quarter.  (1) We improved our non-GAAP operating loss by 55% over the same period in 2008 and we remain on track to achieve our stated business objective of generating positive cash flow from operations by the end of 2010. (2) We have strengthened our alliance with Eli Lilly and Company an initiated ExenatideOne; an integrated co-located medical development and commercial team for the exenatide franchise. I will comment on this exciting development later. (3) We reported positive results of exenatide once weekly from DURATION-2; the first comparative efficacy trail ever undertaken against maximum dose of two commonly used brands, Actos and Januvia. Now, I will highlight our progress on the five areas I mentioned earlier. First is BYETTA; the only GLP-1 receptor agonist currently on the market, which was added late last year to the American Diabetes Association treatment guidelines the type 2 diabetes.  In spite of the addition the revise treatment guidelines, BYETTA sales have remain relatively flat quarter-over-quarter, due in part to the overhang of concerns regarding pancreatitis, as well as broad economic factors that appear to be impacting the way people with diabetes are managing their diseases. Vince and Orville will comment on these topics later.  I’d like to turn to an exciting alliance development that we’re announcing today, the creation of ExenatideOne. Building on the successes of the partnership between our two companies, Amylin and Lilly continue to fortify their relationship. To improve operational effectiveness, increase financial and process efficiencies across the Amylin, Lilly alliance and to maximize the value of BYETTA and exenatide once weekly; we are restructuring our exenatide operations with Lilly. This restructuring resulting from engagement at the higher levels of Amylin and Lilly leadership is called ExenatideOne. We result in one integrated team, co-located in San Diego. This team will have single points of accounts ability across most functions. My expectation is that in this restructuring, along with future enhancements will result in more efficient and effective execution. Vince Mihalik, our Chief Commercial Officer who joined us in January, will speak to the details of the new structure in a few moments. I believe that with the implementation of exenatideOne, the resolution of the pending regulatory issues and strong execution of our plans with physicians and other constituents, we have the opportunity to return BYETTA growth and position exenatide once weekly for a strong launch. In the first quarter, we made significant progress in our second area focus; that is exenatide once weekly. In DURATION-2, the second in the series of head-to-head studies designed to test the superiority of exenatide once weekly, against other diabetes medicines, patients on exenatide once weekly experienced a statistically significant reduction in blood sugar, compared to maximum doses of two of the newer widely-accepted diabetes treatments, Actos and Januvia. Additionally, we reported data from the DURATION-1 extension that we believe will demonstrate comparability between intermediate scale clinical trial material made in Alkermes manufacturing facility and the commercial scale drug product made at Amylin’s manufacturing facility. This enables us to maintain our goal of submitting exenatide once weekly to the FDA this quarter. Moving onto SYMLIN, our third opportunity for value creation, our compound addresses the unmet needs of patients using mealtime insulin. We will continue to focus on growing SYMLIN revenue, which was flat quarter-on-quarter. While SYMLIN addresses a smaller portion of the diabetes marketplace, we believe that we can grow this product, which is an important contributor to the physician’s range of treatment options and remain a key economic contributor to the company’s finances.  Our obesity program represents the fourth area of value creation. We remain on track to complete our two clinical trials with Amylin and leptin analogs later this year. Our pramlintide/metreleptin Phase 2b study finishes up in the third quarter and our Phase 2 study with davalintide completes in the fourth quarter of this year.  While not likely to be at the front of peoples minds at present with regards to Amylin’s near term prospects, these remain very exciting longer-term programs and opportunities for future growth for the company. We will finalize our obesity funding and development strategy later this year. Lastly, the fifth area of value creation; we continue to reduce our expenses and improve operating results and are on track to the goal of achieving positive operating cash flow by the end of 2010. I will now turn the call over to Mark to review our current financial performance in detail.
Mark Foletta: Thanks Dan and good afternoon. I’ll start by quickly reviewing selected first quarter figures from our earnings release earlier today. As I discussed last quarter, the key metric to track our progress is non-GAAP operating loss. We believe this metric is an important measure of the performance of our business, as it approximates our use of cash for operations before working capital changes, as we drive towards our stated goal of positive operating cash flow by the end of 2010. As a reminder, non-GAAP operating loss is defined as our GAAP loss, less non-cash items, principally equity compensation, depreciation, amortization and any one-time charges. Non-GAAP operating loss was $19.9 million compared to $44 million for the same period in 2008, a $24.1 million or a 55% improvement.  Total revenue was $193.7 million, including net product sales of $179.3 million in the first quarter, compared to total revenue of $197.2 million, including net product sales of $178.7 million for the same period in 2008. Product sales in the first quarter were $157.7 million for BYETTA and $21.6 million for SYMLIN. Net product sales in the first quarter were impacted by a reserve of $5.8 million associated with the Tricare Retail Pharmacy program; the majority of which relates to BYETTA and represents rebates retroactive to January 28, 2008, pursuant to a final rule implementing this program that was issued last month. Of this $5.8 million, $4.8 million relates to retroactive rebates for 2008.  Excluding the impact of the Tricare reserve, net product sales for BYETTA were $163.1 million for the first quarter, compared to $158.5million for the same period in 2008. Net product sales for SYMLIN excluding the impact of the Tricare reserve was $22 million in the first quarter, compared to $20.2 million for the same period in 2008. 
 : Cost of goods sold was $18.6 million reflecting a gross margin of approximately 90%. The improvement in margins primarily reflects higher net sales prices per unit. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to $87.6 million compared to $98.2 million for the same period in 2008. The decrease is primarily attributable to lower promotional spending for BYETTA and SYMLIN and our reduced cost structure following the restructuring at the end of 2008. Research and development expenses decreased to $60.0 million compared to $77.2 million for the same period in 2008. The decrease in the current year is primarily attributable to lower development expenses for exenatide once weekly and BYETTA, and our reduced cost structure following the restructuring at the end of 2008. Research and development expenses for the first quarter of 2008 also included an $8 million license payment for drug delivery technology.  Net loss for the quarter was $47.8 million or $0.34 per share, compared to a net loss of $71 million or $0.52 per share for the same period in 2008. At quarter end, we held approximately $711 million of cash, cash equivalents and short term investments. I now like to review and reiterate previous financial guidance. We continue to expect our non-GAAP operating loss to be between $75 million and $100 million in 2009, compared to a non-GAAP operating loss of $137 million in 2008. Non-cash expenses projected for 2009 were approximately $100 million, and consist of $60 million to $65 million of stock-based compensation, and approximately $35 million to $40 million of depreciation and amortization. Our expected GAAP operating loss for 2009 is between $175 million and $200 million, compared to $242 million in 2008 before restructuring charge. To assist you in understanding the rest of our income statement, I will provide some additional information. We expect collaborative revenue in 2009 to be comparable to 2008 and will consist primarily of cautionary payments from Lilly to equalize exenatide development expenses. We expect that our gross margins will remain strong in 2009 at approximately 87% to 89%.  Consistent with our prior expected expense reductions, we believe our total GAAP operating expenses in 2009 will be between $600 million and $625 million. We now expect that net interest expense will be $20 million to $25 million for 2009. This reduced guidance primarily reflects a reduction in the impact of non-cash interest expense, net of capitalize interest, associated with the adoption of FASB staff position APB 14-1, effective January 1, 2009, which was finalized in the first quarter. To finish up on the cash flow front, we offer the following additional guidance. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $100 million in 2009, driven largely by activities necessary to complete and validate our Ohio manufacturing facility. This is down from capital expenditures of approximately $300 million in 2008. Maturities of our long term secured debt will result in payments of approximately $30 million. We are continuing to pursue options to offset the research and development expense associated with our obesity and early stage programs. The cumulative effect of this guidance suggests that we expect to finish 2009 with a substantial cash balance of approximately $600 million, with access to an additional $165 million from Lilly. There is potential from modest downside associated with working capital investments we may chose to make in late 2009, in preparation for the launch of exenatide once weekly. Most importantly, I want you to know that driving toward positive operating cash flow and maintaining a strong position are our top priorities in managing the business. In summary, I’ll remind you the statement we made in November 2008 in connection with our strategic restructure. We said that actions taken would result in expense reductions in 2009, and even greater reductions in 2010. Our first quarter financial results, demonstrate the impact of these actions. We will continue to manage our spending inline with revenue expectations, enabling us to reach the stated operating results targets in 2009 and our stated goal of positive operating cash flow by the end of 2010. I now like to turn the call over to Vince Mihalik, to review our current commercial efforts and provide further details regarding our exciting new organization initiative with our Exenatide partner Eli Lilly.
Vince Mihalik: Thank you Mark. I will now provide an update on our commercial activities here at Amylin. First, I want to start by reinforcing my commitment to accelerate the growth of BYETTA and SYMLIN, as well as maximize the launch of commercialization of exenatide once weekly. We have an opportunity to help more patients, comprehensively manage their diabetes and we’ll do just that. To accomplish these objectives and be more effective and operationally and financial efficient in our commercial activities, we are restructuring exenatide operations with Lilly and we are creating a more integrated efficient approach to development, sales and market for BYETTA and exenatide once weekly. In this restructuring named ExenatideOne, we have created one integrated team to drive our plans and address competitive dynamics in the marketplace. Clearly, ExenatideOne demonstrates both Lilly and Amylin’s long term commitment to the exenatide franchise.  The integrated team, which will be located here in San Diego, will report to the alliance steering committee, co-chaired by Dan Bradbury and Bryce Carmine, who is the Global Head of Sales and Marketing at Lilly. This closer engagement of senior leadership reflects the shared vision of Amylin and Lilly. ExenatideOne is a single commercial Medical and Research Development team with single accountability for aligning strategy and a tactical execution. I expect this integrated and collocated team to help me turn BYETTA to grow and to effectively launch once weekly. I want to thank our colleagues at Lilly for working with us on this truly unique and integrated approach, to commercializing the Exenatide franchise and I expect additional enhance to the alliance as we go forward. Now, I’ll provide a brief overview on the current business. As noted earlier, 2009 we’ll marked the fourth year on the market for BYETTA and it has been used by more than 1 million patients and physicians have written in excess of 7 million prescriptions since launch. BYETTA is the first and only FDA approved GLP-1 receptor agonists available on the market. BYETTA occupies a unique place in the treatment of type 2 diabetes, by addressing significant unmet needs, with the dual benefits of powerful glucose controlled with weight loss, supported by a low of risk of hypoglycemia in a favorable cardiovascular risk profile. BYETTA has not only been accepted by patients, but also by advocacy groups and key opinion leaders. In their upgraded treatment guidelines published at the end of 2008, the American Diabetes Association and the European Association for the study of diabetes endorsed the approach of treating diabetes with glucose controlled therapies that promote weight loss without increasing hypoglycemia. This recommendation of therapies that promote weight loss is an important update, as excess weight is a challenge for 80% to 90% of the 25 million people living with type 2 diabetes in the United States. More importantly, it is further evidenced that the weight key opinion leaders view diabetes therapy is shifting. These treatment guidelines have not been updated in over two years and were written after careful consideration of the efficacy, safety, tolerability, cost and ease of use of currently available medicines. BYETTA was the only new edition to the revised guidelines. Now let’s talk about our results in the first quarter. Before we get into the specific details of our brands, I’d like to establish the context of the market in which we are operating. As Dan mentioned earlier, the economy is having a negative impact on branded medicines as well. Earlier this week, the associated press highlighted this issue as they described how people living with diabetes were skimping on medicines, doctor visits and supplies during this difficult time.
 : Now moving on, lets discuss our BYETTA sales and marketing efforts. While BYETTA’s inclusion in the treatment guidelines and the anticipated monotherapy indication are very important, we are continuing to take aggressive actions to promote the unique profile of BYETTA and capitalize on the ships and clinical thinking and return the product to grow. As an example, our physician and patient support programs like BYETTA by your side for primary care are having a positive effect. These programs are designed to better support BYETTA new patient starts and improve long term patient adherence. Further, we continue to educate physicians on the broad 85% Tier 2 access for BYETTA across commercial managed tier providers. The combination of a favorable shift in clinical thinking in the medical community, and our focused marketing and sales efforts position BYETTA well for future growth. We remain committed to optimizing the potential of the only type 2 diabetes medicines available, that provides the two benefits of powerful glucose controlled with weight loss, supported by a low risk of hypoglycemia and a favorable cardiovascular risk profile. Now let’s move onto SYMLIN, which is the first and only FDA approved Amylin analog. It too is in its fourth year on the market in 2009 and address unmet needs in insulin therapy by reducing blood glucose fluctuations, improving glucose control and causing weight loss for people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, who use mealtime insulin. Overall prescription for SYMLIN declined approximately 8% quarter-to-quarter. Although with the new and innovated convenient SymlinPen, which now represents about two thirds of all prescription and with our focused efforts, prescriptions for SymlinPen NRx grew by 4.8% Q1, 2009 to compared to Q4, 2008. During the quarter, we have reassessed our physician targeting and going forward our plan is to sharpen our physician targets, depending SYMLIN adoption by current prescribers and simplifying patients’ selection, while managing expectation and supporting our patients. Our goal is to increase adherence through a high tough, high support marketing strategy. I’ll now turn over the call to Orville 
Orville Kolterman:  Thank you Vince. As Dan mentioned earlier, we continue to work to better understand the relationship between BYETTA and pancreatitis described in some spontaneously reported cases. In keeping with our focus on patient safety, we continue to pursue our drug safety program that includes thorough investigation of individual’s spontaneous case reports, along with clinical and epidemiological studies. Within the detection limits of an initial epidemiology study, we have not observed an increased incidence of pancreatitis associated with BYETTA compared to other treatments for diabetes, and thus believe a definite causal relationship between BYETTA and pancreatitis as not been proved. This data was published in Current Medical Research and opinion found that the risk of acute pancreatitis among initiatives of BYETTA or sitagliptin was similar to initiatives or metformin or glyburide to older more traditional therapies. Additionally, another study published last quarter also helped to furether characterize pancreatitis in the type 2 diabetes population. This manuscript published in diabetes care downs the risk of pancreatitis in patients with type 2 diabetes to be roughly three times that of people without diabetes. The FDA is continuing with its review of the regulatory application from monotherapy and several other prescribing information updates; including revision of safety language, including pancreatitis. While this process has taken considerable time, we continue to be encouraged by our interactions with the FDA and a careful review of the data we have provided and remain confident of resolution of this issue in the near future. Again, we continue to further understand this relationship and have shared the recently published studies and other information with the agency. We believe that with the resolution of dependant regulatory issues and strong execution of our plans with physician and other constituents, we have the opportunity to continue to grow BYETTA in the near term and position once weekly for a strong launch. Now, before I highlight the regulatory progress to the plan submission for exenatide once weekly, I want to provide perspective on the recent advisory panel for the liraglutide. Keep in mind that in Amylin, we are grounded in science, science is our strength. We have been investigating the GLP-1 area since 1996 and we established ourselves as leaders in 2005, when we launched BYETTA with our partner Eli Lilly. At the recent FDA Advisory Committee meeting concern was raised regarding a preclinical cancer finding in the liraglutide development program particularly malignant C-cell carcinoma of the thyroid. Let me first highlight, what we know. Currently, there is no clinical evidence that thyroid cancer of any type is a GLP-1 class effect. The discussions at the recent Advisory Committee meeting highlighted that risk benefit considerations are key for any potential therapeutic agents. Drugs within the same class often have distinct efficacy and safety profiles due to differences in structure, mechanism of action and metabolism. Within the area of diabetes, we have three distinct examples. First, the biguinides where you can contrast phenformin with metformin, the thiozolidinedione class where you can contrast Actos with Avandia, and with resilient and the DPP-4 inhibitor class where you can contrast Januvia with [galvas]. Regarding efficacy, BYETTA and liraglutide appear to have similar results in terms of both glucose and late lowering FX. Yet BYETTA has no preclinical signals of cancer, but instead had established a well documented safety profile. BYETTA has been used in more than 1 million patients with over 7 million prescriptions written since introduction to the market. BYETTA and liraglutide are distinct molecules with significant differences in structure and metabolism. BYETTA is not a GLP-1 analog instead BYETTA is a synthetic provision of a naturally occurring peptide that function as GLP-1 receptor agonists. BYETTA achieves clinical efficacy at much smaller doses of peptide and liraglutide. BYETTA is administered at low doses 5 or 10 micrograms and largely cleared intact through a well characterized renal elimination pathway. Liraglutide is administered at high milligram doses of peptide and circulates at high concentrations in the blood stream. To achieve clinical outcomes similar to those achieved with BYETTA, first a patient must be exposed to approximately 90 to 100 or more liraglutide per day based on a weight basis of the drug. The drug substance that is administered the greater the potential for undesired for half target effects. The regulated bricks down into metabolite that circulate in the blood stream, the effects of these biologically active bi-products are not well characterized. BYETTA has a different more typical peptide construct and is cleared largely intact by the kidneys and then fully eliminated from the body. In carcinogenicity studies, liraglutide was associated with increased malignant C-cell cancers in both males and females and rats and mice. In addition, the significant increases in malignant progress are commerce of the scan was seen in male mice. Now, let’s focus on BYETTA. BYETTA is the only GLP-1 receptor agonist currently available for clinical use offering powerful sustained A1C reductions with weight loss. There is no limit association with evaluate C-cell carcinoma and BYETTA based upon preclinical trial data and post marketing surveillance data. Preclinical findings are outlined in the prescribing information for BYETTA. To summarize, in BYETTA preclinical studies, beanie thyroid tumors were observed in female rats at all exenatide doses in a two year study. No tumors were observed in male rats or mice of either sex. For BYETTA, extensive clinical studies as well as post marketing data do not suggest an association of thyroid tumors of any type. As of 30 September, 2008 experience of BYETTA included more than 5500 subjects exposed in clinical trials with greater than 4600 total subject years of exposure. Some advisory panel members questioned, there was a concern about thyroid cancer might apply to BYETTA. In response the questions of the post meeting press conference a senior FDA official stated that “the agency looked back at the clinical data for BYETTA and didn’t see any thyroid cancer risk and the agency so for hasn’t detected an increased risk and looking at post marketing data” but also said there are limited data to the preventively rollout it possible increased risk. Now let me help you understand, what this data means to once we got. If approved exenatide once weekly will be the first once a week therapy for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It has the potential of significantly advancing the treatment of type 2 diabetes as demonstrated by efficacy data from DURATION-1 and DURATION-2 studies and its novel once weekly administration. In these comparative studies the exenatide once weekly as demonstrated a greater glucose lowering effect than three recently approved widely used medication for type 2 diabetes namely Actos, BYETTA and Januvia. In the preclinical program a two year study in rats employing three doses of exenatide once weekly demonstrating a finding similar to that seeing in the BYETTA program, an increase incidence of benign thyroid tumors called C-cell adenomas. These tumors were observed in both males and females. In this study C-cell carcinoma a slow growing malignant tumor is also seen. While observe at all doses in both males and females the incidence of these malignant tumors was significantly increased only in female rats treated with the highest doses, the doses that provided tissue exposure approximately 30 times that seen with the intended human doses. Again I want to emphasis that the apples ability of these findings to human diseases has not been clearly established. In addition no evidence of C-cell cancers received during exposure in primates in studies that extended over 11 months, that no time during either the BYETTA or exenatide once weekly program that malignant fibrosarcomas been seen this contrast to the liraglutide program. Moving back to the clinical program, in late March 2009 we announced positive results from DURATION-2. The second in a serious of comparative studies designed to test a superiority of exenatide once weekly and investigational diabetes therapy as compared to other diabetes mitigations. DURATION-2 a 26 week clinical study compared to exenatide once weekly from maximum doses of both sitagliptin and pioglitazone. In 491 patients with type 2 diabetes taking stable doses of metformin. After completing 26 weeks of treatment the valuable patients randomized to exenatide once weekly experience the spastically significant reduction and A1C of 1.7 percentage points from baseline. This contracted with a reduction of 1.0 percentage point sitagliptin and 1.4 percentage points were patients treated with pioglitazone. This finding represents a spastically significant benefit of exenatide once weekly over both sitagliptin and pioglitazone. Treatment with the exenatide once weekly also produced spastically significant difference in weight, but weight loss of 6.2 pounds at 26 weeks compared with a loss of 1.9 pounds for sitagliptin and a weight gain of 7.4 pounds for pioglitazone.  Together with our collaboration partners Lilly and Alkermes, we are pleased that exenatide once weekly met the primary end points of the superiority study and show a greater reduction in A1C in sitagliptin and pioglitazone. Additionally, from an averaged based line of 193 pound at the end of the study patients on exenatide once weekly weight an average of 14 pounds less than patients on pioglitazone and four pounds less than patients in sitagliptin.  These data continue to establish the value proposition for a once weekly treatment that if approved as the potential to help patients improve their diabetes management. I want to reinforce that we are progressing steadily toward the NDA filing for exenatide once weekly by the end of this quarter.  As you know, there are four important components to the submission. Pivotal safety and the efficacy data; two, comparability of manufacturing our commercial scale versus clinical scale; three, analyses of cardiovascular risk; and four, risk benefit assessment.  First through our ongoing interactions with the agency, we continued to believe that the DURATION-1 study provides the necessary pivatol safety and efficacy data for the submission. Second, the agency has also indicated that the ongoing extension of the DURATION-1 study, employing across over design is appropriate as the basis for demonstrating comparability of intermediate scale clinical trial material made in Alkermes manufacturing facility and commercial scale drug product made in Amylin’s manufacturing facility. I am pleased to report that we have completed the analysis to demonstrate comparability necessary for the regulatory submission of exenatide once weekly, and those analysis will be a part of the new drug application submitted to the FDA in the near future. We are confident that we will have a strong submission package. Third, as we announced a few weeks ago, we conducted a meta-analysis of primary cardiovascular that’s across controlled clinical studies of three months or greater duration from the BYETTA exenatide injection database. This analysis showed no increased risk of cardiovascular events associated with exenatide use. This analysis was done in a manner consistent with U.S. Food and Drug Administrations updated guidance for evaluating cardiovascular risk in type 2 agents and is also aligned with the additional insights provided by the agency at the recent Advisory Committee meeting. Results of this analysis indicate that the relative risk of cardiovascular events in exenatide treated patients compared to control was 0.7, with a 95% confidence in overall of 0.38 to 1.31. In this analysis cardiovascular events included cardiovascular mortality, myocardial infarction, stroke, hospitalization for acute coronary syndrome and revascularization procedures. Finally, the potential benefits of exenatide once weekly are represented by comparative efficacy against leading diabetes medicines. Robust glucose lowering, no increase in hypoglycemia, weight loss instead of weight gain, favorable changes in cardiovascular risk factors complemented by the favorable meta-analysis results from the BYETTA safety database and once weekly administration. These potential benefits need to be weight against what is still a theoretical concern of C-cell tumors in human. Before turning this back to Dan, let me emphasize that we will finalize the remaining aspects of the data analysis for our NDA filing for exenatide once weekly over the next few weeks and again remain on track to submit the filing within the current quarter.
Daniel Bradbury: Thank you, Orville. I’ll add a few comments before we close and take your questions. I would like to quickly preview the American Diabetes Association scientific meeting that will be held June 5, through June 9 in New Orleans. Once again, we’re planning to have a significant, scientific and commercial presence at that meeting. I’m pleased to announce that we have had more than 20 abstract accepted at the meeting. These studies reflect the breadth and depth of our scientific and clinical programs and the tremendous interest among the medical community for our novel approach to developing first-in-class medicine to address diabetes and obesity.  Also several other studies have been submitted as late breakers. We have provided educational grants to support two medical education symposia and we’ll have a commercial exhibit where attendees can learn about Amylin, BYETTA and SYMLIN. Of particular note, please mark your calendars for a webcast of our annual investor reception on Sunday, June 7 at 7.45 pm Eastern Time to review meeting highlights. We look forward to see many of you in New Orleans. A preliminary list of abstracts and other activities at ADA will be posted shortly on our corporate website. Now also as many of you have seen, we recently announced our direct nominees for election at the 2009 annual meeting stockholders schedule for Wednesday May 27, 2009. Over the past several months, the company’s corporate governance committee, in close consultation with the independent directors, engaged in a through process to identify a slate of highly qualified and experienced nominees that the board strongly believes will best serve the interests of all Amylin shareholders.  New nominees to the board are Paul Clark, former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Icos Corporation and Paulo Costa, former President and Chief Executive Officer of Novartis U.S. Corporation. Both Paul and Paulo possess valuable operational and commercial experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, which will serve to augment the strengths of the board. Eastbourne Capital and Icahn Partners have both publicly indicated that they intend to separately nominate the slate of five directors for election at the meeting. It is important to note that we have met with both of these shareholders and welcome the opportunity to meet with them again, either separately or together. On a related topic, you may have seen our news yesterday filed in an 8-K, that we have reached a partial settlement with San Antonio Fire & Police Pension Fund. This settlement validates our view that our shareholders should have the right to make decisions on the matters such as board competition. We have always been and remain committed to doing what is in the best interest of all our shareholders.  We publicly disclosed all of the information that is available on our proxy situation as of today. We are in the process of finalizing our proxy materials and will be reaching out to shareholders to discuss these matters in the near future. As we move to the Q-and-A portion of the call, I’d ask that you focus your questions on our progress and performance for the quarter and our business plans moving forward.  In closing, I want to reinforce that we remain focus on executing our business plan to drive sustained value creation and growth and we are committed to achieving positive operating cash flow by the end of next year. Thank you for your attention today. I will now ask the operator to open the lines to question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: A couple of question on the thyroid cancer front; first just clarification, did you say the highest dose in the once weekly carcinogenicity study that you achieved, 30 times the human exposure; and then I also just wanted to check, have you actually had a chance to talk to the FDA about whether or not you have sufficient data for filling? It sounds like you don’t plan to wait for feedback from the FDA before filling the application and I’d like to understand why that might be.
Daniel Bradbury:  Thanks for the question. You’re absolutely correct. Orville did make the remark that in the two year cost initiative study in rats, that the highest exposure that was used was approximately 30 times the human exposure. I would reiterate Orville’s point that we’re talking about rat data here and there has been no maternally thyroid cancer seen in the human studies, with exenatide once weekly state.  With regards to your question regarding consultation with the FDA, we’ve had continuous consultation with the FDA as part of our development program four exenatide once weekly and we’ve received no indication from the agency at this point that there’s any additional toxicology data are required for our submission. I’ll ask Orville to comment about whether you have anything to add to that?
Orville Kolterman: Just a thing that I would add is we also have been in dialogue with the agency about the fact that we are nearing the end of the completion of the application and the file in the near future, and the agency is informed and expecting to receive the application.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: I guess just to clarify, have you actually talked to them since the Liraglutide panel and have you specifically asked about their comments on long acting formulation seeming to have a different thyroid simulation profile and you might need to do for LAR?
Orville Kolterman: Thomas, we’ve had no response from the agency or no comment from the agency since the Liraglutide panel in that regard.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets.
Matt Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: [Audio Gap] that you’re compiling for Exenatide on the DURATION trials. Are you measure calcitonin levels at baseline and ultrasound also and CEA markers at baseline; if not you planned to do that in the Duration-5 trial?
Daniel Bradbury: Matt sorry, the first part of your question, I think was cut off. Could you just repeat what you said in the first part of your question?
Matt Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: Sure, are you measuring clinically with exenatide LAR or have you been measuring since baseline calcitonin levels or have you taken ultrasounds of the neck or measured CEA markers for clinical signal of thyroid cancer from baseline in any patient in the DURATION trials?
Daniel Bradbury: Yes, so the answer to that is that we haven’t been measuring calcitonin levels in the exenatide once weekly program. We recently initiated DURATION-5 study; we are measuring calcitonin levels from baseline and we’ll continue to do so. Again Orville, perhaps I don’t know is there’s any additional comment you have on that?
Orville Kolterman: Well the comment that I would have is that we had no indication based on our data from the book-to-buy program and the exenatide once weekly program; that would indicate a need to measure calcitonin level. This has just become an issue that’s come to our attention, following the availability of the greeting materials for the Liraglutide Advisory Committee meeting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan.
Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan: Just one more on this LAR exenatide once weekly potentially thyroid signal here for this class. Has the FDA made any comments, I guess and/or request to you since you file that to your toxicology data last fall for exenatide once weekly; have they had anything to say about it?
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks for the question Cory; no, they haven’t.
Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan: Then going to pancreatitis for a second; you’ve done a good job explain or demonstrate the lack of the cause of the relationship, but can you characterize the extent of the pancreatitis overhang at this juncture in the marketplace or in the marketplace today. You had indicated in prior public comments that it seemed to be dissipating to a certain extent and I’m just wondering how much of an impairment it represents today?
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks Cory, it’s a great question. I’m going to ask Vince Mihalik to answer that question it seems closest to the market in the last few months.
Vince Mihalik: So Cory, despite the FDA posting, we did spend the fourth quarter of last year focused on trying to answer a lot of questions around pancreatitis. We have now shifted our focus and released coordination, but really been spending our time returning back to focusing on the key messages that supports the unique profile BYETTA has, which of course is glucose control with a potential for weight loss, a low risk of hypoglycemia and favorable cardiovascular risk profile.  Those messages have been resonating well. I think we’re seeing a bit of the economic downturn in the first quarter, but from our data you can see despite the economic downturn, we have stabilized BYETTA scripts.
Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan: Okay and then finally one last sort of housekeeping question. Mark had mentioned in his comments that there was slightly de-stocking that took place in the quarter; was that your opinion offset at all by the recent price increase you took or have you see no impact from that?
Mark Foletta:  I’d say actually, I don’t think it was offset at all. This is actually the second quarter in a row that we’ve actually seen some de-stocking. What I think is going on here is, is that what we’re seeing is during this time of significant economic pressure, that you’re seeing wholesalers really managing their capital extremely tightly and what they’re doing is tightening up and so we’ve seen it now. Literally since last September, a couple of days each quarter has been timed up, almost a week now in terms of decreased stock taken from the distribution channel.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird.
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird:  So, something you could comment a little bit more on the actual comparability results and if it takes a period of time for the clinical and the commercial material to kind of behave the same.  As the FDA indicated that they’re okay with that or kind of how they’re going to look at the results as opposed to that the approach is acceptable and then I was also hoping you could comment on what regulatory submission’s DURATION-5 is required to support and where the additional data on the commercially manufactured product is intended to help out?
Daniel Bradbury:  So, with regards to the comparability analyzes, firstly we’ve exceeded last year as we actually informed the investment community at the time we received the input from the agency of what they would be looking for in terms of the analytical undertaking with regards to demonstrating comparability. As Orville indicated on the call, we have completed those analyzes and we believe that we meet the criteria with regards to demonstrating comparability, and therefore we’re going forward with the submission. With regards to DURATION-5, DURATION-5 is being undertaken for a number of reasons. It would be also important for us in terms of being a second study to demonstrate superiority with regards BYETTA. Secondly, it does as you indicated, it does have a near final form of a commercial presentation in it being use and that will provide feedback from patients, which will enable us to provide better educational material at the time of launch.  Then thirdly, as you also indicated in your question, it will be used to augment overseas submissions. I don’t have on the tip of my fingers the specific countries that it will be useful, but of course it also depends on the timing of the submissions, both submission diabetes.
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird: I think I know the question was asked earlier about kind of reconfirming with FDA that the preclinical talks work that was done; have you had a chance dialog specifically on the results of the comparability, the DURATION-1 extension comparability data with the FDA?
Daniel Bradbury: We’ve just taken the guidance that they gave us and have completed the analysis, which we believe meets the criteria.
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird: Okay and then last question and then I’ll step aside. Can you comment on whether the label updates or the discussions, they are including potential for class label for the tumor signal that got so much attention at the panel meeting a couple weeks back? Thanks.
Daniel Bradbury: So I think what I will do is I’ll ask Orville to comment on that question, because he was actually at the panel, but I would remind you that the panel was specifically around Liraglutide and it was not with any regard covering the toxicology program of any other GLP-1 receptor agonist. Orville, could you comment?
Orville Kolterman: Just to remind you that for the label update we are talking about BYETTA, therefore the data set that’s relevant is the data from the BYETTA development program and that was the robust package that showed no issue in terms of the C-cell cancers and that’s the trust of the intension for labeling and the labeling update.
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.,: So at this point it would be unexpected for the new BYETTA label to address this as a class effect?
Daniel Bradbury: Absolutely would, in fact we are not aware of any conversations in that regard. Indeed I point to comments made by an FDA official following the panel, of which they stated specifically that they had looked at this issue with regards to the exenatide data that they had and have not seen any signal in this regard.
Orville Kolterman: It’s also just important to remember here that exenatide is a different molecule from where liraglutide has a different chemical construct. It is not metabolized to any extent, then the body is filtered intact at the kidney and removed or eliminated from the body by the kidney in this contrasts with a much more complex metabolic pathway for liraglutide in the body. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Gordon - Frontside Research. 
Craig Gordon - Frontside Research: Just a couple of questions; are you guys are anticipating the SMBL monotherapy and the label revision for pancreatitis to still occur this quarter?
Daniel Bradbury: At this point we’re just saying that within the near future it’s very difficult to predict exactly what the timing will be with regards to that update. As Orville mentioned in his prepared remarks, we are pleased with the diligence with which the agency is reviewing and has been willing to receive additional data from us, in regards to this situation. At this point, we are not providing any specific guidance with regards the timing of when we may or may not receive the monotherapy indication and the label update from the FDA.
Craig Gordon - Frontside Research: Another question about the comparability results, would we expect those to be presented ADA or are we’re going to have access anymore detail besides just that it met FDA requirements?
Daniel Bradbury: I think at this time there are no plans for the comparability data to be presented at the ADA. It would not really been a appropriate form frankly. As you’re looking at PK and looking at a comparability or manufacturing site, so the American Diabetes Association meeting would not be in a appropriate form for the presentation of that data. At this point, as I said earlier believe that we have met the criteria based on the agencies guidance to us and we intended to go forward on the basis of the analysis that we’ve undertaken today. 
Craig Gordon - Frontside Research: Then on the remaining ongoing DURATION trials and perhaps even in DURATION-2, are you able to go from the blood samples you guys have collected to look a calcitonin levels?
Daniel Bradbury: That’s a great question Craig. I’m afraid I don’t know the answer. I’m going to pass it over to Orville and see whether or not that’s possible to do it.
Orville Kolterman: That’s an issue that is under active investigation following the liraglutide panel. There are a number of things that we’re looking at as to whether we should consider undertaking to provide additional clarity regarding that.  One of the issues related to those samples is that calcitonin measurements were not included in the informed consents in those places. So if we do have adequate samples to make the measurements, we then have to look at the logistics of making sure that we are compliant with the patient confidentiality issues and the other informed consent issues.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital:
 :
Daniel Bradbury: Jim it’s a good question. Clearly first and foremost I think it’s really important to reinforce the fact that both exenatide and liraglutide are very different molecules. Chemically they’re extreme, they are different; they metabolized very differently and so of course one of the things that we will be doing is insuring that we highlight those differences in any correspondence that is undertaken.  In terms of specific additional action, as Orville just indicated in responding to the previous question we are looking that whether there are other activities that we can undertake to provide greater confidence to the agency.  That being said, we do believe that actually the profile is very different and our understanding is extremely different and it’s further supported by the fact that we do have already very significant clinical exposure to exenatide, from which we have never seen a clinical signal of C-cell thyroid cancer associated with the exenatide use. Orville, I don’t know if you want to add additional thoughts to that.
Orville Kolterman: I would just remind everyone that with the registration of the exenatide once weekly, we’re pursuing a line extension strategy and that strategy is based upon consideration that the molecule has been qualified and so again I refer you back to the robust preclinical program that we had for BYETTA which I did not identify this issue as a problem with BYETTA, and that is a view that has been conformed by the agency and the comments following the reason advisory committee.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital:  I guess just to follow-up on that, I guess what I am wondering is, do you have any intention to do some in vitro work looking at relative C-cell effects of Lira versus exenatide, that might be helpful for FDA, why not do that?  I guess the other part the people are struggling about this and I’d interest in your comment; how do you maintain a line extension designation when FDA itself has distinguished between longer acting and shorter acting GLP-1 drugs with the thyroid cancer signal?
Daniel Bradbury: I guess a Jim a couple of things. Firstly, as I did say previously, we are trying to and are looking at a number of different things that we could undertake. At this point we haven’t decided on a specific plan going forward; however your comment with regards to looking at different in vitro studies is something that is being considered.  The point would be that we have already conducted with the FDA our pre-NDA meeting with them and conformed with them that the registration strategy is a line extension strategy.  I would point out that that the time of that pre-NDA meeting occurred, the agency within full position of the preclinical program of liraglutide. This finding was actually many years old and indeed so they will fully aware of that at the time they agreed to a line extension strategy designation and for application.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital:  Okay thanks Dan, very helpful. 
Daniel Bradbury: Well, thank you. At this point I will close the call and I want to say, again thank you for interest and your questions and finally finish by saying at Amylin, we do remain focus on our five point plan to maximize shareholder value and look forward to seeing many of you at our shareholder meeting and at the American Diabetes Association meeting New Orleans made to this year. Thank you.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude your presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Elicker -Vice President Investor Relations James M. Cornelius - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lamberto Andreotti - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President Elliott Sigal M.D., Ph.D. - Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer Jean-Marc Huet - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: John Boris - Citigroup  Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs  Roopesh Patel - UBS  David Risinger – Bank of America  Tim Anderson – Sanford Bernstein Barbara Ryan - Deutsche Bank Securities  Steve Scala - Cowen and Company  Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann Chris Schott - J.P. Morgan Tony Butler - Barclays Capital  
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to today’s Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). This time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead Mr. Elicker.
John Elicker:  Good morning everybody and thanks for joining us to review fourth quarter full year results as well as discuss our ’09 guidance. I know there is a lot going on in the markets today, so thanks for taking the time. With me this morning are Jim Cornelius our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Jean-Marc Huet our Chief Financial Officer. Jim and Jean-Marc will have prepared remarks and then also joining us for the question-and-answer period are Lamberto Andreotti our Chief Operating Officer and Elliott Sigal our Chief Scientific Officer. Before I turn the call over to Jim let me just make a few quick legal comments.  During the call we will make statements about the company’s future plans and prospects including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development and product potential that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K, periodic reports on 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC and Bristol-Myers Squibb website or from Bristol-Myers Squibb Investor Relations.  In addition any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date.  While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Jim?
James Cornelius: Thanks John, good morning everyone and thank you also for joining us. Earlier today we announced very strong results for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2008. We also shared an earnings per share guidance range for 2009, which will be wider than usual, with major external uncertainties potentially affecting our results. However, our outlook continues to be positive and is tracking our long-range plan. I am particularly proud of the hard work we have done over the past year to execute our BioPharma strategy. Our results in the quarter and in the year show clearly that our strategy is working in the short term. We are delivering on our promises, reaching our financial goals, advancing our string of pearls strategy at a rapid rate and expanding our productivity initiatives globally. We are executing against our plans with speed and with rigor in all areas. As a result our corporate transformation to a BioPharma leader has been relatively quick and decisive.  Our financials underscore another strong quarter with improving profit margins leading to very solid operating performance capping off an excellent year. In the quarter we had diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.61 on a GAAP basis and $0.46 on a non-GAAP basis. For the year we had diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.59 on a GAAP basis and $1.74 earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis.  Compared to the fourth quarter of last year company net sales were up 4% in the quarter or 8% excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange rates. In the quarter, our important medicines such as Plavix, Abilify, Sustiva, and Baraclude continue to achieve significant sales growth around the world.  During 2008 we continued to fund our rich pipeline at all stages. We submitted Onglyza for diabetes both in the US and Europe. We presented encouraging Phase II data for dapagliflozin, which represents a new mechanism for diabetes, as well as promising Phase II data for Apixaban in acute coronary syndrome. We also shared promising early clinical data on both our gamma-secretase inhibitor for Alzheimer’s disease and our NS5A compound for hepatitis C. Just last week we received approval for SPRYCEL in Japan. In the coming year, this year, we budgeted monies for further advancement of our portfolio and pipeline. We are preparing for an FDA decision on Onglyza. We are poised to submit our novel biologic [belatasup] for the prevention of rejection in kidney transplant in both the US and Europe this year. In addition we are looking forward to presenting the first Phase III data on dapagliflozin as well as additional Phase III data for Apixaban and [belatasup] at major medical meetings scheduled for this year. Our string of pearls strategy is building on the opportunities we have developed internally. We are identifying acquisitions and alliances that can amplify and advance our work and key therapeutic areas, particularly those with high unmet medical need such as Alzheimer’s disease, hepatitis C, solid tumors, cardiology and hematologic malignancies. For us it is a dramatically different approach to business development and is helping us in our goal to create a strong Phase III pipeline in the 2010, 2011 timeframe. Since we started with our acquisition of Adnexisin the fall of 2007 we have had a total of six new pearls. In recent months we added Exelixis in two novel cancer programs and with ZymoGenetics for a novel early stage interferon in the development for the treatment of hepatitis C.  Overall we put our cash to good use with this strategy and we continue to actively seek and evaluate opportunities while we ended the year with $8 billion of cash and equivalents still in the bank.  Again this quarter we managed expenses well in keeping with our promise to become more productive. We have made solid strides resetting our cost base since December of 2007 when we first announced that we would achieve $1.5 billion in cost improvements over three years through our productivity transformation initiative. Based on that success, last July we announced an expansion of the initiative to achieve an additional $1 billion in cost improvements by the end of 2011.  Our productivity goals touch all areas of the company and have become part of the Bristol-Myers Squibb culture. With manufacturing, for example, we continue to focus on our network to reach a reduction of more than 50% by 2011 and that is down from 27 plants in 2006. With these changes and others underway we are becoming the mid-size company that is leaner, more agile, and better able to execute our strategy and adapt quickly to the challenges and opportunities in the external environment. Based on our strong strategic execution in 2008, I am very confident that we are well positioned for success in 2009.  We are providing guidance that our earnings per share in the range of $1.58 to $1.73 for 2009 measured on a GAAP basis and in the range of $1.85 to $2.00 per share on a non-GAAP basis. We also continue to project that non-GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations will grow at a minimum 15% compounded annual growth rate, that is from the 2007 base, through 2010 and that is without rebasing for ConvaTec. I believe that is one of the best growth rates in the industry. I am pleased with the overall financial health of the company, especially at a time when so many companies across America are struggling. Our monetization on non-Pharma assets and the reallocation of resources has put us in a great position to execute against our business development strategy. In summary, we are prepared for another successful year for the company. Our management team is confident that we are in a much better position now, compared to a year ago, to adapt quickly and face the global challenges in 2009 and the coming years. In doing so we will continue to deliver on the commitments we have made both to our shareholders and our patients. Thanks again for listening today on a busy day. I will now turn the call over to Jean-Marc for some color on the details in the financials. 
Jean-Marc Huet: Thank you very much Jim. I will first review the Q4 results and the 2009 guidance before turning to questions. Let me start with revenues.  Our total Q4 sales form continuing operations were up 4%, or at a very healthy 8% excluding foreign exchange. Sales for the quarter included a -4% due to foreign exchange, but a +5% from price and 3% from the increase in volumes. When it comes to full 2008 our sales were up 13% or a good double-digit growth of 11% excluding foreign exchange. Q4 Pharma sales were up 4% or 8% excluding foreign exchange. This was broad-based growth that we was across the whole portfolio driven by Plavix, Abilify, our virology business, as well as our newer products. Let me start with our CV met business. Our US Plavix sales were up 11% for the quarter. This is true sales growth as there is no impact from Apotex. In particular we are seeing very good growth in new patient starts in PAD.  Turning to neuroscience, Abilify was up 31% and 36% in the US. We witnessed a 31% growth in US prescription trends which is approximately 5x the antipsychotic market growth. This reflects our execution against the opportunities in bipolar and the new major depressive disorder indication which has been supported by a strong DTC campaign in the second half of last year.  Growth in Europe was supported by the bipolar indication which was launched in mid-2008. Now I will turn to virology. Reyataz decreased 1% globally, although trends in both the US and Europe remain strong. US prescription trends grew at +14% in Q4 although US sales were only 4% due to some inventory work down in Q4 2008.  Our International business is also strong, but was somewhat negatively impacted due to foreign exchange.  Sustiva franchise sales were up 15% globally behind the strong performance of Atripla. Baraclude sales were at $153 million up 55% with over $100 million outside the United States.  Now I will turn to immunology. Orencia sales were at just south of $130 million as we continue to make good progress in being the first line biologic of choice in the US.  Lastly, oncology. Erbitux sales were flat at $182 million compared to Q3. This was mostly due to lower sales in later lines of treatment for colorectal cancer. We do expect this market to be a growth driver long term, as oncologists are able to identify those patients most likely to benefit based on KRAS testing. Global Sprycel sales were at $86 million with continued growth in both the US and Europe. Finally with Ixempra launched in the US last year generated sales of $25 million. Sales from Mead Johnson, our nutrition business which represents approximately 13% of company sales, increased 6% or again 11% excluding foreign exchange to $707 million. In summary, we had high quality revenue growth, be it for the quarter or for the year, in each business and geography. The US pharmaceuticals business was particularly strong at +13%.  Let me now turn to expenses: Excluding specified items, gross margin increased by 310 basis points to 71.8% compared to the fourth quarter in 2007. Favorable mix in the Pharma business, manufacturing cost improvements, and some non-recurring costs that took place in Q4 ’07 were only partially offset by inflation. Excluding specified items again, full year IE for 2008 gross margins were up 150 basis points to 70.2%.  If you look at the gross margins, again excluding specified items for the pharmaceutical business, they were up 170 basis points at 71.8%. Mead Johnson was stable at 62.7% down approximately 50 basis points from last year. So, we had a very good growth of gross margins be it in the quarter or for the year. Now turning to other cost items: Again excluding specified items marketing, selling and administration was down 3% or roughly flat if you take FX out of the equation. Importantly G&A was down 6% or 2% excluding foreign exchange. Advertising and promotion was down 3% or roughly flat for the quarter if you exclude FX. Turning to R&D: Excluding specified items, this was down 2% to $870 million, or roughly flat excluding exchange. Full year R&D was up 5%. This is significant, as productivity has enabled us to fully fund R&D and integrate the business development opportunities that took place during 2008. Now turning to our effective tax rate, which from continuing operations before minority interest and income taxes and excluding specified items was at 16.5%. This lower rate reflects the R& tax credit which we took in the fourth quarter of last year and a sooner than expected reserve release. The full year rate was 22.3%. Our financial condition has improved in the quarter as our cash and cash equivalents increased to approximately $8 billion as a result of firstly strong operating cash flows, but also the proceeds from the ImClone transaction. A significant majority of this cash is on shore and remains invested in Treasury and Treasury Backed Securities, reflecting a conservative investment policy that we initiated earlier in 2008. So, today we have a net cash position of $1.5 billion versus a net debt position of $4 billion where we were at this time last year. We also expect to receive proceeds from the proposed 10% to 20% IP of Mead Johnson in the first half of 2009 and we also, importantly, announced a working capital initiative during the quarter with the goal of improving cash flows by approximately $1 billion by the end of 2010. While we recognize the need to maintain a strong balance sheet we are also in a very strong position to continue pursuing business development opportunities.  Let me now give you a quick update on auction rate securities:  During the quarter we sold some of the assets and we reduced the carrying value of some as well. As a result the original carrying value of $811 million at the end of 2007 has now been reduced to under $100 million, representing interest in insurance securitizations.  In general, very strong sales, excluding FX, improved gross margins, and effective expense management has driven improvement in pre-tax as well as net margins. Non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations grew by 53% to $0.46 from $0.30 in Q4 of 2007. Our GAAP EPS from continuing operations was at $0.61 as the gain from the ImClone transaction more than offset other specified items. The full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP EPS adjusted for ConvaTec is posted on our website.  Now let me turn to guidance. We are issuing full year 2009 GAAP and non-GAAP guidance. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance is $1.85 to $2.00. As Jim mentioned, we are also confirming our three year minimum 2008 to 2010 15% EPS compound annual growth on a non-GAAP basis and that is without rebasing for ConvaTec in 2007. Let me just go through some highlights when it comes to our 2009 non-GAAP guidance.  First our revenue growth will be in the low single-digit range. This assumes FX rates similar to those that we saw in Q4 and 2008. Importantly without FX our revenue would be up in the mid to high single digit level for 2009. Secondly, we expect gross margins to improve slightly based on mix as well as continued productivity improvements. A&P should increase in the low to mid single digits as we continue to invest in the business and we continue to invest behind and potential new product launches in ’09. SG&A should be down in the low to mid single digits driven particularly by productivity. Again, when it comes to investments R&D should be up in the mid single digit range. Lastly, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 24%. As we exit 2008 we are very pleased with the operating performance of the business and the outlook for 2009. However, given some of the challenges facing the industry and potentially Bristol-Myers, I believe we have been appropriately balanced in issuing our 2009 guidance. I do expect that we will update our guidance as the year progresses. As such, our guidance range acknowledges some of the challenges facing our business and industry in ’09 such as potential new competitions, potentially from Plavix and Abilify, takes into account currency fluctuations and the overall economic situation and the potential impact that may have on our business. In summary, our fourth quarter underlying operating performance was very strong. We saw solid sales growth, improved gross and pre-tax margins, resulting in a 53% increase in non-GAAP earnings per share. The company continues to be focused on execution against our strategy and continues to deliver growth and improved operating leverage based on product mix and our productivity initiatives. Thank you.
John Elicker: Thanks Jean-Marc and Jim. I think we are ready to go to questions now. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Boris with Citigroup.  
John Boris - Citigroup :  My first question is for Elliott. Yesterday there was an early communication from the FDA on a safety review on clopidagril, most notably on patients that are poor metabolizers and on a drug interaction with proton pump inhibitors. Is this something you are anticipating that could end up in your label before you complete these additional clinical trials, or will the FDA wait until you conduct those clinical trials before there is any change to the label? Secondly, also related to Plavix, can we just get an update on the current OASIS 7 trial? Enrollment and when we might see final results on that.  Then I have a question for Jean-Marc on working capital. Can you provide a little additional color on how you plan on getting the billion out by 2010 and the timing of how you see that billion coming. 
Elliott Sigal M.D., Ph.D: Yes, the FDA made a statement yesterday. We are working very closely with not only the FDA, but the health care authorities around the world, to ensure that our advice continues on Plavix to use this important medicine in a safe and effective way. I can’t comment, at this time, on what labeling changes will occur. We are very interested in adding information that would help both physicians and patients receive appropriate guidance on the use of the drug. We are committed to the safe and effective use of Plavix. I will say that the variability of response of any drug is certainly a phenomenon that resides with any drug. It has been very complex to examine this for clopidogrel and recent publications have focused our attention on new science with regard to variability of Plavix that may be linked to certain drug interactions like the proton pump inhibitors and also to specific genetic variation. Some of the information has been contradictory and so we are working closely with the FDA and other authorities to review this issue and provide more data. We are looking at ongoing studies, analyses of completed studies, and select new studies to further define the metabolism of the drug and the effect of the interaction with PPIs, the PK and PD is influenced by genetic variation and different dosing regimens. I think the most important thing that we can state at this time, that has been stated by the FDA, that health care providers should continue to prescribe and patients should continue to take Plavix as directed, because it has demonstrated benefits in preventing blood clots that could lead to heart attacks or strokes and they should reevaluate the need or the continued use for a PPI or alternative medicines. Within a matter of months we hope to have more data with regard to the PKPD establishing whether or not there is an interaction or, more importantly, how to take concomitant medicines with Plavix.
Lamberto Andreotti:  Maybe I can add something from a commercial point of view. The information on possible interaction with proton pump inhibitors has been out for some time now and we have not seen any significant commercial impact. As of today we are making the communications from the FDA available to all our people and we will allow them to address questions that might come from doctors and we will allow them, if questions are asked, to confirm that the FDA mentions the fact that clopidogrel has demonstrated benefits in preventing blood clots that could lead to a heart attack or a stroke and the FDA says the health care providers should reevaluate the need for starting or continuing treatment with proton pump inhibitors. In the FDA communication, it also indicates that there is no evidence that other drugs that reduce stomach acid, such as H2 blockers or antacids, interfere with the antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel. It seems to me that as of today this communication is more on the management of heart burn, stomach acid, than on the management of Plavix. Obviously our R&D colleagues at BNS and Sanofi will work actively at delivering the data the FDA wants, but we believe that there is enough already that we know and that is in this communication that can make us continue to support Plavix. In fact, Plavix in the fourth quarter, as Jean-Marc was saying, continued to grow and the 11% growth in the US included a 4.4% growth in volumes.
Elliott Sigal M.D., Ph.D: John, you did ask about the OASIS or the current trial, which is our high loading dose trial comparing 300 milligram versus 600 milligram loading dose plus a one week increase maintenance dose with the 600 milligram arm. This is an event driven trial, so although we initially looked forward to having data in the first or second quarter this year, due to a lower than expected event rate in the trial sample size has been increased to maintain study power and we are looking forward to having results by the end of the year. 
Lamberto Andreotti: Maybe just turning onto working capital, let me just start broader in terms of cash flow. We are focused on CapEx as well as working capital and have been doing so on an increasing basis over the last six to nine months. This whole topic has received more management focus, we are investing in our systems, and our compensation is in line to be much more focused on these different line items. Very briefly, when it comes to CapEx we continue to invest in the business. Very specifically our biologics plant in Devons, but we are going to be more closer and accountable to our actual capital expenditures going forward. But, we will continue to invest, which I think is an important point to mention. On the three pillars of working capital, which will bring us to our billion by the end of 2011 based on 2008 sales, it is receivable, inventories, and procurement. Receivables are receiving a lot of attention within the markets as well as in the regions not only from a cash, but also from a risk management perspective and we have made good progress over the last six months. Inventories, which is something that we have worked on for a longer period of time, is a line item within working capital which will continue to improve as we continue to rationalize our manufacturing. Lastly on procurement, we have spent a lot of time from an organizational perspective putting the right people, and we will continue to do so, putting the right people in place to make sure that we take the necessary strides to become best in class on the procurement side.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jami Rubin with Goldman Sachs. 
Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs :  This is a question for Jim. I was wondering if you saw the Pfizer/Wyeth deal as a one on transaction or the beginning of another wave of industry consolidation. My second question relates to where Bristol would stand in that sort of strategic realignment. If you could talk about your string of pearls strategy and whether or not you see opportunities for bigger acquisitions that move the needle more than a string of pearls deal.  My last question relates to Plavix in Europe. Jean-marc if you could comment on what you are seeing today with respect to generic Plavix and what your guidance assumes for 2009.
James Cornelius: Well Jami that is a set of very far encompassing questions. As company policy we don’t like to comment on the strategic actions of our competitors. That being said, we read all of the same materials that have been made public and we are working hard to make sure our people focus on Bristol-Myers Squibb strategic plans not the reaction to that announced transaction. As I said in my prepared remarks, the string of pearls is very much on track with six completed. I believe they have been complimentary or expanded the areas that we felt needed to be fixed for added to and I will turn it over to Elliott to describe where we think we are going in ’09.
Elliott Sigal M.D., Ph.D: Jami, we have been on two tracks with regard to the string of pearls. You have seen evidence, multiple deals as evidence of building the Phase III pipeline of 2011, but we also look at important opportunities that could add both revenue as well as pipeline. With our cash position we are looking continuously for opportunities, should they make sense, to improve the business in stage 2 which is targeted to our phase of the business to raise the floor of earnings after Plavix exclusivity laws, as well as signal the rise of earnings in stage 3. All of the deals done so far have been done under the guise of building the 2011 Phase III pipeline even stronger than where we are now, to help signal the health in stage 2 and stage 3 and all of these deals are done in that area while building on our core competencies in areas such as hepatitis C, hematology, Alzheimer’s, and CV.
Lamberto Andreotti: I would probably take the Plavix Europe question. I think it has not changed much in weeks as far as Plavix generic competition in Europe is concerned. There is still two generic companies marketing a sort, an alternative sort of Clopidogrel in Germany, launched in August. What they have is a limited indication. They do not have the full label of Plavix in Germany. What we have seen so far is as of December 2008 they had taken approximately 25% of market share units with the pricing of their product at a 20%-30% discount versus Plavix. So it is a less aggressive update curve then you generally see with generic products in Germany. There are a number of other applications that have been filed in Europe after July15 for approval in Germany and elsewhere of other versions of clopidogrel. There is now news about those additional applications, but in our plans for 2009 we have included some further approvals of some of these applications. We continue to support Plavix very, very fiercely and aggressively in Germany and elsewhere. We have a good product profile there and the results that we see in Germany are not only due to the fact that generic competition has a varied use label, but to the fact that we are behind Plavix very aggressively.
Jean-Marc Huet: Just to reaffirm what Lamberto says Jami, is when looking at the guidance of $1.85 to $2.00 we have taken the various different scenarios for Plavix Europe in to account when coming up with that range.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Roopesh Patel with UBS. 
Roopesh Patel - UBS :  I have a couple of follow up questions on 2009 guidance. I am just curious what it assumes in terms of A) contribution from saxagliptin, B) the extent of benefits from the productivity transformation initiative and C) what would be the potential impact to this guidance from the intended IPO of Mead Johnson Nutritionals’ business in the first half of this year. Then separately, I have a question on Erbitux. If you could just comment on the expected timing for the lung cancer filing now in the US and whether or not you expect growth out of Erbitux before that comes through. 
Jean-Marc Huet: Maybe I will just start off in terms of productivity and I will let Lamberto make mention about saxagliptin and then we can take some of the other questions from you. Productivity, like Jim said, is something which is really becoming part of our culture, so rather than just single out productivity I think that what you are seeing on each and every line item, we are becoming more productive. So if you take the $2.5 billion of productivity initiatives, I think we mentioned in the press release that just north of $1 billion has actually been identified and executed upon, $2.5 billion has been identified; so will get close to that number as the year goes by. But, we are being productive in all senses of the world and that also permits us to continue to invest and investing will be within R&D, but it is also with respect to saxagliptin, so maybe Lamberto.
Jean-Marc Huet: To saxagliptin I can say that you know we have filed in both the US and in Europe. We are getting ready for a launch, if we get approvals. We are working very, very closely and actively with AstraZeneca to get ready. Safe sources have been put together. A medical support is in place and we are giving attention to being ready for inclusion in formularies’ in both the US and Europe. The strength of the clinical data is known at this point and we believe we have a competitive profile to position the product it the field of diabetes in both the US and Europe. We are ready as soon as Elliott delivers an approval to us. 
Jean-Marc Huet: Just on your point on the MJ IPO, again, looking at guidance we do take into account that we will lose between 1-% to 20% of income as a result of the IPO and so that has been factored into our guidance. 
Jean-Marc Huet: And obviously for saxagliptin we will not expect a big contribution to earnings per share this year. In fact the expenses relating to the launch of saxagliptin will be very significant in terms of both safe forces and A&Ps. We are building saxagliptin not for 2009 but for a much longer period of time.
James Cornelius: Roopesh, finally you asked about the timing on the resubmission of the lung cancer filing for the indication for Erbitux. I don’t have a firm timeline for you at this time. I do believe this is a manageable issue of comparability between the clinical supplies that came from one source and what we market in the US. We felt that we initially had this answered. We respect the fact that the FDA is asking for more information. We think we can do this in a relatively expeditious way, but we are still talking with the FDA about additional data that will satisfy everybody so that we can move forward with this very important indication and, I believe, very exciting mortality data o this new indication for Erbitux; so we will be able to tell you more as the year progresses.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Risinger – Bank of America.
David Risinger – Bank of America :  With respect to Reyataz the sequential growth moderated a little bit in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter of ’08. Could you just talk a little bit about the momentum that you see for 2009 for Reyataz? Second, could you please walk us through your development and launch plans for saxagliptin SUS.  
Jean-Marc Huet:  David, I would suggest that we don’t consider Q4 as very indicative of the overall performance of Reyataz. There are a number of factors that had negatively affected the reported results of the product. I will mention three of them. One is foreign exchange. Obviously that is to be seen and might continue. But, the other two are related to the timing of some supplies to our Latin American markets and most important, in the US the very specific depletion of inventories we had in the fourth quarter of 200, inventories were falling in pharmacy levels but we don’t expect it to continue in the following quarters. So if you look at the performance in the US, for the quarter we have 4% reported growth. In fact TRX for total prescriptions grew 14%. What is happening in the third agent market is the market continues to grow. In fact it has accelerated growth. Our market share with the two agents that we have in that market, so Sustiva triple and Reyataz our market shares have not grown significantly but remain big, steady and we have product number 1 Sustiva triple and product number 2 Reyataz in that market, very far from product number 3 and the others.  The new HIV8 products are mostly used in the late stages of the disease and what we see is their use is add on. Therefore they do not display our products, but they are added on to our products that remain very strong in naïve patients and in early stage patients. The market is growing because there is an added on use of this new agent in the late stages of therapy, but the position of Reyataz and Sustiva triple in the third agent market, those positions remain as they were in the previous quarter. Erbitux in Europe we are ready to launch. We will be ready to launch, obviously if we get the approval. The timing of the approval might be different than the timing in the US. We have work going on at the regional and local levels with AstraZeneca and what I said before applies also to Europe. We have safe sources in places, we have medical activities continuing in all countries, and we are giving particular attention to this product as far as access is concerned; so we are preparing the pricing and having more stability discussions at the regional and local levels there. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tim Anderson with Sanford Bernstein.
Tim Anderson – Sanford Bernstein:  Jim, the biggest overhang on your stock is the patent cliff starts in 2012 and I am hoping you can talk about specific levers you can pull to address this period beyond just pushing your own compound through the pipeline and beyond pursuing your string of pearls that will translate into new product flow, only slowly. One lever would seem to be extending the Abilify contract with Otsuka, for example, I am not sure what the others would be, such that you can lessen the P&L hit you otherwise will face in that 2012-2013 timeframe. The string of pearls approach doesn’t seem like it will adequately address this period unless you start doing bigger deals. 
James Cornelius: Well Tim you put your finger, obviously, on the big strategic issue. We call it stage 2 in the house. As you know we did everything we could to get stage 1 to a 15% compounded annual growth rate for at least three years and we have just now, meaning late last year, and activities continuing in early this year, to address things that can affect stage 2.  We are not at a stage where we can go public with any of those discussions, so I am confident we are examining the right levers, as you described them.  Finally the string of pearls, there are companies out there that have existing revenue: they are on the target list and we will just have to see how the string of pearls plays out for the remainder of ’09. We are as busy in ’09 and we were in ’08 and I am optimistic that somewhere along the line we will get some products in there. In the meantime the two productivity programs are really are really lowering the cost base of this company quite dramatically.  We can’t see the full impact of that yet, because some of it has to do with people, some of it has to do with plants, which take awhile to close and reallocate the production of other units, so that is the third lever is when we get to that stage 2 I think we will be a much leaner, smaller, more agile company than we are today. Those three should give us a starting point then for stage 3 which is continued growth of the current products, plus the new products, plus the string of pearls if they are fortunate to get through the regulatory process.  We are busy at work doing stages 1, 2 and 3.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Barbara Ryan - Deutsche Bank Securities. 
Barbara Ryan - Deutsche Bank Securities : 
 :
Jean-Marc Huet: Okay. We haven’t discussed this up until now, so thank you very much for the question.  There are two drivers behind our tax rate in the fourth quarter. The most important one is the R&D tax credit. I think the good news is that this is something that we will enjoy and that we know we will enjoy for 2009 and as a result our tax rate will be more even as we go through the quarters. There are also one or two release reserves that actually took place in  Q4, so those are the two main items. If you look over the year, we are at around 22%, 22.5% and our guidance is basically at around 24% for next year, so that is a small decrease in our tax rate and that is primarily [audio gap] for next year. 
 :
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steve Scala with Cowen and Company. 
Steve Scala - Cowen and Company :  Units in non-US markets were down a bit in Q4. I am wondering if you will elaborate on the cause of this trend. Was this the effect of Plavix in the EU or was there some other trend? Secondly I am wondering if there is any news to report on the 11F8 writes disagreements with Lily.
Lamberto Andreotti: I think that our portfolio of products outside of the US is undergoing a big evolution. We are, as you know, directing products; we are moving products from our own units to distributors and thinking about what we call mature brands, because our strategy is to focus on the same portfolio everywhere around the world. There is a lot that is fluctuating in the mature brands of Bristol-Myers Squibb in terms of performance and sales. If we look at the sales in the individual regions in the quarter we have EMEA, Europe, Middle East and Asia grew overall by 5% net of the facts and what we call the key and new products, that group of products, grew in total by 20%. So you see that the performance of the key and new products in that region is very different than the performance of the mature brands in that region. I can continue the same way for Latin America and Japan and the other region in Latin America, for example. Another example would be we have divested a number of products. We have closed certain operations in Central America and then we have taken a big number of mature brands and given them to Merck for distribution in a number of countries. So we are reporting lower sales than what we were reporting there. In summary, our key products and our new products are doing as expected and doing well in the International markets as they are in the United States. 
James Cornelius: On 11F8 there is really nothing brand new to report. This humanized version of Erbitux is still in dispute. ImClone is obviously now owned by Lily. Should we not be able to resolve the differences there as to the ownership, by contract it goes to arbitration. I will report we have had some productive discussions with Lily and we will have more to report on that as the year goes on.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Seamus Fernandez with Leerink Swann.
Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Swann:  This question is for Elliott. Can you tell us if you have been informed about whether or not saxagliptin will go to a panel? It is our understanding that there is a second date scheduled after the liraglutide panel. I believe that that panel actually falls after your PDUFA date. Secondly, can you let us know if the renal study that is underway with saxagliptin is required for approval, when could those data actually be added to the FDA dossier? Then lastly, Jim this is a question for you. Can you just remind us of the timing of your transition or your planned transition and if the board is currently considering candidates for your replacement? Not that I am trying to chase you out of the position.
James Cornelius: I don’t want to be chased out of position. I don’t have any contracts and it is starting to be fun. 
Elliott Sigal M.D., Ph.D: I will be happy to go next. This is Elliott, Seamus and you asked about the progress on saxagliptin. First I would like to correct something. Our PDUFA date is April 30. If the agency decides to have an advisory panel I believe they have plenty of time to do so. We have noted, as you have, that there is more than one day scheduled in the first week of April. I would say that the FDA Amendments Act of 2007 states that advisory committees are expected for all NCEs absent and articulated reason; therefore it is our practice always to prepare for one. We have teams in both companies ready for an advisory committee. The official announcement of an advisory committee comes in the Federal Register by the reviewing division. So, we get prepared, I think they have time to have one. You asked in general about the data that would be needed for approval and you asked about the renal study. The renal study is progressing and will be available late in ’09; however it is not my feeling that the renal study is needed for an evaluation of the current program.  I do note that the CV guidelines came out after our submission; however before our submission clearly the thinking from the agency was evolving to prescribe extended exposure, certain types of patients to expose the drug to and we followed all of those guidelines and we submitted a program that has over 5,000 subjects, 400 treated with saxagliptin, multiple patient conditions, and about 1,500 patients received saxagliptin for at least a year of the 3,000 that had been studied in Phase III. We do not see any cardiovascular signal and we think the database that has been provided allows application of the guidelines and we are working closely with the FDA to assure people that the new standards put in place are adhered to; because we think the new guidelines are an important advance for patients in assuring cardiovascular safety.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Schott with J.P. Morgan.
Chris Schott - J.P. Morgan:  Just maybe on the diabetes line here, can you just also update us following those recent CV guidelines for dapagliflozin and just expectations of a filing line for this product or just maybe any comments you might have on what changes you might need to make to your clinical program as relative to those CV guidelines.  Also on the R&D front Sprycel, just update timing on the front line on head-to-head data when we can think about that. Then maybe just a broader question, when we think about macro economic impact to your business and thinking about 2009 guidance can you just kind of quantify what is reflected in your guidance? Are you seeing a macro economic impact already or is this more something we should expect as the year progresses?
James Cornelius:  Chris, you asked questions on diabetes in general, dapagliflozin in particular. Let me take the question on Sprycel first line. We are running the first line study head-to-head with Glevac. The study is, as of last year, fully enrolled and we data will be maturing towards the end of the year. We will see some data in 2010, as we have said before. I am quite excited about the progress of the Sprycel life cycle management not only in solid tumors, but certainly in the hematologic applications. With regard to the CV guidelines on dapagliflozin, I will say that we are working with the agency to fully integrate everything going forward, because we had anticipated that this agent should be exhaustively studied in terms of safety and efficacy, we had already designed a very large trial studying characteristics of safety. I think the addition of the CV guidelines won’t materially impact. I don’t have the filing schedule, but I don’t have a specific filing date to announce at this time. AZ and Bristol-Myers are working very hard and I think we can incorporate all of the guidelines in our planned dapagliflozin program. I did mean to say with saxagliptin we will see Phase III data at the ADA or at the European Society, so either in June or September and that is an important event for us. We also have exciting Phase IIv data on insulin refractory patients that we hope to submit and talk about at ADA in June.  With regard to saxagliptin I meant to say that one of the ways to differentiate is to capitalize on the pharmaceutical properties of saxagliptin. It is a very potent pill. It is a small pill that enables combination products to be more readily formulated. We worked out an exciting formulation with saxagliptin and metformin XR and we hope to have a US submission for the first once daily fixed dose combination of those two ingredients by the end of the year.
Lamberto Andreotti: As far as the overall financial crisis going on around the world and its possible affect on our business, let me first start by saying that we are not seeing much of an effect on the markets that are significant to us, our reference markets so far.  We are obviously looking at the evolution of the situation and we are very mindful of the possibility that less money will be available to individual payers and collective payers like the government and therefore there might be additional actions on prices or by the government to payers and there might be less money available by needy patients for their healthcare expenses and we have reflected some of that in our guidance of 2009. What we are convinced of is that we have a portfolio of products that are addressing significant unmet medical needs or medical needs and therefore we should be less affected than some others in this situation. We don’t have lifestyle products or secondary products. Our focus is on the innovative biopharmaceuticals and therefore we are a bit less negative about the short-term outlook than others. 
Operator:  Your final question comes from Tony Butler with Barclays Capital. 
Tony Butler - Barclays Capital :  Elliott it appears Orencia was somewhat neglected throughout this call, but I am curious if you could provide us with an update on the timing of psoriatic arthritis data release as well as lupus nephritis in generalized lupus. 
Elliott Sigal M.D., Ph.D:  Thank you, Tony. I never like to ignore Orencia, Orencia is doing very well on all accounts and we are excited about the developing life cycle extensions of new indications as well as new formulations; so the big events this year that I tell people about, that I am looking forward to is the subcutaneous program is producing Phase II data, safety data first that we hope to have at the American College of Rheumatology in October. At that meeting as well we should have Phase II data on psoriatic arthritis. Last year we had a Phase II study on lupus that informed how our generalized lupus program should move forward in Phase III and that work continues. The lupus nephritis Phase III study is continuing and I don’t believe we will see that data this year. But, Orencia remains exciting both in the market and in clinical development.
John Elicker:  Thanks Tony, and thanks everybody for your questions. I am going to turn the call over to Jim for some closing remarks. 
James Cornelius:  These can be quite brief. We have made tremendous progress in 2008 on the BioPharma strategy and we expect that progress to continue into 2009 as evidenced by our guidance range.  Operating performance is improving and we continue to project the three year earnings per share compounded growth rate at 15% and I am particularly pleased about our productivity efforts as we make headway on those and raise our profit margin. Thanks everybody for taking the time and attention this morning.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael York - Senior Director of IR Daniel M. Bradbury - President and CEO Mark G. Foletta - Sr. VP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray Thomas J Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Margaret (Meg) Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners LLC Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Philip Nadeau - Cowen & Company Thomas McGahren - Merrill Lynch William Ho - Bank of America
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Bruneil and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like welcome everyone to the Q3 2008 Amylin Pharmaceuticals' Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remark there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael York, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael York - Senior Director of Investor Relations: Good afternoon, and welcome to Amylin Pharmaceuticals quarterly update conference call. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today's press release and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed on today's call. Let me introduce the other members of the Amylin management team here today, Daniel Bradbury, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Dan Bradbury.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Michael. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. In the face of an increasingly challenging environment for biopharmaceutical companies, in the third quarter we reported strong quarterly revenue, while reducing our operating expenses quarter-over-quarter. We are focused on managing our cash and maintaining a strong balance sheet. In that regard, today we're pleased to announce completion of a product supply agreement for exenatide once weekly in which Eli Lilly and Company will make an initial cash payment of $125 million to Amylin and we will reimburse this for their share up to more than $500 million capital investment in the West Chester, Ohio facility through the cost of goods sold for exenatide once weekly. Additionally, the agreement with Lilly makes available $165 million line of credit, dollar line of credit. This agreement not only demonstrates our close working relationship with Lilly but it also further strengthens our balance sheet and provides us with financial flexibility in the future. We will continue to manage the company towards sustainable, profitable growth and we are very focused on preserving options for the future by conservatively managing our cash. Mark and I will comment on this further later in the call. Now, as we work towards building our diabetes product portfolio we are driving near-term value by growing BYETTA and SYMLIN and bringing exenatide once weekly to market as quickly as possible. With regards to BYETTA as you know in August the FDA updated information on its website about cases of pancreatitis that have been reported with patients taking BYETTA. To be clear we believe that the safety profile and the robust benefits of BYETTA make it a valuable medicine for patients with Type 2 diabetes. However, the FDA update and the associated discussion and media coverage naturally impacted our BYETTA commercial efforts. To address this we and our partner Lilly developed and executed a plan to shift resources and educate the healthcare community about what the FDA's update meant and what it did not. With these efforts the continued unmeet need in diabetes management and the overall value of this therapy to patients, decisions continued to bleed in the medicine and BYETTA prescriptions have remained resilient. We believe that BYETTA prescriptions will return to growth and I will detail our efforts to make that happen later on the call. In light of the strategic shift to focus more commercial efforts on BYETTA during the quarter SYMLIN performed well. Now as you are aware the regulatory environment is challenging. We remain confident that within this quarter we will finalize label updates of BYETTA and I will discuss this in more detail later on the call. Moving on to exenatide once weekly; based on our program execution in the third quarter and ongoing dialogue with the FDA, we continue on track for the exenatide once weekly regulatory submission by the end of first half of 2009. We also continue to execute our clinical strategy to establish a superior profile for exenatide once weekly compared to other diabetes medicines. Before I get into more detailed discussion of recent activities, I'll now turn things over to Mark Foletta to review our financial results released earlier today.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Dan, and good afternoon. Earlier this afternoon, we announced our financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2008. We reported total revenue of $218.4 million for the third quarter, which includes net product sales of $201.4 million. Product sales are made up of a $179.9 million for BYETTA and $21.5 million for SYMLIN resulting in third quarter growth in product sales of approximately 14% compared to 2007 an increase of 1% from the second quarter of 2008. Our revenue under collaborative agreements was $17 million compared to $12.6 million for the same period in 2007. The increase reflects higher cost sharing payments from Lilly to development expenses for BYETTA and exenatide once weekly. Cost of goods sold was $23.4 million reflecting a gross margin of approximately 88%. This compares to cost of goods sold of $13.8 million for the third quarter of 2007 and gross margin of approximately 92%. Gross margin decreased year-over-year primarily because of increased discounting, higher production cost for BYETTA and our product mix including the introduction of the SYMLIN pen which has a higher cost of goods sold in the via presentation. Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the third quarter of 2008 were $99.7 million compared to $87.7 million for the same period in 2007. The increase reflects cost associated with the company's expanded field force, investments in market development activities for exenatide once weekly and continued investment in promotional activities for BYETTA and SYMLIN. Research and development expenses were $73.5 million for the third quarter of 2008, compared to $61.5 million for the same period in 2007. The increase primarily reflects higher development expenses for exenatide once weekly. Non-GAAP research and development expenses net of cost sharing payments increased to $57.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 compared to $49.9 million for the same period in 2007. As a reminder we are reimbursed by Lilly to share exenatide development cost and we believe that this net R&D number is a better indicator of activities at Amylin. I'd like to note that operating expenses in the third quarter were approximately $13 million or 7% lower than the second quarter. This reduction reflects deliberate efforts to reduce spending. I will comment more on this in a moment. Lilly share the gross margin for BYETTA with throughput to its collaborative profit sharing was $80.6 million for the third quarter of 2008 compared to $75 million for the same period in 2007. We recorded an impairment loss of $14.9 million or $0.11 a share for the quarter ended September 30, 2008. This primarily represents a recognized impairment loss of $9 million in a minority equity investment in a privately held entity and $5.9 million associated with a corporate debt security in the company's short-term investment portfolio. Amylin's short-term investment practices are designed to safeguard and protect investment principle in light of difficult market conditions we have and we'll continue to be conservative in our investing practices. We reported a net loss of $77.7 million or $0.57 per share for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 compared to a net loss of $39.8 million or $0.30 per share for the same period in 2007. At the end of the third quarter, we held $805 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments which does not include the $125 million we will soon receive as part of today's announced product supply agreement with Lilly, which I will discuss in more detail in a moment. I will now quickly review top and bottom-line results for the nine months ended September 30, 2008. Total revenue was $637.6 million consisting a product sales of $580.4 million which grew nearly 15% over the prior year and revenue under collaborative agreement of $57.2 million. This compares to total revenue of $559 million and product sales of $506.7 million in 2007. Net product sales for 2008 consist of $515.9 million for BYETTA and $64.5 million for SYMLIN. Our net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2008 was $211.3 million or a $1.54 per share compared to a $134.2 million or $1.2 per share for the same period in 2007. As Dan mentioned earlier today, we announced completion of a product supply agreement in which Lilly will make an initial cash payment of a $125 million in the next few days. And we will supply exenatide once weekly for sales in the U.S. and to Lilly for sales outside of the United States. In addition, to the $125 million upfront payment, Lilly will reimburse that for their share of the more than $500 million of capital investment in the West Chester, Ohio facility through cost of goods sold for exenatide once weekly. As part of this overall supply arrangement, Lilly will make available to Amylin a $165 million line of credit that we can draw upon, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2009 through the second quarter 2011. Any debt from the credit facility will be due three years from the date of the full amount drawn over the second quarter of 2014 whichever occurs first. Importantly, this agreement strengthens our balance sheet today and provide additional financial flexibility in the future. I would now like to highlight some information regarding key trends and assumptions for the remainder of 2008. Consistent with our strategy of managing our business to create a profitable company we will continue to manage our operating expenses in line with our revenue expectation. We have included in the numbers today non-cash stock-based compensation expense, an estimated $80 million in aggregate, covering expenses for both stock options and our employee stock ownership plan. We are lowering our total revenue guidance for 2008 to $850 million to $875 million, this reflects reduced BYETTA expectations and lower collaborative revenue of between $80 million and $90 million consistent with an expected reduction in research and development expenses which I will discuss in a moment. Based on our assessment of gross margins in first three quarters of the year, we believe that we will record gross margins of approximately 87% for the year. This reduction from our previous guidance of 88% reflects higher product cost as I mentioned earlier. We now expect that our selling, general and administrative expenses will be between $410 million and $420 million for 2008. This lowered range reflects increased efficiency and focused efforts on core activity. Our SG&A expense guidance also includes approximately $50 million of stock-based compensation expense. Consistent with our lowered expectation of collaborative revenue discussed previously, we now expect that our research and development expenses will also be lower for 2008 at a range of $300 million to $310 million. This includes approximately $30 million of stock-based compensation expense. Importantly, this reduction in spending will not impact our ability to execute on our plan as we have increased efficiency and focused our spending on activities to drive near-term value. Furthermore, we are continuing to pursue options to offset the R&D expense associated with our obesity, an early stage program through potential partnerships and/or project plans. And, we now expect our net interest expense excluding the impairment charges I discussed earlier to be approximately $5 million. Lastly, we expect to finish 2008 with over $800 million in cash with financial flexibility in the future. We anticipate the cash used for operations and cash used for capital expenditures will decrease going forward. We will provide additional guidance at our year end call in January. In summary, we have taken deliberate action in our business throughout 2008 through a line of spending to revised revenue expectation. We believe the net impact of today's revised revenue and expense guidance will not result in a change in expected operating results for 2008. And improving operating results will continue to be a high priority in future quarters. I will be available at the end of the call to answer any questions. And I will now turn the call back to Dan for an update on recent business activity.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mark. Now, I will provide a commercial update starting with BYETTA and then moving on to SYMLIN. BYETTA; is the first and only FDA approved incretin mimetic, a new class of drugs that mimics the action of the human hormone glucagon-like peptide-1. We have marketed BYETTA for more than three years and has been used by approximately 1 million patients. Importantly, BYETTA is the only medicine currently available that addresses the significant unmet need for a Type 2 diabetes treatment that achieves powerful, sustained glucose control with weight loss and a favorable safety profile. As I stated earlier BYETTA prescriptions are resilient in the face of significant environmental challenges. In the third quarter, we saw modest decrease in BYETTA prescriptions compared with second quarter which we believe is mainly attributable to the FDA update. Moving forward we expect sales to stabilize and then grow over time as doctors and patients better understand the facts about BYETTA and are able to better understand the benefit risk profile of the medicine. Today, I am going to report on the sales progress we are seeing as a result of the key market accelerators introduced last quarter. Our enhanced marketing approach and more closely aligned sales organization. I will also detail how these initiatives enabled our response to the FDA update. We believe these factors will drive BYETTA sales overtime and ensure we can effectively launch exenatide once weekly when approved. First, let's take a minute and discuss our response to the FDA update in August. As you know in mid-August the FDA issued an update to a prior alert for BYETTA regarding absurd cases of pancreatitis. To address the FDA alert with our customers, our field sales and medical teams rapidly educated the healthcare community about what the FDA's update meant. In fact, Amylin and Lilly changed together re-prescribed this accounting for three quarters of BYETTA prescriptions in just two weeks. Customers told us they appreciated the education and information which enabled them to make more informed decisions about patient care. We have since seen a large drop off in questions and concerns and our sales teams have returned to our core BYETTA messages. Those are that BYETTA continues to exhibit a robust benefit risk profile to patients with Type 2 diabetes and meet the large unmet need in diabetes management offering powerful and sustained A1C reductions with weight loss, improved list of parameters, decreased blood pressure and a low risk of hypoglycemia. I'd now like to highlight what we believe will accelerate the market for BYETTA and the class. In the third quarter, we saw continued progress with the market accelerators for BYETTA and GLP-I class that were present at the American Diabetes Association in June, where scientific presentations and conversations among the medical community focused on shifts that are needed in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes. The potential of the class and the benefits of BYETTA. A study examining the triple combination therapy of metformin, thiazolidinedione and exenatide as early initiation therapy to address known pathophysiologic defects in Type 2 diabetes patients as advocated by Dr. Ralph DeFronzo in the influential Banting Lecture at ADA is now underway. Based on the findings expected in 2010, this study has the potential to change the way diabetes is treated in it's earlier stages and importantly establish a unique position for exenatide in the treatment paradigm. At the associate, the European Association for the study of diabetes meeting in September, we presented the first head-to-head study comparing BYETTA and Sitigliptin a, DPP-4 inhibitor. There has been some confusion in the marketplace about the mechanisms of action between BYETTA and Sitigliptin and data from this study show the clear difference in the therapeutic actions. Patients on BYETTA experience significantly lower post meal glucose levels, improved measures of beta cell function and decreased food intake. As the medical community increasingly recognizes the potential of GLP-1 class, a medicine such as BYETTA which provides powerful sustained glucose control with weight loss and other benefits is uniquely poised to growth. In the third quarter we benefited from the refined sales and marketing initiatives that were fully implemented on July 1st to help us better communicate with doctors and patients. As a result of the expanded and better aligned Amylin and Lilly sales force we have seen an improvement in key performance indicators including increased share of voice, call time with physicians and cold dialogue. Additional indicators reflect the expanded market and patient support programs for the primary care market is having a positive effect. These programs are designed to better support BYETTA patients, new starts and improved long-term patient adherence. Further, the targeted access to education program for primary care physicians which underscores to more than 85%access to BYETTA across commercial managed care providers is in place. The results of the market accelerators and our enhanced marketing and sales efforts will be realized over the coming months towards growing BYETTA sales. We will continue to watch three key areas to determine we are on the right track towards increased prescriptions. One; an increased understanding of the importance of treating both A1C and weight in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes. Two, increased recall of BYETTA's core messages and three, increased new patient starts on BYETTA. Now, let's move on to SYMLIN. A synthetic analog of human Amylin and naturally occurring hormone that is made in the beta cells of the pancreas, the same cells that make insulin. SYMLIN; is the first and only Amylin mimetic, it's key benefits are that it provides mealtime glucose control and weight loss to patients who use mealtime insulin. In light of the strategic shift to focus more commercial efforts on BYETTA during the quarter, SYMLIN performed well, with a modest reduction in revenue to $21.5 million. As a result of our field force retaining to core BYETTA messages in customer interactions, we have also retained our focus to SYMLIN core messages, which will aid our efforts in growing the SYMLIN brand going forward. I'd now like to provide an update on regulatory discussions and development programs. At this time, we are in discussion with the FDA on label updates for BYETTA including the monotherapy indication, revision of safety language, data on exenatide use in patients between the ages of 12 and 16. Concomitant use with oral contraceptives and conversion of the package insert to the recently mandated physician labeling roll format referred to as PLR format. The key goal of both the FDA and Amylin is to ensure labeling provides adequate information for prescribers so they are able to prescribe medicines with full knowledge of the medicines benefit risk profile. We anticipate finalizing these by the label changes by the end of 2008. As a reminder we submitted our regulatory application for use of BYETTA as monotheraphy in the first quarter of 2008. Though the FDA has a heavy work load, and there are internal resource constraints of the agency, we are having ongoing conversations and anticipate a regulatory decision by the end of the year. When approved healthcare professionals will have the freedom to expand BYETTA usage along with treatment continuum as either standalone or combination therapy. A monotherapy indication will also allow even better pay of coverage in some plants thereby increasing patient access to BYETTA. We also continue to investigate in epidemiologic studies regarding adverse events associated with diabetes medicines. These studies provide insight into the safety profile for these medications within large sub sects of the population wherein base line characteristics are known. Now moving along I will share with you the latest developments regarding exenatide once weekly the next planned medicine in our pipeline. This product candidate is poised to become the first once weekly therapy to treat Type 2 diabetes with unprecedented dual efficacy defined as powerful glucose control and sustained weight loss. This is durable control that is offered in just one dose per week and provides improved tolerability with breakthrough convenience. As a reminder in the second quarter we had our pre-NDA meeting with the FDA to discuss the open items for our regulatory submission. Following these and subsequent discussions we continue to believe that the DURATION 1 study we reported last year provides the necessary safety and efficacy data for a submission and continue to plan on submitting an NDA before the end of the first half of 2009. During our pre-NDA meeting, we received more clarity on our strategy for showing comparability between the material manufactured at our facility in Ohio and the intermediate scale material used in the clinical studies to-date. We continue to execute this strategy, and we have now shared data from our in vitro-in vivo correlation or IVIVC studies with the FDA. This data is currently under review. As we've said in the past, this is a data driven process and until the FDA determines that this data is sufficient to show comparability we are reiterating our previous guidance on timing of a submission. We also have made great progress by finalizing the commercial scale manufacturing process at our Ohio facility. Indeed, we have already produced and shipped commercial scale material which has been used in ongoing clinical trial since the third quarter. This includes use of commercial scale material in our second path to demonstrate comparability to cross over patients from the extension of DURATION-1. The third path, we previously discussed to demonstrate comparability is a new bleaching study which would likely include both pharmacokinetic and clinical endpoints, if needed the design of the study will be finalized following input and guidance from the agency. Now, as you understand there are specifics of our interactions with the FDA that we are not able to share with you at this time. This is consistent ensuring that we meet the requirements of the agency. We will not speculate on potential FDA action regarding the data dependent nature of our regulatory path going forward. Moving on now to clinical data, DURATION-1 findings were presented at the American Diabetes Association and the European Association for the study of diabetes 2008 scientific meeting as well as published in the September 2008 issue of the Lansic [ph]. The data showed that continuous study state levels of exenatide provide durable glycemic control with weight loss. Additionally, improved glucose control was seen in patients switching after 30 weeks to exenatide once weekly, from exenatide taken twice a day. After 52 weeks, patients in both treatment groups experienced an average A1C decline of 2%. This level of A1C decline is unprecedented in a study of this type in patients with a mean baseline of A1C of 8.3% at entry. 74% of all patients achieved an endpoint A1C of 7% or less. Furthermore, patients in both treatment groups reported a sustained average weight loss of 9.5%. Based on our confidence from these data, we put in place an aggressive clinically relevant program that compares exenatide once weekly against competing products that demonstrates superiority. The objective of these studies is to support the launch and demonstrate the transformational nature of exenatide once weekly therapy. These trials are on track. In the third quarter, we completed enrollment of DURATION-2 which compares exenatide once weekly against the TZD and a DPP-4 inhibitor on a background of metformin therapy. We expect results from this study in the first half of 2009. We are currently enrolling DURATION-3 comparing exenatide once weekly against insulin glargine on a background of oral agent therapy and look forward to reporting results in mid-2009. DURATION-4, looking at exenatide as standalone therapy against either metformin, TZD or DPP-4 inhibitor we'll begin later this year. Additionally, given the positive effects on cardiovascular surrogate outcomes seen with exenatide, the encouraging data seen in the ACCORD trial and the current regulatory interest in cardiovascular outcomes, we have engaged a steering committee composed of outside experts to assist us in designing a robust cardiovascular outcomes trial. This design will be reviewed with the agency with plans to initiate patient enrollment in 2009. Clearly, we're actively positioning the exenatide franchise for near and long-term success and addressing the possible entrants of competitors in our classes. The powerful durable results from the exenatide trials, the three years of BYETTA's experience on the market and the stellar results from the DURATION-1 trial are compelling proof that exenatide is the best molecule in the class as a twice a day product now and as a once a week product in the future. Also I would note that given exenatide's potency we are continuing to study with our partners the potential for less frequent dosing regimen as well as non-invasive dosing form. Now, I will move on to describe our significant opportunities in obesity. We previously announced our commitment to pursue a medicine for obesity that is a combination of pramlintide, an analog of human amylin and metreleptin, an analog of human leptin. This commitment is based on impressive study results, 12.7% reduction in body weight over 24 weeks when pramlintide and metreleptin were used together. In the third quarter we completed enrollment of the Phase 2B study to evaluate different dosing combinations of pramlintide and metreleptin. This six months multi-arm study with approximately 600 patients enrolled will be completed in mid-2009. We believe this product candidate has the promise to meet the unmet medical need for a highly effective and safe weight loss therapy. Another exciting opportunity we have in our pipeline is our second generation Amylin mimetic AC2307 which we have now moved into Phase 2. We expect results from this study in the second half of 2009. AC2307 is an Amylin analog optimized for obesity with increased potency that offers the potential to enhance the efficacy and less frequent dosing. Lastly at the Obesity Society's annual scientific meeting in the beginning of October, we presented scientific data through 11 oral and poster presentation showcasing progress in our obesity pipeline. In addition to pramlintide metreleptin, and Ac2307, new findings were also presented on various pre-clinical program including a new white family mimetic and Amylin's peptide hybrid, or hybrid platform. And as Mark mentioned earlier, we are actively managing our R&D expenses. This includes pursuing options to offset the R&D expense associated with our obesity and early stage programs through potential partnerships and/or project financing. I'll add just a few more comments before we close. At Amylin, our goal is to be a sustainable, profitable company. In the coming months, we will further evolve our business model to be more flexible enabling us to maximize market opportunities and anticipate changes in our environment. To that end we will continue to increase our operational efficiency by looking at spending across our business to further focus spending on driving value and improving operating results. This will allow us to extend available cash and enable investments in growth program. At this time, we remain well positioned with a strong balance sheet and future financial flexibility which will enable us to execute our plans. In the near-term, I want to make it clear that this year we are focused on one; driving BYETTA and SYMLIN growth and two; completing the NDA submission for exenatide once weekly as soon as possible. Finally, to end; I would like to make some comments about the environment in which we operate. Today, we are experiencing the most challenging environment the biopharmaceutical industry has seen in decades, many would say ever. However, we believe that by bringing innovated medicines to patients, inventors and investors will be rewarded. Although the path to getting there maybe more challenging than in the past. We acknowledge this and we are making the necessary changes in our business to ensure shareholder value is maximized. With that, I will conclude the formal portion of today's call. And turn things back over to the operator for your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Thomas Wei from Piper Jaffray.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Just a housekeeping question about the sales for the quarter were actually about better than what the IMS data would have suggested any one time factors there? And then question on pancreatitis I guess I am curious like you are hearing from the seal when you break it down by end dose versus GPs any difference in the reaction there or the challenges that you see going forward and when do you think a reasonable timeframe is to judge the performance of the sales force to better the next quarter are you looking now into a timeframe into 2009? Thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Thomas, thanks very much for your question. Maybe Mark you could take the first part of Thomas's question and then I'll answer the second part.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Certainly Thomas I think your question was how do we look at the revenue growth of 1% compared to a small decline in scripts quarter-over-quarter. And I think the way you should be thinking about that really is the third quarter did include a couple extra shipping days. So that's really the predominant reason we view it as huge channel inventories as consistent with where they were at the end of the second quarter.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: And Thomas just to answer the second part of your question, you are asking about the perception differences between primary care physician and endocrinologist with regards to the FDA alert on pancreatitis. I think at this point what we would say is that with regards to our target audience we're seeing pretty consistent responses with regards to their understanding of the data and impact as I mentioned on my pre-prepared remarks the number of questions relating to this has dropped off considerably and these days actually is a rare occurrence and in core with endocrinologist or a primary care physician. To a point relating to the expanded field force and adjusted marketing strategy that we started in the third quarter certainly the FDA alert was very much a speed bump with regard to our efforts to grow the BYETTA franchise. My expectation is that we will continue through the end of this quarter to see impact from the FDA alert but thereafter we'll be able to grow the product going forward.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Russo from Baird.
Thomas J Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Hi, Dan thanks, for taking the question. Just wondering it's with the noble sweet 6 extension trials seems as if they are setting up to ask not only for new patients but also for patients which is... and I was just wondering if assuming they do make it on to the market next year, what you'll able to do prepared to counter that?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Tom, thanks for the question. Well, it's difficult for us to judge the likelihood of Lira-glutide making it's the market given that we haven't seen their entire data set. However, I would comment that I think that it's clear that there is significant opportunity in the GLP-1 class in general to grow the market going forward. And so, while so I understand the data that they have presented in lead-6. I do believe that the opportunity really lies in expanding the market both in the GLP-1 area. I would, sort of comment that the lead-6 data is inconsistent with other peer reviewed and published data for exenatide. In previous open label clinical trials abided the range of absolute A1C reduction was greater than was reported in the lead-6 study in being between 1% and 1.5%. And so, as seen stand at the moment, I think we have the opportunity to present a cluster of data, which is significantly greater in volume and also in review, than it's currently available with regards to the lead-6. To the point you made at this time BYETTA is the first and the only FDA approved GLP-1 receptor agonist and another key point is that of course it's been available now for over three years and has a very, very significant safety database having been exposed to approximately a million patients. So these points I think will be important in physicians consideration of prescribing going forward.
Thomas J Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And just real quick I don't know if you will be able to provide this or not but, do you have any sense at this point with regard to the pancreatitis warning language whether it's more likely to be an update within the current section label or more likely to move up towards the top?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Tom, I really can not comment on our ongoing interactions with the FDA. What I would say is that of the leaf is that the posting that the agency made on the -- in the local came out in mid-August language consistent with that is likely to included in our label.
Thomas J Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay thanks very much.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meg Malloy from Goldman Sachs.
Margaret (Meg) Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research: Thanks. I guess first quick question Dan you have kind of characterized the FDA alert as a speed bump and indicated that in recent weeks, the questions on pancreatitis has dropped off yet, I don't like you are not expecting BYETTA growth in the fourth quarter am I right in that assumption if I am why?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Meg. So certainly I mean I was trying to ensure that there was appropriate characterization in terms of the understanding of what the agencies posting was in terms of our overall understanding of the benefit risk profile of BYETTA. In terms of the fourth quarter revenue, I think that it's fair to say that if you look at our guidance that Mark gave out earlier, what we're looking at is fairly consistent revenue quarter-on-quarter from third to fourth quarter.
Margaret (Meg) Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research: I guess the question is what is it going to take to grow the product?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think there is a number of things that are trying to be important in growing a product I mentioned a number in my pre-prepared marks I would step back from just a overall the most important thing I think that's going to enable us to try the product going forward is really greater recognition of the benefit that BYETTA brings to the patients. The unmet medical need is continuing to grow in Type 2 diabetes. And the potential of the plant is increasingly recognized. I do think that going forward that this will be recognized in the way the guidelines have been put together in particular practice guidelines consistent with conversations that occurred at the American Diabetes Associations meeting and also at the European Association for the study of diabetics meeting as well. Clearly we were dealing within the third quarter an unexpected event and that has not enabled us to fully realize the benefits of the sales and marketing changes that we did make at the beginning of the third quarter. Of course various benefits will be I think will stop to have a greater impact inventory... follow at the beginning of the year once we get passed also getting agreement with the agency on the change in the BYETTA label as we.
Margaret (Meg) Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research: And thanks that was helpful. If I can just have two quick follow-ups one if what is the expectations about... what are the expectations about guidelines and potential changes and timelines for guidelines? And then separately do you have a sense of the timeline for when we may have more data on the incidents of pancreatitis from a broader database?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: So with regards to the first question, unfortunately I don't control the timing of the issuance of guidelines, what I can tell you is that, I know that a substantial numbers of discussions have occurred with regard to guidelines and I would expect to see that some guidelines will be issued in the near future. With regards to the epidemiologic studies that we have undertaken, we are moving as fast as we can to complete all the analyses on those and I expect that during 2009, that we will be publishing data from those epidemiologic studies.
Margaret (Meg) Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Osborne from Lazard.
Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: Hi and thank you for taking the question, just a quick one. Could you get a chance to look at the earliest database reporting that was updated this afternoon from the FDA?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: We did have a chance to see that Matt. We constantly review those databases and just to say that the database is consistent with what we've previously reported on our conference call last quarter.
Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And then just here a quick take, did you see any death facility to pancreatitis due to BYETTA?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well in FDA update... database there were some new reports that when previously in the database those are consistent with what we previously had reported on the conference call we had last quarter.
Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, great. And can you remind us in the DURATION trials 1 and through 4, what are the pre-specified cardiovascular data that you are looking at in these trials?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Certainly not yet in the DURATION-1 through 4 studies we are measuring the ends point of blood pressure triglycerides, HDL, LDL and we're also looking at some other additional surrogate cardiovascular endpoints in varying degrees, in different sub sects of populations.
Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: Great. Thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Salveen Kochnover from Collins Stewart.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Brian [ph] in place of Salveen. The first is can you break up the stock option expenses for the quarter? And second is, can you tell us exactly what the IVIVC data was, that you turned into the FDA and, when do you expect to hear back from the FDA, and the path forward there? And the last one is, what is the latest point you can begin? A bridging study which is sounds like the worst case scenario and still at the filing timeline?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Hi Brian [ph] yes, Mark, do you want to answer that stock option?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Brian [ph], I'll take the first one. In the third quarter, we recorded $18 million of stock compensation. Importantly that includes both the stock options and ESOP of plan $11 million in SG&A and $7 million in R&D expenses. And if you want to breakdown of the $18 million, $14 million of that is associated with options and $4 million is associated with the ESOP.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, and Brian with regards to your question about the IVIVC study it's pretty complicated things going to details on a call but just to say that this was a study that we have designed to look at in-vitro test versus a in-vivo finding, the in-vivo finding being looking at PK levels, drug levels that is in man compared with an in-vitro test that we conducted. And what we were able to demonstrate in that study was strong correlation between what we've seen in-vitro versus in-vivo. That data has been submitted, the timing of review of that data was it's really dependant upon the agency we have no control, there is no control over the timing of that study being reviewed. We hope to have response from the agency in the near future. However, I think it's fair to say that we're dependent upon the agencies review cycle for that. With regards to your second... your final question regarding the third path forward as I mentioned on the call that the design of the study would be finalized following input from the agency. So at this time it's not possible to give you a specific time with regards to when and if you would have to start that study. As I mentioned we are pursuing two other strategies and we're confident in those strategies going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya from Thomas Weisel.
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners LLC: I will hop in your last comment Dan. Can you talk about the back-up strategies in the event that the IVIVC studies are accepted by the FDA? And now your backup strategy is consistent with any feedback that you might have gotten from the FDA in the second quarter?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: So Ian I have to be careful here. Because as I mentioned on the call, we need to be careful about our interactions, that we have with the agency. At this time, what I would say to you is that the IVIVC strategy is consistent with the feedback that we've received... the submission is consistent with expectations relative to feedback that we received from the agency. Additionally, the DURATION-1 crossover study is ongoing and we already have considerable amount of data that is being generated from crossover of patients through previously owned intermediate scaling material and known commercial scaling material. With respect to the need to undertake a new bleaching study at this time, we have decided that is not to be undertaken based on, we are waiting for feedback on the agency are the other key strategies.
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners LLC: And how long, would abridging study take start to finish?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ian, as I mentioned earlier and in response to Brian's questions is dependent upon... only dependent upon input and further guidance from the agency.
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners LLC: Okay, thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan.
Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan: Hi, good afternoon guys, thanks for taking the question. First question, I guess is for Mark modeling questions regarding today's supply agreement with Lilly and with that first of all how should we account or how do you plan on accounting for the upfront fees they are going to be amortized over the life of the agreement or is it something that hits the P&L at once? And then secondly with regards to the reimbursement of the significant capital investments you've made and going against COGS is that going to not begin until exenatide once weekly is on the market or that begin going against current manufacturing of commercial material that I assume being rationalized in R&D?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, Cory you had good question. Let me kind of set this up for you. Thanks for the question. I think that it's the highest level I want to make sure you understand this agreement today which is really important for us and Lilly we believe. It essentially compensates at both for the Lilly share of capital that as I said will be reimbursed in cost to goods sold over time. And also compensates us for the cost of that carry that capital over a period of time. And essentially we think getting the payment of approximately $500 million plus overtime is an efficient way to recover that cost because this will be a global facility which we'll provide material for both the United States market and the OUS market as you know there is a differential economics there. So to your second question really we will record that, as we commence product sales as we're recording cost of goods sold. With respect to the upfront and, which is really done mostly to compensate us for the cost of carrying that capital for the $125 million. I think the most important answer to your question is the debit goes to cash and the credit will be deferred on our balance sheet and we believe it'll be recognized over a period of time estimated to be the useful life of -- the estimated life of exenatide once weekly, probably 10 to 15 years through our income statement.
Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan: Okay, all right, that's very helpful. And then my next question is for Dan. Going back to this idea of comparability in the timing of the filing and everyone is very focused on getting this done as quickly as possible, but even in the case of the FDA indeed, deems of the IVIVC data is, does sufficiently demonstrate comparability. Are you absolutely going to proceed immediately with your following is there any chance that you would consider holding often till the second quarter anyway to learn from the panel and also be able to submit a more robust 120 days safety update considering that DURATION-3 and 4 at least to that point would be more complete?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Cory I guess sorry Phil, I guess answer to your question would be that it will be dependent of course on the feedback that we get from the agency. I wouldn't speculate on this at this time. Our expectations at this time is that once we do with the feedback from the agency and assuming that would be positive then we would proceed with the filing as quickly as possible.
Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan: Okay. And then with the ongoing marketing of BYETTA and you are talking about the questions on pancreatitis have come down, are there any other common genes that are out there anything potential that's new as far as push back principally from the primary care marketplace whether it's the BID dosing or the GI or something that is that's new that's come up that may is another hurdle you have to clear?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Not at this time, no.
Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan: Okay. And then lastly I just want to clarify something from the first question that Thomas asked. Mark you said there has been no inventory stocking ahead of the recent price increase if you took?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: We really said, was we believe the channel inventory appropriately supports patient demand and it's comparable to the demand that we saw at the end of the second quarter at the levels of days if you will in the channels that what we're talking in the second quarter.
Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan: Okay.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: We can't try it Cory, if you we do here we characterize that the third quarter did have a couple of extra shipping days.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Cory.
Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan: Okay, all right. Thanks, for taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen & Company: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. The first is actually just a follow-up to the last two, just still I am unclear. If you don't need to do a new bridging study, would you have to change your guidance for when LAR would be filed? Or is the need for new bridging study assumed in your Q2 '09 timelines?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: So Phil, I think, so to say that we've assumed in our Q2 timeline the need for bridging study, however the clarity around that cannot be... is not absolute, as we haven't had direct feedback from the agency, with regards to design of that study. And we would need feedback from the agency on the design of the study before proceeding with it.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen & Company: Okay, great, that's very clear. And then, my second question is on the timing of the label updates that you mentioned earlier. I believe, what is going to happen at the same time, meaning those, the BYETTA monotherapy label require you and the FDA coming to some agreement on pancreatitis language or is it possible, that you could get the BYETTA monotherapy label and some other updates following that?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, great question. Thanks very much Phil, I think I expect to say that at the moment, our expectation is that the label update would come into single label update. However, it is always possible that the agency might take a different tact and to approach these things independently. However, our conservations have been with respect to the totality of the label.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen & Company: Okay. And one last question technical question on pancreatitis and event rates. When you decided the event rate in the past of about one instance per 3,000 patients, what adjustment did you make for under reporting in any of the epidemiological databases that you've used to you know how the adjustments compare to what the FDA itself is doing?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Phil we've just in the past reported the epidemiologic data as we have received it. As it has been reported, we haven't made any adjustments in that regard and we have always been very deliberate and stating the facts of what we absolutely know as opposed to making any predictions.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen & Company: Okay. That's very helpful thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom McGahren from Merrill Lynch.
Thomas McGahren - Merrill Lynch: Hi, question for Mark, just on the noticable improvement there on the operational efficiencies. So that do you expect to use of cash to go down I guess going forward but that you talk about enhanced marketing sales opportunities I am just curious as to how you achieved better efficiencies this quarter and specifically what you are going to be doing going forward?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Tom thanks for the question. I think the way to really answer to that is the way we are looking at the business hard and really driving for efficiency across our business focused on the near-term value drivers which we see is certainly revenue growth and BYETTA and SYMLIN once weekly getting at to market and getting in the market prepared for it. And, focused investments on our obesity pipeline. Comments today regarding future quarters obviously there is only one more quarter in 2008 and I think we're saying as we're increasingly focused on that. As we did throughout 2008 we are adjusting our spending based upon expected revenues and that is our further priority for us as we move through this quarter and into 2009. And certainly, we'll provide you more guidance as to future quarters at our January year end call. I think the message we want to give you with is that we will be reducing the cash use from operations and with the completion of the plant in Ohio. We will also be reducing our capital expenditures in 2009.
Thomas McGahren - Merrill Lynch: Just a quick follow-up. In terms of timing for potentially partnering obesity program what are you thinking there?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Tom maybe I can answer that question. Tom, we continue to have to conversations with a number of potential partners, both financial and commercial partners with regards to the obesity program. We at this time we haven't provided any statistic guidance with regards to comments. However, I would comment that I believe that is important to when we enter into latest stage of development, where do we partner the obesity programs given the significant expenses involved in those programs.
Thomas McGahren - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Ho of Bank of America.
William Ho - Bank of America: I guess just with respect to the agreement with Lilly in the line of credit given your cash position, I guess my question is why now and ultimately how do you manage your business towards breaking even? What's required in terms of sales and cost savings on the operations line, especially since we are seeing growth in BYETTA slowing down as well as having competition coming through where advertised potentially next year?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, William. Yes, so the first part of your question was why now, I believe with regards to the agreement with Lilly and I mean the simple answer to that question is that, we undertook to build this facility. We have an ongoing collaboration agreement with Lilly and this agreement is consistent with that agreement. We undertook to commence the building of that facility earlier and this is really just truing up in consistent with our agreement with Lilly. With regards to--
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I other thing I will add because you specifically asked about the credit agreement and I actually missed that I am glad that you did come back to that in my earlier comments about compensating as for the cost of carrying this capital over time. The upfront payment obviously $125 million we received in day and having the availability of the $165 million on an unsecured basis enables us to have additional access to cash and really it was compensation through for the staff that we will not recover the entire cost of the facility for a number of years. And so really in our discussions with Lilly they stepped up and brought up to the table to help make it a fair result for both companies. I'll let Dan answer the second part of your question.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, so William I mean believe the second part of your question is really asking about guidance for the future and at this point we have only guided for this year. We don't provide long-term guidance of the type that you are asking about. What I would say is that we recognize that our environment is going to be increasingly challenging going forward. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks Amylin our goal is clearly to be a sustainable and profitable company. And that I did mention that we would further evolve our business model to be more flexible enabling us to maximize the market opportunities that we have and clearly a market opportunities to grow BYETTA and to grow SYMLIN as well as to accelerate the submission of exenatide once weekly so that, we can start generating revenue from exenatide once weekly going forward. We will need to be flexible in our approach to our business model, dependent on a wide range of different factors, that will affect our business going forward, including the timings and the nature of potential competition, which you indicated. So I would just say at this point, we continue to be very focused on this, we have made operational efficiency moves in this last quarter and we will continue to do that going forward to give ourselves the maximum numbers of options to become a profitable company in the future.
William Ho - Bank of America: Okay, thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached our allowed time for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Bradbury.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well just a few final remarks to say thank you to everybody for being on the call today. We appreciate your time and interest in the company. If there any additional questions, please contact Michael York in our Investor Relations department. I would finally finish by commenting at Amylin, we remained focused on driving BYETTA and SYMLIN growth and accelerating the NDA submission for exenatide once weekly. Thank you again for your interest today.
Operator: This does concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael York - Senior Director, IR Daniel M. Bradbury - President and CEO Mark G. Foletta - Sr. VP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray Margaret Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research William Ho - Bank of America Securities Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets Biren Amin - Stanford Group. Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Company Tom Russo - Baird
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to your Amylin Pharmaceuticals Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this point, all attendees are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. I would now like to turn the call over to Michael York, Senior Director of Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Michael York - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Good afternoon. Welcome to Amylin Pharmaceuticals quarterly update conference call. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today's press release and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed on today's call. Let me introduce the other members of the Amylin management team here today, Daniel Bradbury, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Dan Bradbury.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Michael. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. We made steady progress in the second quarter of 2008 across our near, mid, and long-term opportunities, executing against the strategy to build Amylin's diabetes portfolio and establish our presence in the obesity field. This strategy is consistent with our goal of creating a company that can increase shareholder value over time by producing sustainable growth. The importance of our focus on diabetes was once again highlighted this month when the Centers for Disease Control announced their latest estimate for the number of patients with diabetes in the United States. Clearly, the diabetes pandemic is growing at a faster rate than the overall population as the CDC updated the number of patients with diabetes in the US in 2007 to 23.6 million from 20.8 million in 2005, an increase of 13% over just two years. Also, one of the key takeaways from this year's American Diabetes Association meeting was that not only is glucose control important in managing diabetes; but how you manage it is critical too. A medicine such as BYETTA, which provides powerful durable glucose control with progressive weight loss and other benefits is uniquely poised to take advantage of the growing market. It was certainly an exciting ADA meeting for Amylin. We had more than 30 abstracts with eight oral presentations, including two of the five in the prestigious late breaking session. This demonstrates the breadth and depth of Amylin's scientific and clinical programs for both diabetes and obesity and reflects the tremendous interest among the medical community to our novel approach for developing first-in-class medicines. We're poised to take advantage of this interest, as starting earlier this year we undertook a number of initiatives to drive BYETTA revenue and we expect to see the impact of these changes in the second half of the year. SYMLIN continued to show steady growth in the second quarter with total prescriptions growing more than 5% quarter-over-quarter. Now, as you are fully aware, our mid-term plans focused on the exenatide once weekly program. Recently, commercial scale material from our Ohio facility has been produced and shipped for use in ongoing and planned clinical trials in the coming weeks. And I am also pleased to report that we had our pre-NDA meeting with FDA in the second quarter to discuss the open items for our regulatory submission. The meeting went well, and I'll discuss our regulatory path forward in a moment. Additionally, we are continuing to execute DURATION, the strong clinical superiority program designed to position exenatide once weekly for market dominance. For the long-term, we continue to make prudent investment decisions based on strong clinical data to advance our obesity program, and we'll continue to manage our expenses appropriately leveraging our assets to increase efficiency and assessing financing or partnership alternatives to offset expenses. I'll now turn things over to Mark Foletta to review our financial results.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Dan, and good afternoon. Earlier this afternoon, we announced our financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2008. We reported total revenue of $222 million for the second quarter, which includes net product sales of $200.3 million. Product sales are made up of $177.5 million for BYETTA and $22.8 million for SYMLIN, resulting in second quarter growth in product sales of nearly 20% compared to the second quarter of 2007, and an increase of 12% from the first quarter of 2008. As a reminder, BYETTA sales last quarter were impacted due to the reversal of wholesaler stocking that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2007. We believe that product revenues in the second quarter reflect patient demand and the channel inventory levels are comparable with where they were at the end of the first quarter. Our revenue under collaborative agreements was $21.7 million compared to $29.6 million for the same period in 2007. Collaborative revenues for the second quarter consists primarily of cost sharing payments from Eli Lilly and Company for development expenses associated with the exenatide franchise. As a reminder, collaborative revenues for the second quarter of 2007 included a $15 million milestone payment associated with Lilly's launch of BYETTA in the European Union. Cost of goods sold was $24.7 million reflecting a gross margin of approximately 88%. This compares to cost of goods sold of $14.4 million for the second quarter of 2007 and a gross margin of approximately 91%. Gross margin decreased year-over-year primarily because of increased discounting, higher production cost for BYETTA and our product mix including the introduction of the SymlinPen, which has a higher cost of goods sold in the vial presentation. Selling general and administrative expenses for the second quarter of 2008 were $111.1 million compared to $93.1 million for the same period in 2007. The increase primarily reflects sales and marketing expenses including expenses associated with the recent expansion of our field force, promotional expenses for BYETTA and SYMLIN, expenses associated with exenatide once weekly market development and modest increases in business infrastructure to support growth. Research and development expenses were $75.4 million for the second quarter of 2008 compared to $71.7 million for the same period in 2007. The increase primarily reflects higher development expenses for exenatide once weekly and to a lesser extent growth in our research capabilities. Research and development expenses net of cost sharing payments from Lilly on the exenatide portfolio decreased of $54.8 million for the second quarter compared to $58.2 million for the same period in 2007. As a reminder, we are reimbursed by Lilly to share exenatide development cost and we believe that this net R&D number is a better indicator of R&D activities at Amylin. Lilly's share of the gross margin for BYETTA, which we refer to as collaborative profit sharing was $79 million for the second quarter of 2008 compared to $70.4 million for the same period in 2007. We reported a net loss of $64.8 million or $0.47 per share for the quarter ended June 30th, 2008 compared to a net loss of $45 million or $0.34 per share for the same period in 2007. At the end of the second quarter, we held approximately $890 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. I will now quickly review top and bottom line results for the six months ended June 30th, 2008. Total revenue was $419.3 million dollars consisting of product sales of $379.1 million, which grew 15% over the prior year and revenue under collaborative agreements of $40.2 million. This compares to total revenue of $368.9 million and product sales of $329.3 million in 2007. Net product sales for 2008 consist of $336 million for BYETTA and $43.1 million for SYMLIN. Our net loss for the six months ended June 30, 2008 was $133.6 million, or $0.98 per share compared to $94.4 million, or $0.72 per share for the same period in 2007. I'd now like to highlight some information regarding key trends and assumptions for the remainder of 2008. We have included in these numbers non-cash stock based compensation expense, an estimated $85 million in aggregate, covering expenses for both stock options and our employee stock ownership plan. Our previous guidance for total revenues in 2008 of $900 million to $950 million included collaborative revenue of $100 million to $125 million. Our expectations for product revenue remain unchanged. And we now expect the collaborative revenue will be at the bottom of the range, consistent with expected decreases in research and development expenses, which I will discuss in a moment. Based on our assessment of gross margins in the first half of the year, we believe that we will maintain gross margins of approximately 88% for the remainder of the year. We continue to expect that our selling, general and administrative expenses for 2008 will be towards the lower end of our previous range of $425 million to $475 million. This range reflects costs associated with continued investment in commercial activities for BYETTA and SYMLIN, investments in pre-launch education activities for exenatide once weekly and appropriate investments in infrastructure to support our growing business. Our SG&A expense guidance also includes approximately $50 million of stock-based compensation expense. Consistent with our lowered expectation of collaborative revenue discussed previously, we now expect that our research and development expenses for 2008 will also be towards the lower end of our previous range of $325 million to $375 million. This includes approximately $35 million of stock-based compensation expense. Furthermore, we are pursuing options to offset the R&D expense associated with our obesity and early stage programs through potential partnerships and/or project financing. Finally, I would like to reaffirm our net interest income guidance of approximately $5 million in 2008. I'll be available at the end of the call to answer to any questions, and I will now turn the call back to Dan for an update on recent business activities.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark. First, I will provide a commercial update on BYETTA, the first and only FDA approved incretin mimetic, a new class of drug that mimics the action of the human hormone glucagon-like peptide-1. We have marketed BYETTA for more than three years and has been used by approximately 1 million patients. Importantly, BYETTA is the only medicine currently available that addresses the significant unmet need for the Type 2 diabetes treatment that achieves powerful, durable glucose control with progressive weight loss and a favorable safety profile. In the second quarter, we maintained a steady level of BYETTA prescriptions compared to the first quarter. Today, I am going to report on key market accelerators, our enhanced marketing approach, and our more closely aligned sales organization. Together we believe these factors will drive BYETTA sales and ensure we can effectively launch once weekly exenatide when approved. We got a tremendous assist in the second quarter towards building momentum for BYETTA and for exenatide once weekly. New market accelerators were prominent at the American Diabetes Association meeting in June. Simply put, exenatide was the news of ADA 2008. First, this year, we saw more scientific presentations about exenatide and the class to ADA than ever before. As these topics were featured in more than 159 independent and company-scientific presentations. Second, the influential Banting Lecture put BYETTA firmly in the spotlight. The 2008 Banting Medal recipient Dr. Ralph DeFronzo advocated for a new paradigm in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes and called for a change to the ADA treatment algorithm. His recommendations included in A1C target of less than 6% achieved by lifestyle modifications along with a triple combination therapy of metformin, PCDs and exenatide as early initial therapy to correct known pathophysiologic defects in Type 2 diabetes patients. The ADA is now funding a research study by Dr. DeFronzo to compare his proposed algorithm with the existing ADA algorithm in respect to long-term health benefits. Third, shortly as discussed and generally consented because it matters how doctors achieved tight glycemic control for patients with Type 2 diabetes. These discussions are an outcome from the seemingly contradictory findings of large scale trials including the ACCORD trial, Advanced trial and the veterans administration diabetes trial. These studies show the aggressive treatment of diabetes with older therapies can come with a price such as the risk of hyperglycaemia, weight gain or increased cardiovascular risk. We believe doctors are now more center typed to these issues and are looking at BYETTA and other treatment approaches that did not incur these risks. In fact, data presented from the ACCORD trial suggest that the mortality hazard ratio was reduced only for patients on BYETTA, which is confirmed is indicative of a strong trend towards decreased cardiovascular events for the medicine. Now, while the ACCORD study was not powered to look at this end point, many in the medical community have commented that this further supports the benefits of BYETTA. These events are notable because for the first time, it is the medical community and not Amylin or Lilly driving the conversation about the shifts that are needed in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and the potential of the class and the benefits of BYETTA. Specifically, we are starting to see that physicians, patients and payers are beginning to advocate for a new definition of efficacy, glucose control with weight loss and safety in the type 2 diabetes medicine. For safety, there is a new emphasis on medicines showing a low risk of hypoglycemia and low potential for exacerbating cardiovascular risk factors. Amylin is in an enviable position as we have the only available medicines that meet these criteria. We are in a position to leverage this emerging tide of support from the medical community and to translate it into BYETTA sales. In the second quarter, we executed a range of marketing and sales initiatives to better communicate with doctors and patients. First, during the quarter, we implemented the expanded and more closely aligned sales organization with our partner Lilly. As part of that execution, we initiated the BYETTA-CIALIS co-promotion at the end of the quarter. Second, we introduced an expanded program to communicate with primary care physicians about the benefits of BYETTA. Let me first discuss the expanded and more closely aligned sales organization. We optimized the sales force in concert with Lilly by expanding the overall number of representatives by 40% through the BYETTA-CIALIS co-promotion agreement. Concurrently, we expanded our primary care field force by 15% to allow alignment of our territories with Lilly to improve the reach and frequency of code on high prescribing primary care physicians. We also rolled out expanded physician and patient support programs for the primary care market. These programs are designed to better support patient new starts and to improve the long-term patient adherence. Further we are recruiting sales representatives with a targeted access education program for primary care physicians that reinforces the over 85% of access for BYETTA across commercial managed care providers. Next, I will discuss the messages to primary care physicians. The messages complement our expanded and more closely aligned sales force and will continue to evolve as we gain additional insights into what impact prescribing behaviors. In the first quarter, we began to emphasize that BYETTA provides powerful glucose control along with the products known weight benefits. We track key metrics and so about that message began to resonate early in the second quarter. These metrics included improved primary care physician recall of BYETTA brand messages. Looking closely for a recall of glycaemic control as the number one message followed by weight. Improved primary care physician comfort with prescribing BYETTA, which correlates to a greater understanding of what to expect from the medicine. Our research shows that doctors who have clearer expectations of BYETTA prescribed more. As we were raising the awareness about the potential for powerful glucose control with BYETTA, we learnt something rather surprising. Weight as a clinical parameter in the treatment of type 2 diabetes is undervalued by primary care physicians. To address this we evolved BYETTA messages and marketing tools to include education on the importance of weight as a clinical parameter in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. This complements the data demonstrating that BYETTA is a unique solution with opposite vantages of a reduction in A1C and a reduction in weight. We expect to start to see the impact of this latest message evolution during the second half of this year. In order to determine we are on the right track towards increased prescription, we will be watching for one, an increased understanding of the importance of treating both A1C and weight in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Two, increased record of BYETTA's core messages and three, increased new patient stocks on BYETTA. To be clear we look forward to seeing the results of the market accelerated and our enhanced marketing and sales efforts in the second half of 2008. Now lets move on to SYMLIN. A synthetic analog of human Amylin and naturally occurring hormone that is made in the beta cells of the pancreas. The same cells that make Insulin. Symlin is the first and only Amylin mimetic. Its key benefits are that it provides mealtime glucose control and weight loss to patients who use mealtime insulin. Symlin continued to show steady growth, with total prescriptions growing 5% for the second quarter over the first quarter. In the second quarter, Symlin Pen accounted to nearly 60% of new Symlin prescriptions and 40% of total Symlin prescriptions. Total sales for Symlin grows 13% quarter-over-quarter. In the same pain of improving the BYETTA patient experience we've continued to Symlin's support program. We have the live telephone support from medical professional is to aid new SYMLIN patients in the first few weeks of therapy and beyond. We are also pleased to report that within six months of the SymlinPen launch, we already have nearly 80% open access for SymlinPen with over 60% of covered lifes at Tier 2. Now I want to share with you the latest developments regarding exenatide once weekly, the next planned medicine in our pipeline. This product candidate is poised to become the first once weekly therapy to treat type 2 diabetes with unprecedented duel efficacy defined as powerful glycaemic control and sustained weight loss. This is durable control that is offered in just one dose per week, a break through in convenience. In the second quarter, we had our pre-NDA meeting with the FDA and continue to plan on submitting an NDA before the end of the first half of 2009. However, I want to underscore that Amylin and our partners are focused on moving the submission date forward. To that end, we have made great progress by finalizing the commercial scale manufacturing process at our Ohio facility. Indeed, we've already produced and shipped commercial scale material, which we will use in ongoing and planned clinical trials in the coming weeks. As I've already mentioned, we met with the agency in the second quarter to discuss the open items for our regulatory submission. I'm pleased to say that following these discussions, we believe that the DURATION-1 study we reported last year provides the necessary safety and efficacy data for a submission. As a reminder, exenatide once weekly is a line extension product and the DURATION-1 study was designed in consultation with the FDA. Our regulatory strategy is based on leveraging the existing safety database for BYETTA. The rate limiting step to a regulatory submission is showing comparability between the material manufactured and our facility in Ohio and the intermediate scale material used in clinical studies to date. During our pre-NDA meeting, we received more clarity on our strategy for showing comparability. We continue to execute this strategy and data from our in vitro-in vivo correlation or IVIVC studies will be reviewed in the next few months. If this stays as accepted, we can accelerate the submission. However, as we've said in the past, this is a data driven process and until we are able to demonstrate to the FDA that this data is sufficient to show comparability, we are reiterating our previous guidance on timing of a submission. We have discussed the other parts of the strategy to demonstrate comparability, one, the crossover of patients from the extension of our pivotal study and, two, a new pharmacodynamic bridging study with a clinical endpoint. These studies are moving forward. To be clear, our guidance on the timing of an NDA submission is based on the conservative path of completing the latter study. Now I should understand there are specifics of our interactions with the FDA and elements of the pre-NDA meeting that we are not able to share with you at this time. This is consistent with ensuring that we meet the requirements of the agency. We will not speculate on potential FDA action regarding the date of dependent nature of our regulatory path going forward. Now, moving on to clinical data, DURATION-1 findings, both the 30-week pivotal study and the 52-week extension study were presented at ADA 2008. The data showed the continuous steady state levels of exenatide on board 24 hours a day, seven days a week provides durable glycemic control with weight loss. I will quickly summarize the findings of this landmark study. At ADA, we provided detail that in the 30 week study Type 2 diabetes patients treated with exenatide once weekly showed statistically significant improvements in A1C and fasting plasma glucose from baseline compared with BYETTA. Patients in both treatment groups also reported significant weight loss averaging 8 pounds and 77% of patients treated with exenatide once weekly achieved an A1C at 7% or less. After one year of treatment, patients taking exenatide once weekly sustained improvements in glycemic control and weight. Additionally, improved glucose control was seen in patients switching after 30 weeks to exenatide once weekly from exenatide taking twice a day. Specifically, patients in both treatment groups experienced an average A1C decline of 2.0%. This level of A1C decline is unprecedented in a study of this type in patients with a mean baseline A1C of 8.3%. 74% of all patients achieved an endpoint A1C of 7% or less at 52 weeks. Furthermore, patients in both treatment groups reported a sustained average weight loss of 9.5 pounds over 52 weeks. Based on our confidence from these data, we put in place an aggressive clinically relevant program that compares exenatide once weekly against competing products that demonstrates superiority. The objective of these studies is to support the launch and demonstrate the transformational nature of exenatide once weekly therapy. These trials are on track. DURATION-2 comparing exenatide once weekly against the TCP and DPP-4 inhibitor on a background of metformin therapy and DURATION-3 continued exenatide once weekly against insulin glargine on a background of oral agent therapy are currently in rolling patients. We look forward to reporting results of those studies in the first half of 2009. DURATION-4, looking at exenatide and as a standalone therapy against either metformin, TZD or DPP-4 inhibitor will begin later this year. Additionally, given the positive effect from cardiovascular surrogate outcomes seen with exenatide, the encouraging data seen in the ACCORD trial and the current regulatory interest in cardiovascular outcomes, we have initiated discussions with outside experts to help design a robust post-marketing cardiovascular outcomes trial. Clearly, we are actively positioning the exenatide franchise for near and long-term success with an eye to addressing the potential entrants of competitors in our class. The powerful durable results from the exenatide trial, the three years of BYETTA's experience in the market and the stellar results from DURATION 1 trial are compelling proof to exenatide is the best molecule in a class as a twice a day product now and as a once week product in the future. Also I would note that given exenatide's potency, we are continuing to study with our partners the potential for less frequent dosing regimens as well as non-invasive dosing forms. Transitioning now to the broader regulatory environment, I will comment quickly regarding our perspective on the impact of the recent FDA Advisory Committee meeting focused on safety issues in developing medicines for the treatment of diabetes. We are pleased that the FDA is considering the importance of cardiovascular health in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. We do not see the potential new guidance as having an impact on the commercialization timeline for exenatide once weekly. The draft guidance is designed to address new chemical entities, while the regulatory strategy for exenatide once weekly is a line extension referencing the BYETTA label. We do believe, however, that the guidelines may create a higher hurdle for new entrants into the market. Now I will move on to describe our significant opportunities in obesity. We believe peptide hormones provide a unique opportunity to create a meaningful product that produces clinically important weight loss safely. We previously announced our commitment to pursue a medicine for obesity that is a combination of pramlintide, an analog of human amylin and metreleptin, an analog of human leptin. This commitment is based on impressive study results, 12.7% reduction in body weight over 24 weeks when pramlintide and metreleptin were used together. In the second quarter, we initiated a Phase 2b study to evaluate different dosing combinations of pramlintide and metreleptin. This is a six month multi-arm study that will enroll approximately 600 patients and will take about a year to complete. We believe this product candidate has the promise to meet the unmet medical need for a highly effective and safe weight loss therapy. Additionally, we look forward to having a significant presence as the Obesity Society's Annual Scientific Meeting in the beginning of October. And as Mark mentioned earlier, we are actively pursuing options to offset the R&D expenses associated with our [inaudible] early stage programs through potential partnerships and/or project financing. Now, I'll add a few more comments before we close. As a member of Pharma, we are proud to support the newly revised pharma guidelines on interactions with health care professionals, which demonstrates our industry's commitment to high ethical standards and transparency. I'm also pleased to announce that consistent with our mission of putting the patient first. In the second quarter, we submitted a treatment IND for leptin, as a treatment for severe lipodystrophy, which is a rare, but very serious disorder and we're pleased to be able to make leptin available to these patients. It is an exciting time here at Amylin as we position the company for sustained value creation and growth. I want to make it clear, that this year we are focused on one driving BYETTA and SYMLIN growth. And I would emphasize that our expectations for product revenue in 2008 remains unchanged. And two, accelerating the NDA submission for exenatide once weekly. With that I'll conclude the formal portion of today's call and turn things back over to the operator for your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Thomas Wei with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Hi, thanks very much. I had a couple of questions, just first on the pre-NDA meeting, you mentioned that it was actually in the second quarter, have you had a chance to talk to the FDA, since the panel vote to just confirm the adequacy of Duration One, in light of how [inaudible] there?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Thomas yes , thanks for the question. You're right, we didn't say within the second quarter, and that the FDA panel meeting was actually subsequent to that. I'd make a note that, Thomas, you know... the FDA panel meeting was really focused on cardiovascular risk associated with new chemical entities and that's what the major difference is here, that I think, I emphasized in the call and I'd re-emphasize to you again. The exenatide once weekly strategy is a line extension regulatory strategy and it really takes into account, the entire safety database that we have with Exenatide. BYETTA has been on the market now for over three years, we have over a million people have been exposed to it and met clearly the strategy that the agency is undertaking. I'd also further emphasize, Thomas, as you think about the profile that we have with exenatide, this is a compound which lowers body weight, has a low risk of hypoglycemia and most importantly I think as you noted in one of your writings earlier this year, we look at cardiovascular surrogate endpoint, all of those are going in the right direction, blood pressure goes down, triglycerides goes down, LDL goes down, HDL goes up. So in terms of cardiovascular risk, we are actually in a strong position as a company and therefore I think the agency was fully cognizant of that at the time that we had the meeting with them in June.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: And also in the pre-NDA meeting, when you talk to FDA about the IVIVC studies and the crossover strategy is kind of unconventional alternative to bioequivalence, what did they actually say? In theory, if you have good data, do they endorse either one or both of those approaches?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: As I mentioned, certainly I would just leave you with the thought that if we are able to provide the data in the format and to meet the requirements of the agency with regard to the IVIVC and/or the crossover study from DURATION-1 extension, we will be able to accelerate the submission time line. One thing I did mention on the call that there are specifics of the interactions that we had with the agency and elements of the pre-NDA meeting that we are not able to share with you in this time. And that's really making sure that we don't get ahead of ourselves and making sure that we don't speculate on potential FDA reaction to the data that we are going to generate from those studies going forward.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Thomas.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meg Malloy with Goldman Sachs.
Margaret Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research: Thanks very much. I'd like to follow up on Thomas' question, in terms of... if a de novo study were required, did you talk about what the requirements there might be, so could it be something like a 100 patients and you could look at... I don't know if you need to look at HbA1c or if there would be maybe a shorter metric that might be considered, have you hammered that out at all?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know, Meg, I'd just sort of go back to my previous statement. We certainly did have conversation with the agency as I mentioned in my prepared remarks about a new pharmacodynamic bridging study with a clinical endpoint. However... and I think it's fair to say that we do have pretty clear view in terms of what would be required going forward. However, because we also have other strategies that potentially would meet the agency's requirement to meet comparability that we are continuing to pursue those as well and they may or may not meet the need without the initiation of that study. So at this point what I would say is we do have a very clear idea however whether or not we will need to do that or not is yet to be determined based on the data coming up from our existing efforts in terms of showing comparability. What I would say is that we are confident that the guidance that we've given that submission by the end of the first half of 2009 is consistent with any particular I should say any specific requirements that the agency would have for a new pharmacodynamic [inaudible] study.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, yeah hi Meg, how are you?
Margaret Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research: Thanks so much. And if could ask an additional question maybe for Mark. Could you comment on actual inventory levels that it, was the inventory level normalized for the Q4 stocking and Q1 draw down, can you give us a sense of what you consider it to be normalized?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Mag how are you? Thanks, for the question. We believe as I stated in the prepared remarks I'll reiterate that inventory levels at the end of the second quarter were comparable to where they were at the end of the first quarter and that actual shipments in the second quarter reflect patient demand, obviously there is a range of the inventory levels that's based upon our visibility to the channel varies though we think it's certainly well within that range and we would expect script date [ph] in future kind of like we said at the last call to be productivity [ph] well of revenue that we record in future quarters.
Margaret Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research: There wasn't really a work down in Q2 then?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: No, we really think that it was... it was relatively at the same levels as we were at the end of Q1.
Margaret Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research: Okay. And if I could just ask one final question, could you elaborate on what you are thinking about in terms of the obesity program you mentioned possible partnerships or strategic financing and not using your exact [inaudible] I was wondering if you could share your thought process around that, Dan or Mark?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Hi Meg. Yeah Meg I will take that one. I mean, one of the things we are looking at going forward is how best to advance those programs going forward and also maximize the value of the programs to our shareholders. Those programs are global development programs and so we have this range of different options that are available to us, whether it be just looking to have just a financing partners that enables us to advance the program without incurring the income statement's cost associated with the program or whether it be strategic commercial partner and development partner who could actually enable us to... which would bring new capabilities that would enable us to advance the program more efficiently going forward. I would say that our thinking in this area is highly dependent on our commercial success that we see going forward with regards to exenatide and SYMLIN... sorry, BYETTA and SYMLIN, both in terms of revenues, as well as some of the technical success that we have on an ongoing basis. So, it's both revenue and as well technical success basis for going forward.
Margaret Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research: Okay. Thanks, Mike.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mag.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Ho with Bank of America Securities.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, William.
Operator: William, please check your mute button.
William Ho - Bank of America Securities: Hello, can you hear me?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, William. Yes.
William Ho - Bank of America Securities: Hi. Just want to see if you could discuss a little bit more about the progress you've been making with the expanded sales force. It appears that SG&A may be increasing, but we've seen... we haven't seen a strong uptick in sales as a prescription number thus far. And in order to get to your, I guess, your revenue guidance, it looks likes we need to see a strong uptick in sales. How long does it generally take for each new rep to ramp up and what kind of progress are you making there?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi. William, I will make a comment about the sales force and then ask Mark to comment about SG&A levels. So basically, we announced at the end of... in our previous quarterly call that during the second quarter we would be ramping our sales force and indeed also completing initiating I should say the BYETTA-CIALIS co-promotion agreement. All of that was done in the later part of the second quarter, and indeed the BYETTA-CIALIS co-promotion agreement did not commence until the first of July. So we wouldn't expect at this point to have seen anything from our adjustments and that would be... as I mentioned on the call, we would be expecting to see benefit from those sales force efforts appearing in the second half of this year. Now a lot of this was anticipated in our previous guidance, but may be Mark you could add to that.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Will. Thanks for the question. I think you should think of the majority of the cost certainly being in the 2Q numbers and the guidance that we have given really at the lower end of the range of 425 million to 475 million for SG&A for the year. If you just annualize -- if you semi-annualize the second quarter number, I think, you will find that, that's exactly where you will be. So we see essentially the costs are in place and executing in terms of driving BYETTA and SYMLIN sales during the second half of the year.
William Ho - Bank of America Securities: Okay, great. Thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, William.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Osborne with Lazard.
Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: Hi, and thank you for taking the questions. Just had a few on the cardiovascular outcome trials you mentioned, would you contemplate starting these at the time that the exenatide LAR filing is under review or truly post...post approval?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's a great question, Matt. Thanks for question. Actually, it's really dependent, I think on the advice that we are getting from our experts at the moment. I expect to... that we will be in a position by the end of this year to finalize the study design on cardiovascular outcome study and of course the... so the timing relative to submission will depend on how successful or not we have been enable to accelerate the submission of exenatide once-weekly. I don't think we hold back on initiating the study prior to the submission.
Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And will you be able to provide data from BYETTA patients from real world experience, in terms of high-risk patients, who are on BYETTA now. It's kind of a data package that would precisely update in terms of showing and CD benefit?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: So we have very expensive data are actually, already on BYETTA in terms of cardiovascular surrogate endpoints. There is a... actually at the American Diabetes Association this year we showed both with BYETTA and with exenatide once weekly benefits in terms of lowering triglyceride, lowering LDL, increasing HDL and I think most impressively the affects that we are seeing on blood pressure. I am seeing very significant reductions in blood pressure particularly with exenatide once-weekly. So, when you think back about... particularly about the panel discussion, the co-fo [ph] additional studies was really directed when there was some kind of signal in that suggested that there might be an issue with regards to cardiovascular risk. In our case, what you're seeing is a compound, where the cardiovascular risk factors, I should say, surrogate endpoints all actually going in the right direction and that of courses is further reinforced with the benefits in terms of decreased bodyweight. I also don't think by the way the preliminary outcome analysis from the ACCORD study harms us in any regard in that results... in that regard as well. I mean, the fact that a major independent study is completed and the only compound that was actually shown to reduce the acid ratio with regards to cardiovascular outcome with exenatide, I think certainly helps us.
Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: Again, last question actually for Mark. Can you remind us on the cost-sharing agreement with Lilly would that CB Outcome trial be split with Lilly?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, absolutely, it would be.
Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Biren Amin with Stanford Group.
Biren Amin - Stanford Group: Yeah, hi and thanks for taking my questions. Could we expect to hear by the Q3 call regarding IV, IVC and cross over on direction... [inaudible ] when expansion and whether they are not profiling?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Biren. Yeah, I think it's going to depend very much on how this data comes out. I said in the call... I think so I've mentioned it. It would be in the coming months we'd be getting the data and just to say that I wouldn't like to give a specific time point to that because until we see the data and until such time that we also know... and have the opportunity to have further discussions with the agency, I think it would be an appropriate for me to give you a specific date upon which that we would be providing an update.
Biren Amin - Stanford Group: Okay. And a follow up question, would you also give us an update regarding the needle gauge where we are? Do you plan to file on the 23 gauge needle?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Biren, I guess the way I would answered that question is to say, we are really committed to ensuring that we have the most patient convenient product form available at the time of launch that is possible, and we're continuing to look for opportunities to refine that product offering. That includes the instructions that we'd be giving the patient, the needle dimensions, both in terms of length and gauge, et cetera, but also in terms of how the patient actually has to handle the product. I would say, I mean just to sort of pick up on your question, well, I think now where you're going here is there has been some concerns in the, I should say investment community that needle gauge is going to be an issue. And I'd point you to the data that we presented at the American Diabetes Association which showed extremely high patient satisfaction scores with the presentation that was used in the study and we of course intend to improve upon that patient... on that product offering.
Biren Amin - Stanford Group: Great, thanks.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Biren.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Company: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Two questions, first just housekeeping item, Mark, could you tell us how much stock comp expense was in the R&D and SG&A line?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, one second. Let me pull that up. Hi, Phil. In the quarter there was $20 million of stock comp, $12 million in SG&A, and $8 million in R&D. And the year-to-date period would be $23 million in SG&A and $16.5 million in R&D.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Company: Okay, great. That's really helpful. And my second question is on really the... wanted to take it to the [ph] earlier files, and it seems one of the things that's missing from your three-part strategy is just a simple PK study. So, a PK study with a PK end point. Can you talk a little bit more about why that's not one of your options and whether that is something that Amount [ph] itself has decided probably wouldn't work or did those come from the FDA?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, great question Phil. So, I guess we're kind of addressing it when you're thinking of a simple PK, I think what you're thinking is a single dose study, right. And when you give a single dose of exenatide once weekly produced at intermediate scale and one was given [inaudible] using material produced at commercial scale. Am I right in terms of thinking that's what you are thinking of as a simple PK case study?
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Company: Yeah, or something may be you give a couple of weeks worth of LAR and you just look at pulse [ph] levels?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, so... certainly, we will be looking at either in the crossover from the extension study and/or if we do a new pharmacodynamic bridging study, we would be looking at PK. However, one of the key things here is that when you look at the PK, you can actually have pretty significant variability and so have the same level of effect on blood glucose, and that's mainly because the therapeutic index of exenatide is so wide. And so in terms of comparability, what the agency is really trying to show here is... and that is not necessarily the case by the way with every medicine. I mean, with medicines that have narrower therapeutic indexes, it is more important to have a more precise comparability with regards to PK. And I am not so sure you are aware, Phil, when you look at subcutaneous injections, you have very high variability in PK anyhow both intra and inter patients as well. So that's particularly the case when it comes to you looking at long acting release versions and particularly long acting release versions where a single injection is released over two to three-month period, but dosed on a weekly basis. So the PK from a single injection is not necessarily indicative of the PK that you would get from a series of injections and that's why the studies that we are looking at are little bit more complicated than this simple PK study.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Company: That's very helpful. Thank you
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Phil.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints we only have time for one more question. Our final question comes from Tom Russo with Baird.
Tom Russo - Baird: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Dan, could you comment if the antibodies issue came up at all in your FDA meeting? I know some have looked at the level in the once weekly formulation versus the twice-daily?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Hi, Tom. Well, as I said previously, we haven't given specifics. We just say we don't believe that's a constraint for our submission going forward. And I would comment by the way that this is an area again, where I think has been, I guess an inappropriate level of interest relative to what the concerns are here, because if people spent enough time actually looking at the data, what we'd see is that antibody levels associated with the exenatide once weekly returns to the levels that we see with exenatide when given twice a day in the form of BYETTA after about one years worth of use. And so consequently, we don't see that this is a real challenge from the agency standpoint. Certainly, what we absolutely can confirm is that there is no major safety issues associated with those antibodies which is of course the primary concern that most people have when considering antibodies associated with protein or peptide based drugs.
Tom Russo - Baird: And then real quick one follow up. The ACCORD data, the cuts that were presented on the last day of ADA, do you anticipate that those might be published at some point in the future and provide you an opportunity to maybe leverage those commercially or in medical education effort?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, terrific question. We're certainly very hopeful they will be published. It is our understanding that they are. The slides from the presentation actually are available on the Web now, and so that data I mean has been made available publicly. So I would expect that it would be subject to peer review going forward. And the extent that we can leverage it from a commercial standpoint, I think depends very much on exactly what is published and what statements are made around it.
Tom Russo - Baird: Okay. Thanks very much.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much, Tom. Okay, well thanks. Just a few final remarks to say thank you to everybody for being on the call today. We appreciate your time and as always your interest in our company. If there are any additional questions, please contact Michael York in Investor Relations and we will get back to you. I would finish by stating that Amylin, we are focused on driving further BYETTA and SYMLIN growth and accelerating the NDA submission for exenatide once weekly. Thank you again for your interest.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude our program for today. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael York - Senior Director, IR Daniel M. Bradbury - President and CEO Mark G. Foletta - Sr. VP, Finance and CFO Orville G. Kolterman - Sr. VP, Clinical and Regulatory Affairs
Analysts: Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns & Company Jim Reddoch - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray Margaret Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research William Ho - Bank of America Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers Equity Research Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw, Inc. Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sandra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Amylin Pharmaceuticals, Incorporated Q1 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Michael York, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael York - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Good morning, and welcome to Amylin Pharmaceuticals' quarterly update conference call. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today's press release and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed on today's call. Let me introduce the other members of Amylin’s management team here today. Daniel Bradbury, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Orville Kolterman, Senior Vice President, Development. I will now turn the call over to Dan Bradbury.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Michael. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. We have made steady progress in the first quarter of 2008 across near, mid and long-term opportunities, executing against the strategy that we detailed earlier this year to build Amylin's diabetes portfolio and establish our presence in the obesity field. However, this quarter's BYETTA sales were lower than planned and we know we need to improve our execution. Although BYETTA has not met our expectations this quarter, the other aspects of our business showed strong results. We are pleased to announce that we completed the regulatory submission for the use of BYETTA as monotherapy in the first quarter, with a target for approval in the second half of the year. We are also excited by the rapid uptake of SymlinPen, which was launched in January. Our mid-term plans focus on the exenatide once-weekly program, which includes completing our Ohio manufacturing facility, initiating a strong clinical program to position exenatide once-weekly for market dominance, and working aggressively towards submitting an NDA as soon as possible. We are now manufacturing exenatide once-weekly at commercial scale at our facility in Ohio, an important step in completing this facility. We plan to have this material in ongoing and planned clinical trials by the third quarter of this year. For the long-term, we have made prudent investment decisions based on strong clinical data to advance our obesity program and continue supporting discovery research. As we make our investment decisions, we will continue to manage our expenses appropriately, leveraging our assets and assessing financing or partnership alternatives to offset expenses. Having completed these summary comments, I'll now turn things over to Mark Foletta to review our financial results.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Dan, and good morning. Earlier this morning, we announced our financial results for the quarter ended March 31st, 2008. We reported total revenue of $197.2 million for the first quarter, which includes net product sales of $178.7 million. That is made up of $158.5 million for BYETTA and $20.2 million for SYMLIN, resulting in first quarter growth in net product sales of 10% compared to the first quarter of 2007 and a decline of 10% from the fourth quarter of 2007. We believe that the decline in BYETTA sales from the last quarter, despite comparable prescription demand, primarily reflects the reversal of wholesaler stocking that occurred in the fourth quarter. You may recall that on our 2007 year-end call, I noted that BYETTA sales growth exceeded prescription growth, primarily due to wholesaler year-end buying patterns. As a result, sales that would have occurred in the first quarter of 2008 occurred in the fourth quarter of 2007 instead. In addition, first quarter 2008 sales were further reduced by wholesaler draw-down of the additional inventory purchased at the end of the year to levels comparable to those prior to the fourth quarter stocking. We believe this impact was approximately $20 million to $25 million in the first quarter. This impact was partially offset by a price increase for BYETTA in early January. First quarter sales for BYETTA were also impacted by a slight increase in discounting, as we increased our managed care Tier 2 access over 2007 levels while maintaining prescription demand from the prior quarter. Our revenue under collaborative agreements was $18.5 million compared to $10 million for the same period in 2007. The increase primarily reflects higher cost-sharing payments from Eli Lilly and Company to equalize development expenses for the exenatide products portfolio. Cost of goods sold was $22 million, reflecting a gross margin of approximately 88%. This compares to cost of goods sold of $15.2 million for the first quarter of 2007, and a gross margin of approximately 91%. Gross-margin decreased year-over-year primarily because of increased discounting, higher production costs for BYETTA, and our product mix including the introduction of the SymlinPen, which has the higher cost of goods sold in the vial presentation. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the first quarter of 2008 increased to $98.2 million compared to $87.8 million for the same period in 2007. The increase primarily reflects higher promotional expenses for BYETTA and SYMLIN and increased business infrastructure to support our growth. Research and development expenses increased to $77.2 million for the first quarter of 2008 compared to $59.6 million for the same period in 2007. The increase primarily reflects higher expenses for exenatide once-weekly, growth in the company's research capabilities, and continued investment in the company's early-stage obesity programs. Research and development expenses net of cost-sharing payments from Lilly on the exenatide program also increased with a lower rate than the reported research and development expenses. Net research and development expenses increased to $59.8 million for the quarter-ended March 31st, 2008 compared to $50.7 million for the same period in 2007. As a reminder, we are reimbursed by Lilly to equalize exenatide development costs, and we believe that this net R&D number is a better indicator of the true growth in R&D activities at Amylin. Lilly's share of the gross margin for BYETTA, which we will refer to as collaborative profit sharing [ph], was $69.9 million for the first quarter of 2008 compared to $66.9 million for the same period in 2007. We reported a net loss of $68.8 million or $0.51 per share for the quarter-ended March 31st, 2008, compared to a net loss of $49.4 million or $0.38 per share for the same period in 2007. And at the end of the first quarter, we held over $1 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. I would now like to highlight some information regarding key trends and assumptions for the remainder of 2008. We've included in these numbers the estimates for non-cash stock-based compensation expense of $80 million to $90 million in aggregate. This includes expenses for both stock options and our employee stock ownership plan. Based on our assessment of recent trends, we are narrowing our previous guidance for total revenues in 2008 to a range of $900 million to $950 million from $900 million to $1 billion. Our total revenue guidance includes collaborative revenue of $100 million to $125 million. Planned collaborative revenues for 2008 consist primarily of cost-sharing payments from Lilly to equalize development expenses for the exenatide portfolio. Collaborative revenue will increase throughout the year as additional activities for exenatide once-weekly begin. No milestone payments are expected in 2008. Where we fall within the collaborative revenue range will depend on the amount of development expenses we incur and the mix of spending between Amylin and Lilly. I will talk about research and development expense guidance in a moment, but you should think of collaborative revenues moving in tandem with exenatide development expenses in 2008 such that if we incur higher development expenses our collaborative revenue will also be higher. With regard to our operating expenses, we are adjusting our previous guidance downward slightly to be more in line with expected revenues. We expect that our selling, general, and administrative expenses for 2008 will be toward the lower end of our previous range of $425 million to $475 million. This range is slightly above our first quarter exit rate and reflects costs associated with the continued investment in commercial activities for BYETTA and SYMLIN, investments in pre-launch activities... pre-launch education activities for exenatide once-weekly, and appropriate investments in infrastructure to support our growing business. Our SG&A expense guidance also includes approximately $50 million to $55 million of stock-based compensation expense. We expect that our research and development expenses for 2008 will be towards the mid-point of our previous range of $325 million to $375 million. This includes approximately $30 million to $35 million of stock-based compensation expense. Where we fall within this range of development expenses will depend primarily upon our level of spending on the exenatide portfolio and the level of investment in our obesity programs. I would also like to comment that we are actively pursuing options to offset the R&D expense associated with our obesity programs through potential partnerships. Finally, I'd like to adjust net interest income guidance to approximately $5 million in 2008 from the previous guidance of $5 million to $10 million. This is due to lower expected interest rates since our previous guidance. I will be available at the end of the call to answer any questions. I will now turn you back to Dan for an update on our recent business activities.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark. First of, I would like to give you a commercial update on BYETTA, the first and only FDA approved incretin mimetic, a new class of drugs that mimics the action of the human hormone, glucagon-like peptide-1. BYETTA is indicated for patients with type 2 diabetes using oral medication and provides sustained glucose control, a low incidence of hypoglycemia, and progressive weight loss. In the first quarter, we maintained a steady level of BYETTA prescriptions over the fourth quarter. The first quarter has historically been the lowest quarter of the year and the total diabetes market declined approximately 1% over the fourth quarter. We saw a 2% growth in new prescriptions of the 10-microgram dose quarter-over-quarter, an indicator of continued product adoption. Despite maintaining prescription levels in a challenging market, we are not satisfied with these results. Growth is not happening as quickly as we'd planned. We need to improve our execution to achieve the full potential of BYETTA in an increasingly competitive marketplace adversely impacted by safety concerns. Indeed, we are finding the primary-care market especially a greater challenge than we anticipated. Our growth in late adopters, who are predominantly primary care physicians, has slowed. Meanwhile early adopters, who are primarily specialists, continue to maintain a steady level of prescriptions. We and our partner, Lilly, believe in our strategy of leveraging the unique dual benefits of BYETTA, glucose control and weight loss. We are taking action and are extremely focused on executing our commercial strategy to improve BYETTA performance. To drive broader and deeper primary care adoption, we are expanding and better aligning our sales forces. To that end, we are increasing our field force by approximately 15% during this quarter, which broadens our reach into the primary-care market and expands our physician targets to 75,000. These physicians account for over 80% of diabetes prescriptions. This expansion will also enable us to coordinate our call plans to a greater degree with Lilly to better target high-prescribing physicians. We believe this optimization will allow the Amylin and Lilly sales forces to more effectively act as one organization and to improve the reach and frequency of customer contact. We know we are on the right track, as we've already seen individual territories where strong execution in the field produces results. Accordingly, we will be closely monitoring the metrics driving sales force effectiveness and we'll continue evaluating ways to optimize both the size and the deployment of the sales force. Additionally, new programs are being launched emphasizing peer-to-peer interaction and glycemic control efficacy. And as we discussed at the beginning of the year, we initiated patient support programs to facilitate the successful initiation of therapy by primary-care physicians. With these programs, we strive to maximize the clinical benefit for new patients and ensure patient adherence to therapy. We have received positive feedback on our efforts and will continue expanding these support programs. We also continued to educate physicians on the board Tier 2 access for BYETTA with over 85% access among commercial managed-care providers. Now, despite of this broad access, some physicians continued to have the perception that BYETTA as a newer innovative product has limited reimbursement. As a result, both the Amylin and Lilly sales forces are proactively informing physicians of specific access for BYETTA in their local plans. To summarize, BYETTA prescription growth is lower than planned. We are not pleased with this, but we are confident in the overall commercial strategy. We have identified in our addressing key issues and we're taking action to improve execution. Both Amylin and Lilly are placing significant resources behind this first-in-class product. Moving on to BYETTA expansion opportunities, we are pleased to announce the submission of our regulatory application for the use of BYETTA as monotherapy in the first quarter of 2008, with a target for approval in the second half of this year. When approved, healthcare professionals will have the freedom to expand BYETTA usage along with treatment continuum as either standalone or combination therapy. The monotherapy indication will also allow broader payer coverage in some plans, increasing patient access to BYETTA beyond the already wide availability. In addition to the monotherapy indication, there is potential for significant BYETTA market penetration worldwide. So far in 2008, Lilly has launched BYETTA in six countries including Italy, Belgium, Brazil and the United Arab Emirates, and France began reimbursing for BYETTA in April. We anticipate that BYETTA will be in 60 countries by the end of 2008. Now let's move on to SYMLIN, a synthetic analog of human amylin, a naturally-occurring hormone that is made in the beta cells of the pancreas, the same cells that make insulin. SYMLIN is the first and only amylin mimetic. Its key benefits are that it provides mealtime glucose control and weight loss for patients who use mealtime insulin. In January, we launched SymlinPen, which offers patients the ability to get SYMLIN in a convenient, transportable, fixed-dose pen injector system. The easy-to-use pen is particularly helpful for patients taking multiple injections. We are excited by the rapid uptake of SymlinPen, which now accounts for 39% of new SYMLIN prescriptions and 21% of total SYMLIN prescriptions. Total prescriptions for SYMLIN grew 6% for the first quarter over the fourth quarter, demonstrating that SymlinPen growth is not all coming at the expense of the vial/syringe format. The SYMLIN brand is growing. Total sales of SYMLIN grew 14% over the same period. These results verify our market research, showing that SymlinPen would be viewed very favorably by patients due to improved convenience. Efforts to drive current and new patients to SymlinPen are paying off. These efforts include pen-only sampling, an entirely new patient starter kit, and a revamped website for patients and healthcare providers. Early feedback on the new healthcare provider campaign shows that the powerful new messaging and imagery is resonating with MDs. In the same vein, as efforts to improve the BYETTA patient experience, we've launched the SYMLIN support program, offering live telephone support for medical professionals to aid new SYMLIN patients in the first few weeks of therapy and beyond. Early feedback from this program is very positive. We are also pleased to report that within three months of the SymlinPen launch, we already have 85% open access for SymlinPen, with approximately 65% of covered lives at Tier 2. We continue to further develop the brand and create market expansion opportunities in the near and mid-term. With that, I will now turn the call over to Orville for an update on our upcoming research and development milestones. Orville?
Orville G. Kolterman - Senior Vice President, Clinical and Regulatory Affairs: Thanks, Dan. I want to share with you the latest developments regarding exenatide once-weekly, the next planned medicine in our pipeline. This product candidate has the potential to bring unprecedented efficacy, improved tolerability, and enhanced convenience in the treatment of type 2 diabetes, as it would be the first once-a-week medicine for this significant and growing patient population. I'm pleased to say that we are on track to finalize the commercial-scale manufacturing process at our new Ohio facility during the second half of 2008 and plan to submit in NDA before the end of the first half of 2009. We wish to underscore that Amylin and our partners are working with determined focus to move this submission date forward. In this update, I will address the status of the manufacturing facility and the regulatory filing milestones that are intertwined. In general, we cannot characterize the remaining risk associated with the development of exenatide once-weekly as manufacturing and regulatory. Turning first to manufacturing, given the scale and site change for exenatide once-weekly manufacturing there are certain regulatory conditions that must be satisfied. With regards to scale, we are very pleased to report that we have manufactured material at commercial scale at our manufacturing facility in Ohio. Furthermore, and importantly the process has performed consistently and met our expectations, and we plan to have this material in ongoing and planned clinical trials by the third quarter. In regards to site change, we continued gathering data to support a planned submission, which includes moving forward with a range of options and a continuous dialog with the FDA on the most appropriate path forward. On the chemistry, manufacturing and control front, stability lots have been manufactured and are in [ph] place and are not rate limiting to the submission of exenatide once-weekly. Thus, the risk profile for the development of exenatide once-weekly is improving as we continue to achieve the manufacturing milestones. Now, turning to the regulatory front, today we are announcing that the exenatide once-weekly clinical trial program has been named DURATION. The data generated by our 30-week pivotal study now called DURATION - 1 met the primary clinical efficacy endpoint and safety profile requirements for the study. We continue to believe this meets the agency requirement and we intend to submit the NDA based on these clinical data. As a reminder, exenatide once weekly is a line extension product and the DURATION - 1 study was designed in consultation with the FDA. Our regulatory strategy is based on leveraging the existing safety database for exenatide. And existing… in addition, we have now put in place an aggressive clinically relevant program that pits exenatide once-weekly against competing products to demonstrate superiority. The objective of these studies is to support the launch and demonstrate the transformational nature of exenatide once-weekly therapy. I would like to point out that most products are compared on a non-inferiority basis, meaning that studies are designed to demonstrate that the product is the same in terms of efficacy of the product to which they are being compared. In the DURATION program, we are striving to demonstrate superiority. Superiority studies are designed to demonstrate that the product is superior to the comparison product. We believe our clinical program for exenatide once-weekly will provide powerful data that will demonstrate the value of the medicine to physicians, patients and payers. We anticipate this superiority strategy will allow exenatide once-weekly to stand out and favorably position the product for market success. Here are some details on the clinical program. The first of these superiority studies, named DURATION - 2, is a blinded, controlled trial comparing exenatide once-weekly with a TZD, pioglitazone, and a DPP-4 inhibitor, sitagliptin, in approximately 400 to 500 patients on metformin background therapy. This study is currently enrolling patients, and we are on track to report results in the first half of 2009. DURATION - 3 is an open-label superiority trial comparing exenatide once weekly with insulin glargine where it will be added on the background of oral agent therapy in approximately 400 to 500 patients. This study is anticipated to start in the first half of this year and results are expected the first half of 2009. DURATION - 4 is a blinded superiority study in which exenatide once-weekly will be compared to either metformin, TZD, pioglitazone or a DPP-4 inhibitor, sitagliptin, as standalone therapies for approximately 800 patients with type 2 diabetes. Now, I will move on to describe our significant opportunities in obesity. We believe peptide hormones provide a unique opportunity to create a meaningful product that produces clinically important weight loss and patient safety. In November of 2007, we announced our commitment to pursue a medicine for obesity that is a combination of pramlintide, an analog of human amylin, and metreleptin, an analogue of human leptin. Both molecules are well known to us and have a well-characterized safety profile. This commitment is based on impressive study results that we reported in November, a 12.7% reduction in body weight over 24 weeks when pramlintide and metroleptin were used together. In 2008, we are continuing our development of a delivery system that will provide both pramlintide and metroleptin in a single injection. Further, we are initiating a Phase IIb study to evaluate different dosing combinations of pramlintide and metroleptin. This is a six-month multi-arm study that will enroll approximately 600 patients and will take approximately a year to complete. We believe this product candidate has a promise to meet the unmet medical need for a highly effective and safe weight loss therapy. Such a medicine would be a breakthrough for patients, physicians, and payers, the latter of which has repeatedly signaled the need for clinically-meaningful, double-digit percentage weight loss from baseline, which is a threshold targeted by this product. At our R&D Day last November, we also shared with you that we continue to explore new delivery methods for our peptide hormones. As a result of this exploration, we are pleased to have finalized a license agreement with Pacira to develop sustained-release injectable products based on the Depo [ph] technology platform. Given that not all peptides and proteins are compatible with a single delivery technology, we believe that it is important to explore an array of alternative delivery technologies to optimize the delivery of all of our product candidates. And now, I would like to pass you back to Dan to conclude the call.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Orville. We're looking forward to sharing results of those important programs in the future. I will add just a few more comments before we close. The American Diabetes Association's Scientific Meeting is coming up in June of this year in San Francisco. And once again, we are planning to have a significant scientific and commercial presence at that meeting. We have had more than 30 abstracts accepted at the meeting. These studies reflect the breadth and depth of our scientific and clinical programs and the trem1us interest among the medical community for our novel approach to developing first-in-class medicines to address diabetes and obesity. We have provided educational grants to support two medical education symposia, and we will have a commercial exhibit where attendees can learn about Amylin and our two first-in-class products. Of particularly note, please mark your calendars for a webcast of our Annual Investor Reception on Sunday, June 8th, at 7:45 PM Pacific Time to review meeting highlights. We look forward to seeing many of you in San Francisco. A preliminary list of abstracts and other activities of ADA will be posted shortly on our corporate website. In addition, I would like to remind you that our annual meeting of stockholders will take place on Friday, May 30th, at 11:00 AM Pacific Time at our corporate headquarters in San Diego. It is an exciting time here at Amylin as we execute to position the company for sustained value creation and growth. I want to make it clear that this year we are laser-focused on, one, driving BYETTA and SYMLIN growth; and two, accelerating the NDA submission for exenatide once-weekly. With that, I'll conclude the formal portion of today's call and turn things back over to the operator for your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Tom Russo with Baird.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: First, can you give us a sense of any new discussions with the FDA on bioequivalence or any new scientific or clinical data to let you know what you will need in order to meet that requirement?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, tom. Thanks for your question. Just to say that we have discussions ongoing with the FDA with regards to the requirements to demonstrate comparability of the material that we are manufacturing in our facility... in our new facility and on Ohio. And as those… those discussions are data driven, so as we generate more data, we are able to move the discussions forward. As Orville indicated in his remarks, we're very pleased at the moment that having now completed the scale-up at that facility and are now manufacturing material at commercial scale, we are able to now be in the position to generate more data that will help us in those discussions with the agency.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: And would you be able to say, relative on your last update three months ago, if you are anymore or less likely to be able to do an accelerated filing?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: As Orville indicated, we believe that we have significantly reduced the risk associated with the filing [inaudible] forward with the commercial manufacturing process, so that that continues to give us the opportunity to pursue ways of accelerating the filing.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, and just last question. On the SG&A, the guidance narrowed there. Can you comment on anything that you are not going to be doing relative to three months ago?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I will hand that over to Mark, maybe he want to comment on SG&A.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Hi, Tom. Of course, we started the year with a relatively wide range, we're now three months into the year. As we look at our activities, we believe we can operate at the lower end of the range, obviously focusing on two things as Dan said, driving BYETTA and SYMLIN growth, and the mix of our marketing and sales activities to make that happen, and then of course preparing for the support of exenatide once-weekly with… focused on appropriate investments in our infrastructure to make that happen. So really, it's just a narrowing to a range that we think is adequate to drive those initiatives this year.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, thanks.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Bear Stearns.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns & Company: Hi, guys, thanks a lot. Two questions, number one, I want to be very clear about something, when you file the NDA whenever that is, will you have received a decision from the FDA with regarding… regarding the waiver for the human bioequivalence trial or will that request for the waiver be contained within the NDA?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: So Mark, just to be very clear in the answer, that will depend upon the ongoing discussions that we have with the agency, and we will make the determination about the request for bioequivalence waiver at the time that we submit our NDA. It's not a decision that has been made at this time.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns & Company: If you need… thank you very much, Dan. If you need a bioequivalence trial, when would that be completed?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: So Mark, again just to be crystal clear on that, the guidance that we have provided with regards to the submission timing on the exenatide once-weekly NDA includes the requirement for undertaking a study, which would meet the requirement for comparability. As I… as Orville indicated in his prepared remarks, one of the key things that we want to highlight to you on this call is that as a result of the work that's been going on in our Ohio facility and that enables us now to say that we have completed the… finalized the commercial manufacturing process and that we will be shipping… able to ship material into ongoing and planned clinical trials in the third quarter, that gives us opportunity to accelerate the start of any study if it would be required.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns & Company: I just want to be really clear about this, [inaudible] questions about this daily and so I just want to be sure. Is it legally possible to get a waiver for the bio… human bioequivalence trial granted prior to submission of your NDA or is that something that with a statutory [ph] you need to request that within the NDA?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Great question. It is possible to actually get it granted prior to the submission. As I said to you earlier, the decision to apply for that has not been made at this time.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns & Company: Okay. That's great. I'll pop back in the queue. I appreciate it, guys.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Reddoch with FBR.
Jim Reddoch - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Thank you. A question about… first question about the trials that you say that you could put to commercial scale into as really as 3Q, can you just remind me, which of this has started, and secondly, if you would be able to have determined bioequivalence or equivalence by that point? And if not, are you not taking a risk by running the commercial scale in those trials since the FDA would not have ruled on that as being equivalent towards the final material? Thanks.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jim. Yes, I'll take that question head on and then ask Orville if he has got any additional comments. So, the studies that… so DURATION - 2 was started, it started in the first quarter. DURATION - 3, that is the study versus insulin glargine, is due to start this quarter. Regarding your final question about the risk associated with the NDA, as Orville reiterated in his prepared remarks, we believe and we continue to believe that the study that we have completed, that is DURATION - 1, it's a completed study, but of course the line extension... the extension of that section of that study is ongoing and we'll provide more information going forward with regards to safety and efficacy. So we believe that DURATION - 1 would... forms basis of the submission for the once-weekly exenatide application. And the reason for that is because as Orville said in his prepared remarks, this is a line extension product, one that enables us to leverage the very extensive safety database that we now have on exenatide.
Jim Reddoch - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Yes. My question is actually about the usability of the marketing trials versus glargine, for example, if you're using material that hasn't been deemed to be bioequivalent at that point?
Orville G. Kolterman - Senior Vice President, Clinical and Regulatory Affairs: So, this… this is Orville. That issue is not really any different than what happens in most development programs as your manufacturing process changes as you go through the development program. The way that it is handled is if there is an IND amendment filed to the agency describing the material, which you are going to take into your clinical trial, and so the agency has an opportunity to review that data, and if they have any concerns they provide you feedback before you actually take it into the clinical trial. So that's totally independent of whether or not we have demonstrated bioequivalence or have addressed the comparability issues.
Jim Reddoch - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Okay. All right, I will get back into queue. Thanks.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei with Piper Jaffray.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Just on the quarter sales, the math, I need a little bit of clarification. Just last quarter you'd mentioned the access sales growth was largely related to inventory stocking that turned out to be about $10 million. And now you are saying there is $20 million to $25 million of draw-down to get back to the pre-fourth quarter levels, but it seems as though maybe the inventory levels here are less than what you would have normally seen in the channel.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Thomas. I will ask Mark to address that.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Thomas. Thanks for the question, let me clarify for you. We did talk at the end of the fourth quarter about stocking being slightly less than a week and quantified that to be $10 million to $12 million. So, essentially some of the sales that would have occurred in the first quarter occurred in the fourth quarter. Then you had in the first quarter draw-down of those inventories as well, demand was flat. So essentially, when you're doing a sequential comparison fourth quarter to first quarter, you have to double that, you had to stock-in in the fourth quarter and then the draw-down in the first quarter to get to the $20 million to $25 million, with scripts being the same level or maintained if you will from the fourth quarter to first quarter. Now, of course what that means is inventory levels now are back to levels that we believe are appropriate and in fact we believe going forward you would expect scripts to be more predictive of revenue in the second quarter.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: And on the bioequivalence study, it sounds like you could start that in the third quarter. Can you help us understand why it would take up to nine months to run a bioequivalence study and put that in the filing?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Thomas. It's Dan here, yes. So certainly, as we indicated we are excited about being in a position to ship material from our Ohio facility in the third quarter. The guidance for the submission at the NDA takes into account a range of different potential requirements that may result from our conversations with the agency. And as at this time, that is not clarified. We have been conservative in our estimate in terms of how long that may take and what the requirements may be. So, I would just say to you that that guidance is predicated on further discussion with the agency. I would also reiterate at this [ph] time, our guidance on the timing of this submission is by the end of the first half of 2009.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: And just to clarify, the bioequivalence study, are we looking at a single dose study that would be a parallel design or do you need to do a cross-over design and follow patients out for some period of time? Is that why it might be a long trial?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Thomas, as I just said, the design of any study is subject to discussion with the agency and those discussions are ongoing at this time, and they're data driven based on information that we're generating. Our material and the material that is being manufactured at the facility that we have in Ohio as well as other analytical work that we're doing on the formulation of the once-weekly exenatide.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meg Malloy with Goldman Sachs.
Margaret Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research: Thanks very much. Dan, I'm hoping you could drill down a little bit more on what you think is wrong in the commercial end of things, why demand isn't growing. I know in the past you've talked about facilitating education on the part of docs, making it easier for patients to use or providing access to educational efforts there. Today, you kind of alluded to confusion about reimbursement. I’m just holding you can sort of clarify what the issues are and why, for example, a 15% increase in sales force, is that happening at both you and Lilly, and what kind of comfort can we get that whatever the issues are understood and are being appropriately addressed? Thanks.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Thanks, Margaret. Terrific question, give me an answer… gives me an opportunity to I think… provide I think some confidence to people that we're doing the right things. One of the things I mentioned on the call is that we have seen and we are seeing in certain territories really good growth. And when we look into those territories, there are some reasons why we’re seeing good growth. And it really comes down to execution of a marketing strategy that we believe is actually very appropriate and will be successful in the marketplace. Key issues that we're facing is really the adoption in the primary-care market. The adoption in the primary-care market we believe will be enhanced by better reach and frequency of calling. And to that end, the expansion of our field force lost is modest in terms of the total number of additional reps that are being added. It's... the… one of the key aspects of that is that the increase in our field force enables us to map more closely to… and align better to the field force that Lilly has in the field. What that enables us to do is have even tighter alignment with regards to co-plan and therefore enables us to adjust very dynamically our reach and frequency with physicians. It also does actually increase the total number of physicians that we will be targeting as well. We increased from 65,000 to over 75,000 physicians and taking our total number... the total percentage of physicians who prescribed our diabetes cover to over 80%. So just to say that I believe that at the end of the day we do have in place… we’re confident in the marketing strategies that we have in place. We do think that the better alignment as well as the greater number of representatives that we have in the field will increase our opportunity to expand in the primary-care market. But I do think that… I would emphasize that the programs that are effective that we've seen are the patient support programs that we initiated, the pilot work that we did there and then now are expanding that out further has been showing strong support. We are seeing that very specific information is given to physicians with regards to access to their local plans. That actually does… it's very, very helpful, and we're now able to roll out across both the Amylin and Lilly field forces that information. So there is a number of things that we are seeing in terms of tactics. Bottom line though the positioning that we have for the product of that… of emphasizing the dual benefits of the product in terms of glucose control and weight control does resonate well with physicians. And we are seeing increased benefits, increased positive perception of the product relative to competition on key prescribing parameters. And at the end of the day, the number one is efficacy with regards to effect on A1C and that is improving as we've… as we’re seeing going forward. So I do believe that we will be able to continue… we will be able to drive BYETTA growth going forward. I think what we're doing is putting in place tactics now, which will enable us to better execute against the strategy that we've had in place.
Margaret Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research: Thanks, and can I follow-up on that, Dan. Can you talk about patient retention? Has there been any change there? And what did you mean about little confusion on the reimbursement front?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So on the… so two questions there. So just regarding patient retention, well, I did mention about the patient support programs that we put in place. What we are seeing with the patient support programs is where we do get patients who are signing up for those programs, we are able to improve patient adherence. And so, that's one of the reasons why I mentioned on the call that we will be expanding those programs going forward. The... regarding the confusion about access, it's just the fact that BYETTA is viewed as a very innovative product and as such, for reasons which are not entirely obvious, physicians’ perception is that because it is so innovative and novel... and particularly in the... this is particularly in primary-care physicians. Their view is that... therefore it won't be available as freely as other products. And that's just not the case. In fact our access is extremely good. We have over 85% access with commercial managed-care providers. So that's what's driving us to actually ensure that in every call that every member of the field makes to a physician that they emphasize the availability of the product through the local plans and we've actually initiated in this quarter very specific information relating to local plans for each representative to share with their doctors and to enable them to change this perception.
Margaret Malloy - Goldman Sachs Research: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Meg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Ho with Banc of America Securities.
William Ho - Bank of America: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Can you... I Just want you to elaborate a little bit on Meg’s question I guess on what specifically is slowing the adoption or demand of BYETTA in that primary-care market? Are patients not comply… dropping off? Is it only the reimbursement? Why would additional salespeople help when you couldn't drive additional sales with your direct-to-consumer campaign late last year? And do you think this product is specific to BYETTA or will it impact LAR on any potential future launch as well? Thanks.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Hi, William. Thanks for your questions. I think there is multiple factors that play here, and as always you're looking for the sweet spot in combination when you're looking at your marketing strategy and your sales force execution. So there is a number of factors that play and we have been doing very extensive analysis to truly understand what all those factors are. The sales force expansion we believe is appropriate at this time. We do believe that we do need greater reach, but we also need to adjust frequency, the call plan, adjust the frequency appropriately based on prescriber potential. And we've done very extensive research looking into individual physician potential, and that's something that we intend to take advantage of. I would reemphasize as well the point that I was making, the expansion also enables that call plan to be more effectively executed due to greater alignment with our partner, Eli Lilly and Company. And so, that's also an important part, and when it comes to execution coordination in the field is really critical. The last part of your question was relating to once-weekly. I don't believe that at the end of the day what's going on with BYETTA will specifically be… can be correlated to what would happen with once-weekly. Once-weekly is such a transformational product. We believe it will be perceived very differently going forward than BYETTA. The work that we are doing though on the filed force expansion and as well as the alignment… greater alignment with Lilly, and I do believe that will drive growth for BYETTA going forward. I think it will set us up well for exenatide once-weekly going forward.
William Ho - Bank of America: So just to clarify, what you are saying… are you saying what's driving sales is the more pressure [ph] points you have and the more often your salespeople are contacting those doctors, that is the only thing pretty much driving sales up right now?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: We think touch points is important, but it's also who those touch points are… where are those touch points are I should say and who, but that's that is a component, as I said it’s multi-factorial. So it's not just the touch points, but it's also the execution of the overall marketing strategy that we have in place, which we know. When we do look at specific territories when executed well is very successful.
William Ho - Bank of America: All right, thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, William.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough with Lehman Brothers.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: Hi, guys. I just want to follow-up with that theme on what's going on at the primary-care level. You talked about 80% of prescriptions going through the primary-care physicians, but just wondering if you drill down to Lantus, what percent of Lantus’ prescriptions are initiated by primary-care physicians? Are those physicians who initiate Lantus less willing to initiate BYETTA and what are you doing about it? Because it strikes me that you're not getting any traction against Lantus and I'm just wondering what's the incremental data point that's going to give you that traction, and where do you need to be targeting that?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, great question, Jim. I appreciate it. Thank you. Yes, it's about the same actually with regards to Lantus initiation in terms of the percentage of scripts that are initiated relative to primary care and specialty. And your number of 80% is slightly… it is slightly greater actually than 80%, but it's good enough for purposes of discussion. At the end of a day, in terms of gaining traction against Lantus, one of the key things, and I it mentioned it earlier that it’s improving, is perception of efficacy and particularly efficacy with regards to glucose control. One of the key benefits of course… the key benefit that we have with BYETTA that is not possible to achieve with Lantus is that we have the benefit of being able to show that you can actually improve glucose control to the same extent that you can with Lantus, but with less weight gain and of course less hypoglycemia. And the publication that came out in the third quarter of last year is now… which is the [inaudible] publication is now being used extensively by our sales teams. I would say that one of the key things that we are stressing when we talk about the dual benefits of glycemic control and weight benefit is to emphasize the importance of weight management. This is very much a new paradigm for primary-care physicians with regards to glucose control, they’re very insulin centric [ph] currently in the way they think of managing these patients. And so… and don't actually, I don't think, realize what they... what opportunity they have with BYETTA. And so, it's important for us going forward to continue to emphasize the equivalent glucose control benefit that we have with Lantus, but also the additional benefit of weight loss.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: Just given that issue of trying to convince physicians that exenatide or BYETTA is at least as good if not better than Lantus. Don't you think the DURATION - 3 study is going to be critical to really gaining traction with the once-weekly, and why rush forward with the 300-patient study when DURATION - 3 might be the most impactful in terms of adoption?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: So you’re kind of switching there between BYETTA and once-weekly. I'm not quite tracking what you're trying to get at, Jim, in terms of why rush forward?
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: Well, I guess what I’m saying is --?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: [inaudible] DURATION - 3 is going to be very important, but… in terms of demonstrating superiority to insulin glargine, but where are you going on that one, Jim?
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: I guess what I'm wondering about is that if you're not getting traction right now against Lantus with the datas that you have already showing comparability of BYETTA to Lantus, perhaps what physicians want to see superiority, which you are seeking to prove in DURATION - 3. And if that's going to be a critical study for you, why rush the filing on a smaller 300-patient study that really doesn't address that question?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Smaller 300… well, it will address the question… that study is powered to demonstrate superiority versus insulin glargine. DURATION - 3 is powered to demonstrate superiority. Let’s be really clear. The number of patients is not what's required from a power standpoint. Just given the efficacy that we've seen in DURATION - 1 with once-weekly exenatide, we are confident that we will be able to demonstrate superiority. Are you suggesting that it is necessary for us to wait to complete that study before we put a submission in?
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: I am just wondering why not, if you're not traction right now against Lantus and that study may be critical to gaining that traction, why not wait?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Jim, we certainly intend to have the data for DURATION - 3 around the time of the launch of exenatide once-weekly. I wouldn't by the way necessarily agree with you in terms of not gaining traction. I think it's fair to say that when we look at the perception data that.... market research data that we're collecting regularly, what we are seeing is that we are gaining traction versus Lantus. I would point to you that Lantus actually is a very successful product. It is continuing to grow in its own right in the insulin market. But in fact, the overall population is growing. So we're gaining traction with regards to that perception.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: Just so if I can ask one quick question, just a follow-up on the manufacturing timeline. Just so if can understand in terms of demonstrating comparability of product, what data have you shown FDA so far? What's the next set of data that could support a waiver for bioequivalence? And then what would be the... what would a final study look like to show bioequivalence? Just trying to understand where you are at with FDA right now, what's the next bonus [ph] of data in terms of giving you potential for a waiver, and what would a final bioequivalence study look like?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Jim. We have actually done… shown the agency quite a lot of data already with regards to the... with regards to exenatide once-weekly formulation and had discussions with regards to comparability. As I said previously, the data is actually going to be continuously supplied to the agency in a way that we can then finalize what would be required to demonstrate comparability and determine whether or not the bioequivalency would be required for submission. At this time, I don't believe it would be useful for me to describe to you specific information that we've shared with the agency as that information… as a result of the fact that we have continuous ongoing discussions and of course so it will change on a very regular basis.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: Okay, thanks.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike King with Rodman & Renshaw.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. Can you hear me okay?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Hi, Mike. Good morning.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I just wanted to follow-up… you answered many of my questions about the commercial aspects of BYETTA, but I'm just wondering if we could get a little bit more color. I don't know if you can drill-down as far as what proportion of... it seems to me that you've got… if you've got 80% or so scripts being written by PCPs, the high riders should be almost as important as some of the Endos. So I am just wondering why that hasn't had a bigger impact in your view?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So Mike, just to clarify, 80% of the potential prescriptions are written by the physicians who we’ll be targeting, which is about 75%… 75,000 physicians. Currently, for BYETTA prescriptions, a lot greater proportion are currently being written by specialists than 20%, although the majority of prescriptions are still being… are now being written by primary-care physicians.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw, Inc.: Do you have a more accurate number, Dan?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: I actually don't have it off the top of my head here on the call, Mike. Just say though that your comment with regards to the high potential general practitioners is absolutely correct, and one of the things that I was stressing in response to a previous caller's question was the importance of our call plan and adjusting that call plan in terms of reach and frequency to maximize the efficiency of our field force with regards to leveraging the potential of those high prescribing general practitioners.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw, Inc.: Okay. And can you just comment about what's the recent sampling pattern been like?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we never give you specific numbers with regards to sampling, but just to say that our sampling has been pretty consistent over the last quarter. We haven't made major changes in our strategy over the last three months, although I would say to you that that is something that we look at on a regular basis and adjust depending upon demand.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw, Inc.: Yes, I [inaudible] like, if you could somehow redirect from Endos and specialists to PCPs?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say that when it comes to Endos to PCP, that's a decision was that’s being made by the territory managers in their territories as they look at the potential for new prescriptions.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw, Inc.: Okay. And then on I’m not sure of your answer to Meg's question about the 15% increase in the sales force, if that's going to be spread equally amongst you and… between you and Lilly or if there is... where that cost falls more heavily?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So just be clear, it's our sales force that is increasing by 15%, but remember that all commercialization costs in the United States are split 50-50 between ourselves and Lilly. So that cost is part of… it's a collaboration expense and would be split accordingly. Mark or Dan [ph], if you want to add anything to that?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think you covered it well.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw, Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Osborne with Lazard.
Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: Could you just highlight or specify when you plan to initiate the DURATION - 4?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Matt. We haven't given any guidance yet on when we are planning to initiate DURATION - 4. I think we’ll probably… we said in the second half of this year, but we haven't given any specifics with regard to it… any more specific than that.
Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And then just a question quickly, can you remind us what the price increase for BYETTA was in January? And then, Mark, I know you mentioned... if we could switch over to ex-US BYETTA, I know you mentioned as a part of the updated arrangement that you would record ex-US BYETTA sales upon a certain sales threshold, now that we’re six countries into the launch and anticipate 60 by the end of the year. Is there any kind of update in terms of timeline when you plan to report ex-US BYETTA sales? Thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Matt. Well, I’d just say, firstly the price increase was 6%…
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: 6% in mid-January.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: And one point of clarification, there’s this considerably more than six countries this year so far that have been launched and the total number I think so far is in the mid-20s. So just be clear on that. Mark, do you want to comment about the...
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: At this time, we are not updating the guidance. I think as we get further into the year, Matt, we'll certainly continue to watch that. We've said by the end of 2009 we need to get through the gross-margin threshold that we talked about before we start recognizing royalties on gross margin.
Matthew Osborne - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Are there any closing remarks?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, absolutely. So just a few final remarks to say thank you to everybody for being on the call today. We appreciate your time and your interest in our company. I would reiterate that at Amylin we are focused on driving further BYETTA and SYMLIN growth and accelerating the NDA submission for exenatide once-weekly. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's Amylin Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Q1 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael York - Senior Director of IR Daniel M. Bradbury - President and CEO Mark G. Foletta - Sr. VP, Finance and CFO Alain D. Baron, MD - Sr. VP, Research
Analysts: CoryKasimov - JPMorgan Margaret (Meg) Malloy, CFA - Goldman Sachs Research Steven Harr, MD - Morgan Stanley Jim Birchenough, MD - Lehman Brothers Equity Research Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray Yaron Werber, MD - Citigroup/Smith Barney
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2007 Amylin Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Antwain and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Michael York, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Michael York - Senior Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to Amylin's quarterly update conference call. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today's press release and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed on today's call. Let me introduce the other members of the Amylin management team here today: Daniel Bradbury, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer; Alain Baron, Senior Vice President, Research. I will now turn the call over to Dan Bradbury.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Michael. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. The New Year is off to a very busy start. Today we'll briefly recap progress with the business in 2007 as that success provides a platform for our 2008 work. The majority of our time will focus on the company's plans for the coming year. 2007 was a year of significant growth at Amylin. BYETTA and SYMLIN continued to experience growth in physician adoption and prescriptions, generating net product sales of over $700 million, a 48% increase over 2006. We were pleased to announce earlier this month additions to the SYMLIN portfolio, SymlinPen 120 and SymlinPen 60 pen injector devices. In addition, we announced positive clinical data from our key development programs, including exenatide once-weekly, BYETTA monotherapy, and our pramlintide-metreleptin obesity program. We did all this in the phase of significant challenges in the diabetes market. As a result, we are entering 2008 with momentum and are well prepared to grow in an increasingly complex marketplace. This marketplace is large and growing. In fact, the American Diabetes Association just published a study showing the direct cost of diabetes in 2007 with a staggering $116 billion, an increase of 26% from just five years earlier. The largest segment of these costs is related to complications from this pandemic. Clearly this situation is not sustainable. Now when we look at our investments in 2008, we are in balancing them across opportunities in the near, mid and long term. In the near term, we remain confident in opportunities for the continued growth of BYETTA and SYMLIN, as we have seen early signs of progress with our refined commercial strategies. Our mid-term plans focus on the exenatide once weekly program, which includes completing our Ohio manufacturing facility initiating a strong clinical program to position exenatide once-weekly for market dominance and working aggressively towards submitting an NDA. In the long term, we've made prudent investment decisions based on strong clinical data to advance our obesity program and continue supporting discovery research. Before we go into more detail about recent business activities, I'll turn the call over to Mark Foletta to review our financial results.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes thank you, Dan. Good afternoon. Earlier this afternoon, we announced our financial results for the quarter and the year ended December 31st, 2007. I'll start by reviewing the results for the fourth quarter. We reported total revenue of $222 million, including net product sales of $194.7 million. That is made up of $176.3 million for BYETTA and $18.4 million for SYMLIN resulting in fourth quarter growth in net product sales of 29%, compared to the fourth quarter of 2006 and growth of approximately 10% over the third quarter of 2007. We believe that the sequential growth rate in product sales above the sequential prescription growth rate, which was approximately 4%, primarily reflects wholesaler stocking due to year-end buying patterns. Our revenue under collaborative agreements was $27.3 million compared to $12.8 million for the same period in 2006. The increase reflects higher cost-sharing payments from Eli Lilly and Company to equalize development expenses for the exenatide portfolio, including BYETTA and exenatide once-weekly. Cost of goods sold was $22.1 million reflecting a gross margin of approximately 89%, This compares to cost of goods sold of $11.1 million for the fourth quarter of 2006 and a gross margin of approximately 93%. Gross margin decreased year-over-year primarily because of increased discounting to improve access for our products. Our results for the fourth quarter included a $17 million non-cash expense associated with the adoption of an employee stock ownership plan, also referred to as an ESOP. Of this amount, $10 million was recorded to selling, general and administrative expenses and $7 million was recorded to research and development expenses. This reflects the full annual impact of the plan for accounting purposes... for accounting purposes, ESOP charges are recorded annually, for the full amount to be contributed. This differs from accounting for stock options which are amortized to expense over the vesting period. An ESOP reflects the implementation of a strategy to change the composition of our equity compensation. We believe an ESOP enhances our ability to continue to retain and attract talent and aligns our employees with shareholders in the shared goal of creating long-term value. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the fourth quarter of 2007 increased to $122.4 million compared to $89.6 million for the same period in 2006. The increase primarily reflects increased promotional expenses for BYETTA and SYMLIN and increased business infrastructure to support our growth. Research and development expenses increased to $83.9 million for the fourth quarter of 2007 compared to $66.2 million for the same period in 2006. The increase primarily reflects costs associated with the development of exenatide once-weekly, including manufacturing scale-up expenses. Eli Lilly share of the gross margin for BYETTA, which we refer to as collaborative profit sharing, was $78.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2007 compared to $63.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2006. We reported a net loss of $76.9 million, or $0.57 per share for the quarter ended December 31st, 2007, compared to a net loss of $58.4 million, or $0.45 per share for the same period in 2006. At the end of the fourth quarter, we held over $1.1 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. I'll now quickly review top and bottom-line results for the full year. Total revenue for the year was $781 million, including net product sales of $701.5 million resulting in growth in net product sales of 48% over 2006. BYETTA revenue for 2007 was $636 million, and SYMLIN revenue was $65.5 million. This compares to total revenue of $510.9 million for 2006, including net product sales of $474 million consisting of $430.2 million for BYETTA and $43.8 million for SYMLIN. Revenues under collaborative agreements were $79.5 million for 2007 compared to $36.8 million for 2006. The increase reflects higher cost-sharing payments to equalize development expenses for BYETTA and exenatide once-weekly and $15 million in milestones associated primarily with the launch of BYETTA in the European Union during the second quarter of 2007. Our net loss for 2007 was $211.1 million, or $1.59 per share compared to $218.9 million, or $1.78 per share for the same period in 2006. I'd now like to highlight some information regarding key trends and assumptions for 2008. We've included in these numbers the estimates for non-cash stock-based compensation expense of $80 million to $90 million in aggregate. This includes expenses for both FAS 123R and our recently adopted employee stock ownership plan. We believe that total revenues will be between $900 million and $1 billion in 2008, including collaborative revenue of $100 million to $125 million. Our planned collaborative revenues for 2008 consist primarily of cost-sharing payments from Eli Lilly to equalize development expenses for the exenatide portfolio. No milestone payments are expected in 2008. Where we fall within the collaborative revenue range will depend on the amount of development expenses we incur and the mix of spending between Amylin and Eli Lilly. I'll talk about research and development expense guidance in a moment. But you should think of collaborative revenues moving in tandem with exenatide development expenses in 2008 such that if we incur higher development expenses, our collaborative revenue will be higher. We expect our gross margins to be at least 90% in 2008. With regard to expenses, we expect that our selling, general and administrative expenses for 2008 will be between $425 million and $475 million. This range is below the fourth quarter exit rate which included the costs associated with a pilot direct-to-consumer advertising program for BYETTA as well as the full annual impact of the ESOP plan I mentioned a moment ago. Our SG&A expense guidance includes approximately $50 million to $55 million of stock-based compensation expense and reflects continued investment in the promotional activities for BYETTA and SYMLIN, investments in pre-launched education activities for exenatide once-weekly and further investments in infrastructure to support our growing business. We expect that our research and development expenses for 2008 will be between $325 million and $375 million. This includes approximately $30 million to $35 million of stock-based compensation expense. Where we fall within this range of development expenses will depend primarily upon our level of spending on the exenatide portfolio and to a lesser degree, the level of investment in our obesity programs. Finally, in 2008, we expect net interest income to be between $5 million and $10 million. The decrease from 2007 reflects increased interest expense following our June 2007 convertible note issuance and our December 2007 term loan as well as decreased interest income due to lower expected interest rates and a lower average cash balances we fund our operations and continue to invest in our manufacturing facility in Ohio. I'll be available at the end of the call to answer any questions. And I will now turn the call back to Dan for an update on recent business activities.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mark. First off, I would like to give you a commercial update on BYETTA, the first and only FDA approved incretin mimetic, a new class of drugs that mimics the action of the human hormone glucagon-like peptide 1. BYETTA is indicated for patients with type 2 diabetes using oral medication and provides sustained glucose control, a low incidence of hypoglycemia and progressive weight loss. Physicians are increasingly recognizing that this unique combination of attributes of its unmatched clinical and quality of life benefits. Because of this, BYETTA increased market share among branded oral diabetes therapies in 2007. Total prescriptions for BYETTA grew 31% for the full year 2007 over 2006, and 4% for the fourth quarter over the third quarter. Total sales for BYETTA grew 48% in 2007 over 2006. When we look precisely at the dynamic in BYETTA prescription volume, we see two important functions at work. First, BYETTA used by earlier doctors who are predominantly specialists was remarkably stronger product launch. Use in this segment declined in 2007 but we believe stabilized towards the end of the year. More importantly, we're seeing a substantial and steady increase of BYETTA adoption from the later adopting, but much larger sector of BYETTA prescribers predominantly primary care physicians. We are encouraged to see the increased uptake from this group of physicians as these later adopters represent approximately 80% of diabetes prescriptions. Currently, almost three out of every four BYETTA prescriptions are written by physicians who are not specialists. This change in business mix from specialist focus to primary care is an important milestone in the evolution of BYETTA, and one we believe sets us up well for 2008. The increased adoption by primary care physicians was enabled by... in part by refinement in BYETTA commercial strategy that we undertook in concert with our partner, Eli Lilly. We believe these efforts provide the basis for continued growth and expansion through 2008 and beyond. So I'll take a moment to list them and then I'll talk through each. Number one, we implemented a campaign to doctors emphasizing BYETTA's unique benefits of glucose control with weight loss. This campaign gained momentum with the announcement of new important clinical findings that enhanced BYETTA's positioning in the market with powerful new messaging targeted at driving primary care adoption. This message was supported by our expanded and redeployed field force. Number two, we secured significant additional access for BYETTA with payers nationwide. And number three, we implemented and then optimized our patient support initiatives to align with our increasing focus on bringing BYETTA to the primary care market. Now let's delve into each of these. First off is our refined product messaging to physicians. As we've been discussing, BYETTA offers the dual benefits of glucose control with weight loss. From product launch through early 2007 physician used... seemed to focus on the product's most unique differentiator weight loss, even as an increasing body of clinical evidence underscored the strength of BYETTA's glucose lowering properties. So a key component of the brand strategy in 2007 and continuing for 2008 is to educate the medical community that BYETTA delivers effective and sustained glucose lowering. This focus was initiated in the beginning of 2007 and was substantially enhanced mid year, when we introduced head-to-head data versus the current gold standard in glucose controlled insulin. We focus on communicating three key messages; one, BYETTA offers powerful and sustained glycemic control which is comparable to insulin. Two, there is an important relationship between sustained glucose control and weight management in patients with type 2 diabetes. And three, there is a decrease risk of hypoglycemia with BYETTA compared with insulin. Now we have seen some positive signs, as a result of the campaign adopters detailing by this unique dual benefits of glucose control with weight loss. Recent sales force message tracking data has shown glucose control to have the highest unaided message recall among target physicians. What this means is that physicians are prescribing BYETTA for the right reason, while recognizing the unique dual benefits of glucose control and weight loss. We are encouraged that we are on the right track and are continuing to execute this messaging strategy. Now moving onto number two, access. As we entered 2008 we have increased tier 2 access for BYETTA to over 85% among managed care providers. We signed multiple agreements with large managed care providers in the fourth quarter. These plans came online on the first of this year and our field force along with Eli Lilly is actively communicating introduction of these new plans to ensure up-to-date information on the broaden access to our products. Now I'd like to talk about our third area of focus which is our recently initiated patient support efforts to enhance our patients' experience with BYETTA. As I mentioned, we piloted a direct-to-consumer advertising campaign in the fourth quarter. While the campaign increased patient awareness of BYETTA, we now believe our efforts are best focused on supporting physicians and patients starting BYETTA therapy. To do this in December, we launched the patient support initiative to facilitate the successful initiation of therapy by primary care physicians. With this program, we strive to maximize the clinical benefit for new patients and ensure a patient adherence to therapy. This multi-prong effort aimed at driving primary care adoption, includes increased patient educational material for healthcare providers to distribute in their offices, and network of approximately 600 diabetes educated to work with physicians and their patients within their local communities to increase successful new starts and continuation of BYETTA therapy; direct support to patients through the BYETTA easy start line which is a 1800 number, that allows patients to contact trained medical professionals to better understand the benefits of BYETTA therapy, and to get assistance starting and using the BYETTA Pen; a pharmacy support component partnering with managed care plans designed specifically to increase patients refills, and then finally an enhanced BYETTA website. We believe this support will prove helpful to patients who may be on their first injectable therapy as well as to primary care providers who may be less accustomed to treating patients with an injectable product earlier in the disease cycle, and who have pure resources in their offices. So in conclusion, BYETTA continued to grow through 2007. However, the rate of growth declined, and we are not satisfied with this. We are confident, however, that we have established the foundation for further growth in 2008. The mix of physicians prescribing BYETTA has evolved so that the largest segment of the market who are predominantly primary care physicians have been steadily increasing their prescription activity. We have seen positive signs as a result of detailing BYETTA's unique dual benefits of glucose control with weight loss. The managed care access to BYETTA has increased over 85% at tier 2 coverage and our sales force who will continue to communicate this broaden access with our key customers. Now whilst BYETTA is enjoying increased adoption in the larger segment of the market, we are also seeing more and more physicians deploying it across a continuum of care. Over half of product usage is after diet and exercise and after just one oral agent. We are encouraged that physician utilization of the product continues to be supported by new clinical studies. Results from a study examining BYETTA as a standalone therapy support the earliest possible use of the medicine in patients with type 2 diabetes. These study findings were significant. When BYETTA is used alone in drug naïve patients, more than 60% of patients at study end were at the goal of an A1C of 7% or less. This study is powerful proof point to physicians about why they should choose to deploy BYETTA early for their patients. We expect to file our regulatory submission for use of BYETTA as a monotherapy in the first half of 2008 with the target for approval in the second half. Now in addition to the U.S. there is a potential for significant BYETTA market penetration worldwide. In 2007, our partner, Eli Lilly, launched BYETTA in 24 countries. We anticipate that BYETTA will be in 60 countries by the end of 2008, and we're very excited to bring the benefits of BYETTA to patients on a global scale. Now let's move on to SYMLIN, a synthetic analog of human amylin, a naturally occurring hormone that is mainly in the beta cells of the pancreas, the same cells that make insulin. SYMLIN is the first and only amylin mimetic. Its key benefits of that... it provides mealtime glucose control and weight loss for patients who use mealtime insulin. I'll focus my remarks on impressive year-over-year sales for SYMLIN and discuss the recent launch of SymlinPen 120 and SymlinPen 60 pen injector devices. Total prescriptions for SYMLIN grew 22% for the full year 2007 over 2006 and 1% for the fourth quarter over the third quarter. Total sales for SYMLIN grew 50% in 2007 over 2006. In 2008, we have a major opportunity to advance SYMLIN in the marketplace. In the fourth quarter of 2007, we prepared the marketplace by educating key opinion leaders and payers on the benefits of SYMLIN Pen while completing the final manufacturing process. We started shipping pens in early January and have already begun to see prescriptions for the pen in the latest weekly data. We're pleased to report that within one month of the SYMLIN Pen launch, we already have approximately 60% open access for SYMLIN Pen from payers. SYMLIN Pen offers patients the flexibility to get SYMLIN in a convenient transportable fixed dose pen injector system, the easy to use pull, push pen is particularly helpful for patients... diabetes patients taking multiple injections. And indeed, market research supports our belief that this more convenient form of SYMLIN will encourage many of the 1.3 million patients in the United States taking mealtime insulin to now consider adding SYMLIN to their insulin regimen. Certainly that was what the message was that, that I heard recently when I was out in the field visiting with physicians. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Alain for an update on our upcoming research and development activities.
Alain D. Baron, MD - Senior Vice President, Research: Thank you, Dan. I want to share with you the latest about exenatide once-weekly, the next planned medicine in our pipeline. This product candidate brings unparalleled efficacy, tolerability and convenience in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. In regards to efficacy, the facts about exenatide once-weekly are impressive. 30-week treatment with exenatide once-weekly produced the best glycemic control and best weight loss observed in a pivotal study for any diabetes drug ever. The pivotal study found a breakthrough A1C reduction of approximately 1.9% from a baseline typical for the U.S. type 2 diabetes population. An unprecedented number of approximately 3 out of 4 study participants achieved an A1C of 7% or below. This powerful glucose efficacy was complemented with striking weight loss. In regards to tolerability, minor hypoglycemia was observed to only in patients receiving sulfonylurea, agents already known to cause hypoglycemia. Exenatide once-weekly is a very convenient form of therapy as it will be in a fixed dose and not required titration to patients. That means they can treat and manage their disease with just 52 doses per year compared to at least 365 doses per year with any other current therapies. Additionally, patients using exenatide once-weekly will not require additional glucose monitoring or dietary changes. We believe this unparalleled combination of efficacy, tolerability and convenience will lead to improved patient compliance and better health outcomes. Now that we have concluded our registration study, what is next for exenatide once-weekly. We believe the data generated by our pivotal study met the primary clinical efficacy endpoint and safety profile requirements for an NDA. We will submit based on these clinical data. We continue to work diligently on demonstrating comparability of product manufactured at development scale and product manufactured at commercial scale at the new site we are building in Ohio. We are on track to finalize the commercial scale manufacturing process at our new Ohio facility during the second half of 2008 and have plan to submit an NDA before the end of the first half of 2009. We wish to underscore that Amylin and our partners are working with determined focus to move the submission date forward. In addition, we have put in place an aggressive clinically relevant program that fits exenatide once-weekly against competing products to determine superiority. We believe our clinical program for exenatide once-weekly will provide powerful data that will demonstrate the value of the medicine to physicians, patients and payers. We anticipate this superiority strategy will favorably position exenatide once-weekly for market dominance. Here are some details on the clinical program. The first of these superiority studies is a blinded controlled trial comparing exenatide once-weekly with a TZD pioglitazone, and a DPP-4 inhibitor saxagliptin in patients on metformin background therapy. This study is currently enrolling patients, and we are on track to report results in the first half of 2009. We also plan to undertake an open label superiority trial comparing exenatide one-weekly insulin glargine where it will be added on the background of oral agent therapy. This study is anticipated to start in the first half of this year and results are also expected in the first half of 2009. We will follow with a newly expanded blinded superiority study in which exenatide one-weekly will be compared to either metformin or TZD pioglitazone or a DPP 4 inhibitor saxagliptin as standalone therapies for patients with type 2 diabetes. The first two studies are planned to enroll approximately 400 to 500 patients with the third study now amended with the expansion to enroll approximately 800 patients. Now, I will move on to describing our significant opportunities in obesity. We believe peptide hormones provide an unparalleled opportunity to create a meaningful product that produces clinically important weight loss and patient safety. In November of 2007, we announced our commitment to pursuing an obesity medicine that is the combination of pramlintide, an analog of human amylin, and metreleptin, an analog of human leptin. Those molecules are well known to us and have a well characterized safety profile. This commitment is based on impressive study results that we reported in November, namely 12.7% reduction in body weight over 24 weeks, when pramlintide and metreleptin were used together. This represents an average reduction of 25 pounds in body weight and 70% reduction in excess body weight from the study start. To place these data into context, a recent paper published in the Journal of the American Medical Association reported a reduction of approximately 60% of the excess body weight at 2 years after laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding, a surgical procedure. In 2008, we are continuing our development of a delivery system that will provide both pramlintide and leptin together in a single injection. Further, we are initiating a Phase II study to evaluate different dosing combinations of pramlintide and metreleptin. This is a six month multi-arm study that will enroll approximately 600 patients and will take about a year to complete. We believe this product candidate has the promise to meet the unmet medical need for highly effective safe weight loss therapies. Such a medicine will be a breakthrough for patients, physicians and payers, the latter of which has repeatedly signaled the need for both clinical and health economic outcome benefits in order to reimburse in obesity therapy. And now I would like to pass it back to Dan to conclude the call.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Alain. We're looking forward to sharing results of those important programs. I'll just add a few more comments before we close. We made an important management addition in January. Phil Ranker has joined us as Vice President of Finance. Phil brings over 20 years of financial experience in the health care industry and will work closely with Mark Foletta. In summary, we're pleased with how 2007 has put us in a favorable position in 2008, a year in which we're taking a balanced approach to our investments for near, mid and long-term growth. It is an exciting time here at Amylin as we execute to position the company for sustained value creation and growth. And I want to make it clear that in 2008 we are laser focused on one, driving further BYETTA and SYMLIN growth through our refined commercial strategies, including enhanced messaging, expanded access and supported patient and physician education programs; and two, accelerating the NDA submission for exenatide once-weekly. Now with that, I'll conclude the formal portion of today's call and turn things back over to the operator for your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of CoryKasimov with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
CoryKasimov - JPMorgan: Great. Good afternoon thanks for taking the question. First of all on exenatide once-weekly and regulatory situation there. What exactly would you need to demonstrate, approve to the FDA in order for the agency to not require bioequivalency studies you had, accelerated timeline as you mentioned?
CoryKasimov - JPMorgan: All right, fair enough. And then turning to BYETTA, based on your market research and perhaps some feedback from your sales force, how much awareness is building in the medical community about the results generated by BYETTA arm in the Phase III study with exenatide once-weekly. By that I mean the impressive 1.5% drop in A1C. And I realize your sale force can't be detailing this at time but as physician awareness growing here and is that beginning to impact utilization?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: , actually Cory, that data in particular of course isn't being used by our field force. But actually data that is being used by our field force is the comparative data that we generated in the open label study which compared BYETTA by either to insulin glargine. In that study the delta A1C from baseline to the end of the study was 1.4%. So actually that magnitude of benefit is already being communicated by our field force, but more importantly in comparison to insulin glargine, so we're able to emphasize not only the benefit of very significant glucose control, but also the benefits of low incidence of hypoglycemia, in fact, six times less hypoglycemia seen in that study than insulin glargine and of course progressive weight loss as opposed to weight gain in terms of insulin glargine therapy. So one of the key messages is coming out that our field force is using is the fact that there is a possibility to improve therapy over and above insulin glargine today by using BYETTA.
CoryKasimov - JPMorgan: All right, great, Dan. Thanks again for taking the question.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Cory.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meg Malloy with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Margaret (Meg) Malloy, CFA - Goldman Sachs Research: Hi thanks very much. Couple of quick ones. First, I guess, Dan, could you discuss the plans in terms of your commercial strategy, why not continue with DTC? And given the time it's held on the market, can you give us a flavor of your sense of for every 100 patients that start BYETTA therapy, how many drop out, how many are on six months, how many are on in a year? Some sort of quantitative measure of what the acceptance rate is. And then secondly for Mark, could you quantify the inventory change in Q4? And you had good gross margins, does that mean the discounting came down?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Meg. Let's take that one, two, three, so DTC and then you are looking at patients how long they stay on the product and then looking at your comment on inventory. Well let's first talk about DTC. As I said in the formal part of the call we actually think the pilot program... the DTC program that we did was actually very successful in terms of increasing patient awareness of BYETTA. However, to convert patient awareness into prescriptions as we move into the primary care market we think that there is increased need to provide more support to physicians and particularly to patients directly on initiating therapy with BYETTA as it's an injectable therapy. As you are aware primary care physicians have a lot less support in their offices than specialists. And so we are now moving the expense that we had on the DTC area into more directly to supporting patients in initiation of therapy. With respect to your question about how long patients stay on BYETTA, it's very similar to other injectable treatments in diabetes. What we are saying is that approximately if you looked at for instance say insulin glargine, you would expect to see at the end of around six months it would be approximately 50% patients would be still on that therapy. That is generally the case and it's very similar for BYETTA. The diabetes market is a market which is actually generally characterized by a lot of churn, and patients do switch back and forth between different therapies. So, the third part of your question I believe was regarding inventory, and I'll pass that over to Mark to answer that to answer that question.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Hi Meg, how are you?
Margaret (Meg) Malloy, CFA - Goldman Sachs Research: Good, thanks.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: The inventory channel of course we always caveat this with the limited visibility we have to the entire channel. But of course based upon the information we get from wholesalers, our belief is there was some channel... some stocking that occurred in the fourth quarter. What we said it... what I characterized in the opening remarks was that the revenue growth of 10% quarter-over-quarter versus a scrip growth of approximately 4%, that we think the primary reason for that excess of revenue over scrip growth is attributed to whole stocking in the channel. With respect to your question on margins, we did have improved gross margins 2007 over 2006, 91% versus 89%. We did message that we did... we have 85% managed tier 2 access for BYETTA as we entered 2008. Certainly that comes at a price and that we have continued to discount. We guided in the guidance section of the script that we expect margins to be at 90% or better in 2008.
Margaret (Meg) Malloy, CFA - Goldman Sachs Research: Thanks. Can I follow-up on the 50% rate?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Meg. You can ask anything you would like.
Margaret (Meg) Malloy, CFA - Goldman Sachs Research: Okay, thanks. I am just kind of curious so, is that in line with your expectations? And what the patients switch to, why would you switch if you've got sustained weight loss? And why would you... what are your options just to start BYETTA, when people do switch, what's the reason?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Patients I would just say... you do get variable response to the product as we know, and not everybody gets significant immediate glucose lowering and weight loss. So, the various reasons for changing vary from patient to patient. But I think it's fair to say that one of the reasons why we have been continuing to drive home the message particularly with primary care physicians of the importance of glucose control is setting up appropriate expectations for the patient. Clearly if somebody is going on to BYETTA just for weight loss that increases the opportunity for disappointment with regards to their expectations of the product. If they understand that they are taking BYETTA with the reason for controlling their blood glucose and they may have the benefit of weight loss as well then the opportunity for acceptance and satisfaction is greater. And that's certainly one of the... so that's one of the basis of our current positioning messaging. The other thing I would say is that that's another key component of why we have added an increased expense at the end of the year with our new and additional patient support programs is to ensure that when patients do start on these programs that they do have the extra support to maintain them on the program. I mentioned in the script one of the important aspects of this program is we have undertaken with a couple of major managed care plans, additional support and... sorry... and pharmacies we have undertaken a support program whereby patients supported where they call back to ensure that they get... increase the potential for refill of their prescriptions. So, overall we think that patient support programs are going to really help us with regards to maintaining consistency of use of the product going forward. But I would also stress to you that I don't think that BYETTA is much different than any other therapy in the diabetes marketplace in that regard.
Margaret (Meg) Malloy, CFA - Goldman Sachs Research: Thanks very much.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thanks Meg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Harr, MD - Morgan Stanley: I have a couple of questions. First off on the first BYETTA LAR head-to-head study which is I guess for the DPP 4 and TZB. Given the really significant and undisputed [ph] efficacy that we have seen from those few classes in trials to date. Why did you choose to include them in the same study? And is this trial powered to see differences versus both classes or how is it set up?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Steve, I'll pass that over to Alain. He is more familiar with the powering and everything in these studies.
Alain D. Baron, MD - Senior Vice President, Research: Yes. Hey Steve. The study is set up for superiority... the superiority trial is for TZB to be inferior to once-weekly and for DPP 4 to be inferior to once weekly, not comparability between the two. Okay, so that answers part of your question. So the reason why we went after these two compounds is they are increasingly used as you know as second line agents after patients have failed metformin. And what we are trying to show here is that this once-weekly therapy after the single oral agent failure such as metformin is going to be not only superior but also durable and associated with unparalleled efficacy namely patients getting to go but also with weight loss. And with the attendant cardiovascular risk factor improvements that we would expect and we have seen in our data set up till now, these trials will have extension phases as well. And so we will be able to nail that even further.
Steven Harr, MD - Morgan Stanley: It's like two separate trials rather than one study. So I am just trying to figure out why you would have them in the same trial, just a very different therapies in population?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: If the timing is right.
Steven Harr, MD - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And second of all, just I want to get a little better grasp of kind of where you are... where you see your OpEx went over time? At what point do you think is... you think will be able to allow a little more than incremental revenues that you are seeing fall the bottom line? And how should we think about this spending rate at the time of an LAR launch? Are we going to see significant acceleration or the decrease and pre-launch of manufacturing investments are going to lead to a stabilization?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Hey Steve, it's Mark. It's a good question, a fair question. I think I will talk... take it this way. If you heard the guidance that we gave for R&D it's an increase from R&D certainly from 2007. We find ourselves in this opportunity obviously with once-weekly. You just asked a question about those superiority studies. We did talk in the prepared remarks about the expansion of one of those superiority studies that will start in the second-half of the year. Also talked in the prepared remarks, Alain did about the obesity study 600 patient study. So obviously there is a lot of R&D activity going on in 2008 across what we call, I guess the mid, in the long term of our portfolio. It's hard to guide out beyond that. I think it's largely going to depend on R&D upon on data and then how we decide to move forward in obesity. But I would say it's a very heavy year for the exenatide franchise when you think about all of these once-weekly studies that we discussed. For SG&A the guidance that we gave, while it was an increase over '07, when you look at the fourth quarter exit rate, it was actually slightly below. I think we have to continue to rationalize that as we move forward, make sure we optimize our sales and marketing expenses as well as our infrastructure to support the growth of the business. But we have to be certainly mindful that we can't continue to increase as we move forward at significant rates. I think that down the road we'll certainly have to address on the sales and marketing front whether we need additional help in the field, I think offer once-weekly or even for BYETTA. But I think right now our view is that as we said in the prepared remarks that we have an adequate support in the field. So the business model will evolve. Steve it's a very good question. I just want to emphasize that we are mindful of that as we move forward. 2008 is set up as somewhat of an investment year as we've discussed but continued focus if you will on how the business model matures as we continue to drive these unique products forward.
Steven Harr, MD - Morgan Stanley: Think Mark, the frustrations that investors have dealt with, is there doesn't seem to be any effort or any articulation of how you are marking the market of the efficiency of the increased SG&A spend over the last few years. And every year is an investment year. I mean you guys have one of the highest burn rates in industry and how you plan on exiting yourself from that and creating a profitable business?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, hi Steve, let me add on to what Mark was saying. Just to say that clearly we are actually in... while you compare us with the rest of the industry we are actually in a pretty unique position relative to some of the other companies in the industry. And that we are competing in very large chronic disease markets. And also we have the opportunity which many people don't have of having a very significant follow on products going forward. If we look at the market opportunity for once weekly exenatide it's truly exceptional I think in terms of if you compare across the industry in terms of potential. And obviously we continue to be mindful of investment that will drive the increased value to shareholders over time. That's our goal. So, whilst I do recognize the need, in fact I would say it's very important that we continue to be mindful of burn rate. And that we also continue to have a focus towards generating a profitable business. Given the length of time that it takes to develop these products there is sometime that it will take us to get to a point where we are in a sustainable earnings growth trajectory. So, at this point though what we believe that the shareholders going forward that are best opportunities to increase investments to create the best competition... competitive position with regards to exenatide once weekly whilst continuing to drive BYETTA and SYMLIN as best we can so that we can maximize the opportunity for launching towards that product in the near term.
Steven Harr, MD - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks very much Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Birchenough, MD - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: Hi, guys I have a couple of questions. Just to start with, just wondering what prompted the increased sizing of that third superiority trial for the LAR?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jim. It's Dan here. I think... Alain can answer this question just as easily. But the opportunity really is that as we look to the situation it comes down to similarly the answer that we gave previously to the question about the design of the first study which is on the background of metformin. It's just an opportunity to be more efficient in generating data that enables us to establish superiority to the two existing products in the market. And of course what that means is when this study... because it's on the no background therapy, it really enable us to move exenatide once-weekly earlier in the continuum of care relative to two products which have been increasingly promoted as first line therapy.
Jim Birchenough, MD - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: And Dan, just on those superiority studies with the LAR. Can you speak to what manufacturing scale you'll be using in those studies and whether you'll be using any materials from the West Chester, Ohio facility?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jim. Yes. Definitely the plan is to use in the studies, actually, material from the West Chester facility. We'll be switching material into all three studies from the West Chester facility, as that facility comes online.
Jim Birchenough, MD - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: And just to follow-up to that. So given that you're going to be switching material over the course of the study, do you think FDA would want to see that data as part of an NDA filing?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: We don't believe at this time that the data from these studies Jim as required for us to complete our NDA submission. We believe we've generated the required efficacy data that would be required for a submission as a result of completing the pivotal study that we announced the results from last year.
Jim Birchenough, MD - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: And just I want to follow-up just on the point around the additional resources you are giving to help primary care physicians with BYETTA. Have you done any market research on whether you would need more resourcing of physicians with LAR? Or is LAR going to be easier for primary care physicians to position with their patients?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, great question Jim. That's something that we are actually doing a lot of work on at the moment. And so rather than answer you directly I would just say that of course during the course of 2008 we are going to further determine that. But it's certainly given the uniqueness of the product we think that there will be an opportunity actually for primary care physicians to... it should be most straightforward indeed for primary care physicians. But I will caution my remark by saying that that's work that's ongoing by our marketing departments both here and at Eli Lilly and Company at the moment.
Jim Birchenough, MD - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: I am going to ask the final question and I'll jump back in the queue. But just I want to make sure I understand your guidance for the year. If I look at collaborative revenues and the current run rate for SYMLIN and back that out we've got a guidance range for BYETTA of essentially $700 million to $720 million, up to $800 million. So it's essentially guidance for flat to 15% increase from BYETTA. Is that fair and why such wide range if that's the case?
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Jim I'll take that. It's Mark Foletta here. I actually wouldn't agree with that. Obviously we gave ranges, and we will stay with those ranges. I think it's important that there was as we said some... when you are thinking about how to calculate that and of course where you land within that range, there was some stocking that happened in the fourth quarter. We talked about that earlier. So when you are annualizing the fourth quarter you probably need to take into play. But we certainly believe within that range if there is meaningful growth for BYETTA and of course dependent upon where you lie within that range, it will be more significant as we get further end of the range. So, we certainly expect growth from BYETTA in 2008.
Jim Birchenough, MD - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: Okay, thanks for taking the question.
Mark G. Foletta - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Thanks very much. I wanted to ask on a pre-NDA meeting for exenatide once-weekly. What's the rate limiting stuff there to arranging that meeting with the FDA? You have the data for a little while. So is it something on manufacturing? Do you have to actually have the data for this in-vitro and vivo correlation work anything preclinical that's outstanding?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Thomas, I'll ask Alain to answer that question for you.
Alain D. Baron, MD - Senior Vice President, Research: So Thomas, thanks for the question. Dan indicated that in his terms we are using a belts and braces approach. And what he meant by that I believe is that we're working on multiple fronts to address this issue of comparability. And we are not taking any chances on any one approach. So as we develop more data on each of these approaches we then have more precise, if you will conversations with the FDA that will lead us to the pre-NDA meeting. And we will not go to the pre-NDA meeting without having some clear idea of what we will put in our package and what the agency wants to see. So by then we should really be looking at dotting the i's and crossing the t's. So it's an iterative process. We're not going to get into all the details, but the timing of the pre-NDA meeting will be dependent on this iterative process and then winnowing down all these variables to a neat package. And I think it's fair to say and dovetailing in some of the previous questions, we will have a large package of data, not just in vitro and in vivo correlations, but also a number of data points in the clinic of the various trials that we have ongoing, not the least which is the pivotal trial that we conducted which is now in the open label condition. In which case we will employ the Ohio material from our plant whenever it is available in that trial for further comparability work. So we will have a package of information that we will be bringing forth to the agency, and it is in that totality of the package that we will have that conversation.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: On that, I had a couple of questions. One just on re-circling back to this whole topic of SG&A. One of your competitors has described how they will be reevaluating whether or not their 1900 large sales force in U.S. is large enough for competing GLP-1 launch. Would love to hear your perspectives on how that two of you are ending up on very different ends of this spectrum on the SG&A question? And then on the PCPs and why you've maybe not seen as much growth of BYETTA there. I guess I am a little bit confused listening to the commentary here, should I take away from this that, that physicians have tried it but have had a negative initial experience due to perceiving it as a weight loss drug? I am still little bit confused about what you think the primary hurdle has been for PCPs to adopt this product?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thomas I think it's okay. I'll take the first question which was related to field force sizing. And then the second question I'll answer but I do think that actually your question was actually confusing an answer to a completely different question. So let me start with the field force sizing. So I thought it was pretty interesting that... in fact after we came out with the data for the pivotal data for the once weekly exenatide that they actually announced that they were probably looking at resizing their field force. So I think it probably says quite a lot. But just to say that we are of course continuing with our partner Eli Lilly and Company to evaluate exactly the optimum field force size that we'll adopt at the time we launched the once-weekly product. I would just say that that's something that we are keeping to ourselves at the moment and we are also continuing to further evaluate. Now the question that I answered earlier was a question relating to persistency of use of the product, and was really referring to that the fact that if the expectations for the patient need to be set appropriately when the patient is introduced to the product, the question that you were asking was a lot broader which is, what is the barrier for the adoption of BYETTA by primary care physicians? So there is... which is different than a question regarding persistency. So there is a number of challenges in introducing BYETTA to primary care physicians, and that I think what my formal part of my presentation I really talked to was the initiatives that we have taken... undertaken. So, first and foremost is setting an appropriate expectations for the product, for primary care support... couple of things, firstly understanding the physiology and the science behind BYETTA. We don't have as much access and as much time, so it takes longer to get people educated on the uniqueness and the unique benefits of BYETTA. Secondly, for primary care physicians access is extremely important. And so the efforts that we have been making with regards to access have been I think very important in the latter half of last year. Now, in primary care physicians are a lot less likely to write for prior authorizations than the specialists are. And then I'd say thirdly, with regards to primary care physicians, one of the biggest challenges is educational time with the patient about how to use the product. And in the case of an injectable product, they're clearly more complicated to introduce than an overall medication. Most people know how to swallow not necessarily how to give themselves an injection. So introducing the patient support program is something that we've initiated, which we believe enhances our opportunity to surprise support for primary care physicians and so ensure that we can get continued growth in that area. Did I adequately answer your question? I want to make sure I did.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Yes, thanks.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks very much Thomas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Yaron Werber, MD - Citigroup/Smith Barney: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have a follow-on to some of the previous questions. Just to understand maybe a little bit, can you give us a sense at which point do you think you will be ready to have all the data that you need to go to the FDA and conduct your end of Phase II meeting? And can you give us a little bit of a sense of if you do need to conduct a bioequivalent study, give us a little bit a sense of what kind of a study are we talking about, how many patients and how many weeks? I mean, from our work it suggests that it could be about a 12-week study. So if it's so short, why would the agency decide not to... that the study might not be needed? I mean, just given the size of the market here and there, and just their inherent conservatism these days, why would they decide that this is not a good thing to do?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, hi Yaron. I certainly agree with you with regard to the conservatism of the FDA these days. I just say we haven't changed our guidance with regard to the timing of submission of an NDA for once weekly exenatide. We are still guiding that we expect to complete the submission by the end of the first half of 2009. With regards to specific information as to what information we require to submit to the FDA, I would just say that there are a number of ways to demonstrate comparability of material produced at our facility in West Chester, Ohio, versus that which is produced at the Wilmington facility that Alkermes has in Ohio. Bioequivalency is one method. However, it is not a method that has been required most recently within the FDA for long-acting injectable products. And so what is important for us, as Alain indicated in his response earlier, is to generate data and continue the iterative discussions that we have with the agency in that regard to ensure that we are able to demonstrate comparability and in a way that is scientifically acceptable to the agency. Remember, bioequivalence is per se and I can't comment on your statement with regard to study design. Bioequivalence though was as part of the qualification for a new site was actually... that is in guidance was actually written for oral medications. There is no guidance per se for injectable medications and certainly not for sustained release injectable medications. So I don't want you to be confused about what would be an FDA guidance in this regard. What is important is that the agency is able to show themselves that the material that is produced in a new manufacturing facility is comparable to the material that was used in the pivotal study that is used for the basis for approval.
Yaron Werber, MD - Citigroup/Smith Barney: And you believe that you can do that based on in vivo studies alone or would you -- ?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think there's a number of deferent opportunities, as Alain mentioned, for us to do that, including, as he pointed out, there will be switching patients from the ongoing open-label extension from our pivotal study, patients to the material that will be generated at our West Chester facility. So we will have a range of different data points from different studies that will give us both in vitro and in vivo, both animal and human data that will enable us to be able demonstrate comparability. As I said, it's belt and suspenders approach to ensuring that we are successful in this regard.
Yaron Werber, MD - Citigroup/Smith Barney: And then just finally, if you were to file, let's say, in the first half of '09 and you are not able to, let's say, bring it up forward, by which point you were mentioning you will probably have data from two out of the big Phase III studies, within that timeline, are you assuming that you are going to go ahead and file that data as well if the agency requested or if they request that data, would that be potentially something you'll have to do in parallel after the application is already filed?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yaron, I think we will make an assessment at the time we make the submission what is most appropriate informant that we can put in. Of course, one thing we will absolutely have to do at the time we submit our application is complete it with the total safety dataset that we have from all of our completed and ongoing studies, and indeed during the time of review there'll be an update... safety update in that regard as well. So let me just say that I think there is too much conjecture in your question because it's kind of if this happens and if that happens then would you do this and that's I think too difficult for us to guide to at the moment.
Yaron Werber, MD - Citigroup/Smith Barney: Okay, great, thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Yaron.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Salveen Kochnover with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, actually this is Brent Kelly [ph] in for Salveen. As the West Chester plant nears completion, can you give us a sense of where things stand today and what still needs to be done before commercial batches start to come out of that plant? And also how would you potentially handicap A1C reduction beyond 1.9% for any periods longer than 30 weeks with LAR?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Brent. So, a great question. So firstly, in terms on where the West Chester facility is, it's going actually extremely well. I mean, I would say that the team there is continuing to, I think, make great progress towards our timeline of finalizing the commercial process in the second half of this year. The work that needs to be completed at the moment is we are continuing to do additional process development work and in particular the most important thing at this time is the many hundreds of standard operating procedure that have to be put into place, finalize, signed off for a new facility to be able to produce commercial material. That's ongoing at this time. Your question with regards to, so what will the data look like after 30 weeks, well, I think that would be pure conjecture on my behalf at this point. I do expect that once we get to the American Diabetes Association meeting in the middle of this year that we will have longer exposure data that we'll be able to share with everybody. But I would say the data that we've got at the moment with 75% of patients getting to 7% or less or two third of them, if they start above 9%, it's pretty darn good. And it's... I think it's pretty... it's a lot harder to get better than that. So I am feeling pretty good about the 30-week data and look forward to seeing what the long term data is. Of course we know with BYETTA what we saw was sustained glucose control over long period of time. Actually data that we've shown is over 3.5 years. So that's something that we don't have any theoretical reasons why we shouldn't continue to see sustained glucose control with the once weekly version.
Unidentified Analyst: Does the LAR trend line give you any indication?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Does the LAR, sorry?
Unidentified Analyst: The A1C trend line?
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that would be inappropriate for me to comment on at this time seeing that it's data that's being submitted for publication.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Daniel M. Bradbury - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much. So with that having being said, I'd now like to take a few moments just to make a few final remarks to say thank you to everybody today for being on the call. We appreciate your time and your interest in our company. I am pleased to report to you a strong year of growth here at Amylin in 2007, in adoption of our two first-in-class products, advancement of our pipeline programs, and progress on our pathway to transform into a full instigated biopharmaceutical company. As I said earlier, at Amylin, our path is very clear in 2008. We are focused on driving further BYETTA and SYMLIN growth and accelerating the NDA submission for exenatide once-weekly. And with said, I would like to say thank you for being on the call today.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alice Izzo - ED of Corporate Affairs Daniel Bradbury - President and CEO Mark Foletta - SVP Finance and CFO
Analysts: Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley Salveen Kochnover - Jefferies & Company Matt Osborne - Lazard Mike King - Rodman & Renshaw Thomas Wie - Piper Jaffray Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns Sumesh Sood - FBR George Farmer - Wachovia Securities
Operator: Good day ladies and gentleman and welcome to the Third Quarter 2007, Amylin Pharmaceuticals' Earnings Call. My name is Maria and I will be your audio coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode, and we will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to Ms. Alice Izzo, Executive Director of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Alice Izzo: Good afternoon. Welcome to Amylin Pharmaceuticals quarterly update conference call. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today's press release and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed in today's call. Let me introduce the other members of the Amylin management team here today; Daniel Bradbury, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer; and Orville Kolterman, Senior Vice President, Clinical and Regulatory Affairs. I will now turn things over to Dan Bradbury.
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks Alice. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. It has been a busy quarter and we have seen strong execution across our business. Our two first-in-class medicines BYETTA and SYMLIN continue to experience increased adoption in the diabetes community. During the quarter, we gained approval for the SymlinPen, which offers patients who are treating their diabetes with SYMLIN, the potential for improvements and convenience and accuracy. We've also called the new leader in increasing brand awareness for BYETTA by initiating a pilot consumer education program that provides information to patients through print, television and the internet. Additionally, we are on schedule and making great progress with the construction of our Ohio facility with over a 120 employees now in place to continue preparations for eventual commercial manufacturing of exenatide LAR, our once-weekly version of BYETTA. We also had a successful European association for the study of diabetes meeting in September, where joined our global partner Eli Lilly and Company, who had a major commercial presence at the first major European Congress after the EU launch of BYETTA in the second quarter of this year. While at EASD, we presented compelling clinical and pre-clinical data. Had many discussions with leading clinicians, and continue to build on positive relationships with the diabetes community. We are now looking forward to an exciting fourth quarter, when we expect clinical data from key pipeline programs. Before I get into more detailed discussion of recent activities, I will turn things over to Mark Foletta to review our financial results released earlier today.
Mark Foletta: Thank you, Dan, and good afternoon. Earlier this afternoon, we announced our financial results for the third quarter of 2007. We reported total revenue of $190 million, including net product sales of $177.4 million. That is made up of a $161.1 million for BYETTA and $16.3 million for SYMLIN, resulting in third quarter growth in net product sales of over 28%, compared to the third quarter of 2006 and growth of 6% over the second quarter of 2007. Our revenue under collaborative agreements was $12.6 million, compared to $8.2 million for the third quarter of last year. Cost of goods sold was $13.8 million, reflecting a gross margin of approximately 92%. This compares to cost of goods sold of $14.5 million for the third quarter of 2006 and a gross margin of approximately 90%. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the third quarter of 2007 increased to $87.7 million from $69 million for the third quarter of 2006. This increase was driven by higher promotional expenses for BYETTA and SYMLIN, increased expenses associated with our expanded field force, and increased business infrastructure to support our growth. Research and development expenses increased to $61.5 million for the third quarter of 2007 compared to $53.7 million for the same period in 2006. The increase primarily reflects increased development expense for Exenatide LAR and ongoing costs associated with the advancement of our obesity development programs.  Eli Lilly share of the gross margin for BYETTA, which we referred to as collaborative profit sharing, was $75 million for the third quarter of 2007, compared to $57 million for the third quarter of 2006. And we reported a net loss for the quarter of $39.8 million or $0.30 per share compared to a net loss of $46.1 million, or $0.36 per share for the third quarter of 2006. The net loss for the quarter ended September 30, 2006, included a $7.9 million non-operating charge related to a make-whole payment associated with the early redemption of convertible senior debt in August of last year. At the end of the third quarter, we held over $1 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and short term investments. I will now quickly review top and bottom-line results for the nine months that ended on September 30, 2007. Total revenue was $559 million, including $506.7 million of net product sales, and revenue under collaborative agreements of $52.2 million. This compares to total revenue of $347.5 in 2006. Net product sales for 2007 consist of $459.7 million for BYETTA and $47 million for SYMLIN. Our net loss for the nine month period was $134.2 million or $1.02 per share, compared to $160.4 million or $1.33 per share in 2006. I will now move to highlight some information regarding our view of the key trends and assumptions for the remainder of 2007. As a reminder, we've included estimates for non-cash stock-based compensation in the expense categories. Based upon our assessment of recent growth trends, as well as our ongoing sales and marketing initiatives for BYETTA and SYMLIN, we're adjusting our previous guidance for total revenues in 2007 to a range of $760 million to $775 million, from in excess of $800 million. Our total revenue guidance includes a tightening of our previous guidance for collaborate revenue from $60 million to $70 million, to $65 million to $70 million. With regard to expenses, we expect that our selling, general and administrative expenses for 2007 will be at the low-end of our previous guidance of $375 million to $400 million. Increased spending is expected in the fourth quarter to reach this annual guidance and includes our recently initiated consumer education program for BYETTA, expenses for our ongoing sales and marketing efforts, and costs associated with our Ohio operation and business infrastructure to support this growth. This guidance also includes approximately $35 million of stock based compensation expense. We expect that our research and development expenses for 2007 will be towards the midpoint of our previous range of $250 million to $275 million. This guidance includes approximately $25 million of stock based compensation expense and reflects the continued support of both BYETTA and SYMLIN, investment in Exenatide LAR or obesity pipeline and other research activities. Finally, I would like to remind you that our 2007 plan in this guidance contemplates an improvement in our operating results compared to 2006. As you know we are managing a very dynamic business. Our revised guidance reflects our continued commitment to prudently manage our expenses in line with our revenue growth while continuing to make appropriate investments to enable both growth in revenue and pipeline opportunities with an overall goal of continuing to enhance shareholder value. I will now turn things back to Dan for an update on recent business activities.
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks Mark. First off I would like to give you a commercial update on BYETTA, our first in class diabetes medicine for patients with Type II diabetes. We have high expectations for the value BYETTA can bring to patients. BYETTA revenue grew 6% quarter-over-quarter and we have seen sustained prescription growth. We continue to reinforce our efforts to see that BYETTA benefits as many patients as possible. We are striving to change ingrained behavior by introducing the first and only incretin mimetic, an injectable therapy in an oral market. And we're focused on the long-term and on bringing innovation to a large and growing chronic disease market. To do this we have an integrated program to further increase adoption of BYETTA including enhanced messaging, sustained execution by our sales force, continued medical education efforts and optimized sampling program, a strong commitment to facilitating reimbursement and a pilot consumer education initiative. Here are some of the specific steps we are taking. We continue to support BYETTA with new clinical data including information presented at the recent European Association for the study of diabetes meeting. One compelling study showed that with similar glycemic improvement, one year of exenatide treatment improved indices of beta cell function compared to insulin glargine, would reduces the risk of hypoglycemia and weight loss instead of weight gain. This supplements three previous studies showing better clinical outcomes with BYETTA compared to insulin and these results will be part of our sustained commitment to medical education activities. As we continue building a better understanding of the BYETTA profile we have more clearly emphasized the key attribute of BYETTA, improved glucose control. Our market research indicates that this is now the first message healthcare provider's recall, which is significant because glucose control is considered the most important attribute for a diabetes product. We believe continued expansion of this new treatment paradigm is depended on understanding the true benefit of BYETTA to patient's durable glycemic control, no increased risk of hypoglycemia, and weight loss. Moving on to reimbursement, a critical part of our continued market success is patient access to our therapies. We continue to sustain our favorable formulary placement and have approximately 85% of managed care patients with access of Tier 2 or Tier 3 with nearly 75% at Tier 2 access. Additionally, we have recently improved access to BYETTA for Medicare Part D and Medicaid patients. I am proud to say our success is in large part because our managed-care liaisons have made a strong contribution to improve understanding of BYETTA and SYMLIN, as evidenced by Healthcare Strategies Group ranking them the best in the industry when it comes to their clinical expertise. Now, I would like to talk about some of our recently initiated consumer education efforts. With two years of market experience, primarily focused on physicians [in pairs], we are expanding our education efforts to patients and consumers. We have just started a patient support program to maximize the clinical benefit for new patients and ensure patient adherence to therapy. We feel this support is helpful to patients, who may be on their first injectable therapy, as well as the primary care providers, who may be less accustomed to treating patients with an injectable product earlier in the disease cycle. Additionally, we believe the consumers who have Type II diabetes are seeking new information to help with their therapy. The time is right to pilot an integrated program that provides information to consumers through print, television and the internet to introduce them to BYETTA. So at the end of the third quarter, we initiated a pilot program that encourages adults, who feel they may need better blood glucose control to ask their doctor, if BYETTA is right for them. We hope this increased awareness will help many patients take better control of their blood glucose levels and prompt them to have more informed conversations with their healthcare providers. The sum of our marketing efforts resulted in a continued quarter-over-quarter growth in prescriptions and approximately 20% growth over the third quarter of last year. Additionally, market share growth for both new and total prescriptions in the third quarter resulted in an all time high for the brand in total prescriptions. We also reached an all time high in physician adoption of BYETTA. However, I would like to emphasize, that we believe there remains significant room for sustained growth with our existing indications for this product. Now I would like to move on to expansion opportunities for BYETTA, both in the US and elsewhere. Our clinical study of BYETTA monotherapy use in patients early in the continuum of care for Type II diabetes is expected to be completed later this quarter. We expect to report results later this year and for early next year and we plan to file for an expanded indication in the first half of 2008. Also with our global partner Lilly we remain on track to launch BYETTA in over 30 countries by the end of the year. In the third quarter alone Lilly launched BYETTA in several markets outside the US including Russia, Columbia, Chile, the Philippines, Australia and New Zealand. We are excited to bring the benefits of BYETTA to patients on a global scale. Now let's move onto SYMLIN, our first-in-class diabetes medicine for patients with Type II and Type I diabetes who use meal time insulin. In the third quarter SYMLIN prescriptions continued to grow, though at a lower rate quarter-over-quarter. However we are pleased to announce the approval of SYMLIN Pen 60 and SYMLIN Pen 120 during the quarter. We believe these will be an important addition to the SYMLIN portfolio to enable future growth offering patients who are treating their diabetes with SYMLIN, and for potential improvement in convenience and accuracy. We are in the midst of the manufacturing process and field activities to support and end of year launch of these pens. Moving on to other SYMLIN news. We were disappointed to receive a not approvable letter from the FDA for the use of SYMLIN with basal insulin in patients with Type II diabetes. As a reminder SYMLIN is currently indicated to use with mealtime insulin and we were hoping that the expanded indication of SYMLIN use with basal insulin alone would be approved. The FDA felt that SYMLIN did not demonstrate adequate efficacy for approval based on A1C alone in the 16-week study we submitted. However, the primary endpoint in the placebo-controlled study, as originally agreed with the FDA, was a composite endpoint that included A1C as one component, but also included effects on postprandial glucose, weight, and severe hypoglycemia. And just to be clear, SYMLIN did demonstrate a significant difference in the composite endpoint. So, while this is not the news we had hoped for, we will be working with the FDA to understand further requirements needed to gain approval in the future. We will continue supporting SYMLIN in the marketplace and we believe that the introduction of the SymlinPen enhances SYMLIN's opportunity in an already large and growing market of 1.3 million patients currently using mealtime insulin. With that, I will now turn things over to Orville for an update on clinical aspects of our marketed products and our upcoming research and development milestones. Orville?
Orville Kolterman: Thank you, Dan, and good afternoon. As the lead of Regulatory Affairs in Amylin, I would like to begin by commenting on our commitment to keep patient safety first. A commitment shared by our Lilly colleagues working with us on the BYETTA program. An important aspect of that commitment to patient safety is the timely fulfillment of our post-approval commitments for both SYMLIN and BYETTA. In terms of SYMLIN, there are two post-approval commitments. The first is an observational study focused on evaluating the safety of SYMLIN as it is used in the marketplace. The focus of the study is insulin-induced severe hypoglycemia. During the development program this was identified as a risk occurring primarily in patients with Type 1 diabetes who are using mealtime insulin therapy. This increased risk is limited primarily to the first three months of therapy, which we have referred to as the initiation phase of therapy. Amylin committed to enroll 1,250 patients in this study and follow them through their initial six months of therapy. As of last week, this study is fully enrolled, which will allow us to complete the study and report to the FDA within the originally agreed timeframe. The data to-date demonstrate that the method of use outlined in the SYMLIN package insert allows for the safe initiation of therapy, plus enabling these patients who have an absolute requirement for insulin therapy, to utilize SYMLIN to achieve better management of their disease. The second post-approval commitment for SYMLIN was a small pediatric pharmacokinetic study to evaluate the pharmacokinetic profile and in turn identify an appropriate dose for use in the pediatric population. That study has been completed and the report to the FDA is under preparation. In addition, we have diligently monitored all reported adverse events from the marketplace and reported them to the FDA in periodic safety updates. To-date, no new safety concerns have been observed during SYMLIN therapy. Turning to BYETTA, Amylin and Lilly committed to conduct a similar pediatric pharmacokinetic study so that's done for SYMLIN to support BYETTA in the marketplace. This study has been completed and submitted to the FDA. A second commitment involved a drug-drug interaction study between BYETTA and oral contraceptives. That study has also been completed and submitted to the agency. A committee was also made to implement a pregnancy registry to track the outcomes of pregnancy in females of child-bearing age using BYETTA. We are in the final stages of building the infrastructure for that study, and qualifying patients will began to be entered before the end of 2007. Similar to our activities for SYMLIN, we've diligently monitored all reports of adverse events in the marketplace as a cornerstone of our commitment to patient safety. As with SYMLIN, these adverse events have been summarized and reported to the FDA in periodic safety reports. Since, market introduction in June of 2005, over 700,000 patients have been treated with BYETTA. During this monitoring, cases of pancreatitis, an inflammatory condition of the pancreas were noted. As we have shared publicly on previous occasions, these cases have been investigated in detail employing both the expertise internal to Amylin and our alliance partner Lilly, and panels of independent academic and clinical experts. To-date, we have not identified a causal relationship between the occurrence of pancreatitis, a condition which appears to occur with increased frequency in patients with Type 2 diabetes and the use of BYETTA. While that causal relationship has not been firmly established, an association is suspected. Although, the data regarding pancreatitis, including the event rate of pancreatitis, has not changed with increased patient exposure. Dialogue with the FDA, which has been ongoing since the initial observations of pancreatitis led to an agreement that the label language related to this matter should be updated to assist prescribing physicians and patients in distinguishing between the expected tolerability issues associated with BYETTA use, and to the potential onset of acute pancreatitis Yesterday the FDA published a Healthcare Professional Sheet on their website indicating that the BYETTA label is being updated to include additional guidance regarding symptoms of severe and persistent abdominal pain, which may be accompanied by vomiting that may been indicative of acute pancreatitis with general guidance for the prudent management of this condition. This information is being moved for [crossing sections] of the package insert, and a Dear Healthcare Professional letter will be circulated in the near future by Amylin and Lilly to highlight these observations to prescribing physicians in an attempt to ensure that patients with persistent and serve abdominal pain, especially when associated with vomiting, receive prompt medical attention. These communications will also be shared via the www.byetta.com website. I would now like to move and share some key points that I would reiterate and that will be included in the Dear Healthcare Professional letter that includes the following. Since market introduction in June 2005 to July 2007, over 700,000 have been treated with BYETTA. The cumulative spontaneous reporting rate for pancreatitis over this period is 0.020 events for 1,000 patient years of exposure. Resolution of pancreatitis was observed with supportive treatment and suspension of suspect medications including BYETTA. Among the reported cases of pancreatitis, a significant proportion of patients had at least one independent risk factor for pancreatitis. For spontaneous post marketing reports received since market introduction in June 2005 through July 2007, the time to onset a pancreatitis after initiation of treatment with BYETTA has been variable, ranging from one day to over one year. There was no evidence of pancreatitis in the pre-clinical toxicology studies. The incidence of pancreatitis observed during clinical development of BYETTA was lower for exenatide treated subjects, six cases compared to placebo treated subjects 1 case. Those numbers translate to 1.7 events per 1000 subject years of patient exposure for exenatide treated subjects compared or contrasted with 3.0 events per 1000 subject years of placebo treatment. There are also has been one case in an insulin treated subject in a comparative group translating to an event rate of 2 events per 1000 subject years. An epidemiologic study that reviewed data from 2000 to 2005, showed a greater background incidence of acute pancreatitis in patients with Type II diabetes treated with oral anti-diabetic medications compared to an age and sex matched non-diabetic cohort. While casualty cannot be firmly established and association is suspected to better understand the relationship if any between the use of BYETTA and reports of acute pancreatitis. Amylin and Lilly will continue to carefully monitor such events through ongoing surveillance and analysis in addition to continuing ongoing epidemiologic investigations. Now I would like to turn to the exciting research and development milestones we anticipate before the end of the year. Our most important development program, exenatide LAR, is a collaboration, with our partners Lilly and Alkermes to bring to market an important new medicine for the treatment of patients of Type II diabetes. We remain on track to report results from the ongoing long-term clinical study of exenatide LAR later this quarter. We also remain on track to finalize the commercial manufacturing process for exenatide LAR in the second half of 2008 in our manufacturing facility in Ohio. I would also like to remind you about the ongoing clinical studies in our obesity program. As many of you know we have taken a unique approach to the development of therapies for obesity, referred to as the INTO Strategy or Integrated Neurohormonal Therapies for Obesity. We're assessing three molecular franchises, Amylin, PYY 3-36, and Leptin, and are evaluating several combinations of these, and existing obesity agents in clinical studies. As a reminder, based on pre-clinical data in animals, there is a potential to produce double-digit weight-loss, expressed as a percentage of bodily weight using multiple therapies. The largest of these on going studies is a combination of Pramlintide, which is the Amylin analog that is the active ingredient in SYMLIN, plus Leptin, a hormone secreted by fat cells. This proof of concept study will attempt to replicate the synergy of Pramlintide and Leptin on weight loss, previously observed in pre-clinical studies. We expect results from this important study later this quarter. We're also continuing two Phase 1 programs, one focused on our second generation Amylin Mimetic, optimized for weight loss, and a second study, looking at the safety and tolerability of a combination of Pramlintide and PYY 3-36. Lastly, we have a combination study on going with Pramlintide and the approved oral obesity agents, Phentermine and Sibutramine. This Phase 2B study is designed to replicate pre-clinical data showing the additive effects of these combinations on weight loss. We anticipate data from this study before the end of this year as well. And now I would like to pass you back to Dan to conclude the call.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks Orville. We're looking forward to sharing the results of those important programs later this year. I'll add just a few more updates before we close. Beginning later this week we will be attending the North American Association for the Study of Obesity Meeting where we will have eight data presentations outlining recent clinical and pre-clinical findings. We will also provide an educational grant to support a medical education symposium. For a list of our presentations please visit our website at www.amylin.com. As many of you know we look forward to reviewing more on exenatide LAR and our obesity strategy and other research programs at our R&D Day in New York on November, 28th. Please check our website for additional details on the event. We have also made some important management additions during the third quarter. Mary Bauman, has joined us as Vice President of New Product Commercialization. Mary has previously held leadership roles in marketing and sales at Bayer Corporation. As a registered dietician who brings clinical, [his] clinical training included work at Boston's Joslin Diabetes Center. She brings her passion for an understanding of diabetes and obesity to her new role at Amylin. Kay Cox has joined us as Vice President of Government Affairs and will lead our Washington DC office. Kay joins us from Ameripath where she most recently served as Vice President of Government Relations and Communications and represented Ameripath at the Federal and State levels. Harry Leonard has joined us as Vice President and Chief Intellectual Property Counsel. Harry brings 17 years of healthcare industry experience. He was most recently general counselor at [Snowmix] and has expertise in mergers and acquisitions, corporate securities, intellectual property and litigation. So to summarize, the third quarter of 2007 has been another quarter of consistently strong execution here at Amylin. We have seen sustained growth and adoption of SYMLIN and BYETTA and we remain confident in our opportunity for further growth the rest of the year. Our most important development program exenatide LAR remains on track and we have made significant progress towards our Ohio manufacturing facility. We have a strong pipeline program with several key obesity trials reporting results before the end of the year. We also have a strong balance sheet and a team in placed to enable us to execute our plans. With that I will conclude the former portion of today's call and turn things back over to the operator for your questions. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Meg Malloy with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much and if I may ask two questions. One question that has come up a lot since the new precaution in the label -- and I appreciate the overview that you gave on pancreatitis, but one question that has come up is, does increased focus on that side-effect change or potentially change the safety requirements for the LAR studies? Maybe we will just open up with that one if you can?
Daniel Bradbury: Sure. Hi, Meg.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Hi, Dan.
Daniel Bradbury: I will ask Orville to answer that question.
Orville Kolterman: Thanks for the question Meg. We don't think that it does. The safety evaluation of the Exenatide LAR will leverage across the entire safety database through the exenatide molecule in to the present time. In all of our clinical studies as of today, we have not seen reports of pancreatitis in any of the clinical studies or any of the long-term animal studies that have been done with the Exenatide LAR.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: I guessed, if there was an association and somebody had gotten a weekly dose, in one shot is there recourse?
Orville Kolterman: See in terms of recourse…
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: I mean, how would you handle it? Let's say occasionally?
Orville Kolterman: So, from a clinical perspective the approach would be the same as with any case of pancreatitis, where you would stop the administration of all potentially offending agents including Exenatide LAR and provide the patient with both supportive measures and other therapies that would be appropriate. The concern that you are getting at is the fact that Exenatide would continue to be in the circulation. As I tried to emphasize in the prepared comments neither ourselves, the scientist here at Amylin and at Lilly, nor our outside experts that we have consulted with and at length, see evidence that there is a causal relationship between Exenatide and the pancreatitis. So, we don't think that there is an increased concern there.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks very much. And I guess just on the BYETTA growth trajectory, I was wondering what you would sort of say is the key, and I know its a multifactorial thing. But, if there was one thing that you could point to as sort of a key accomplishment to really change the practiced patterns, what would it be?
Daniel Bradbury: Well, Meg, I would love to say that there is one key event that…
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Not event, but…
Daniel Bradbury: Or activity that we would undertake that would do that, I just don't think that's the case. It's a very dynamic market place and there are multiple factors that affect physician's prescribing habits. So, I don't think we can look at it there is a single cause and effect. As I tried to indicate in my comments, what we have done is we have been doing very precise analysis, looking at all of the various different tactics that we are undertaking, and we have adjusted all of them in various ways. So, for instance we talked about on the second quarter that we have enhanced our messaging. We have also been spending significant amount of time with our sales force with regards to looking at execution against that positioning. We've also continued our medical education efforts. We've optimized our sampling program, and we've also continued our efforts with regards to reimbursement. Also of note, the pilot consumer education program has only just initiated that didn't affect our third quarter in any way shape or form, and we will be looking to see how that does affect overall growth rates in the fourth quarter.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Thanks Dan. I will get back in queue.
Daniel Bradbury : Okay. Thanks Meg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, thanks. Orville, I just want to kind of expand little bit on Meg's question. There has been some consternation in the marketplace about the requirements in Phase III or for another trial beyond the 300-patient LAR trial. So, what assurances can you give us? Or maybe more specifically, what type of information can you give us that would maybe require another study?
Daniel Bradbury: Hi, Steve, it's Dan here. I will take that question if it's okay. To say that we have received from the FDA guidance with regards to our regulatory strategy, we have that guidance in writing from them with regards to their requirements from clinical study standpoint for the submission. That has not changed since we received that guidance. And it has not changed also as a result of any ongoing conversations that we've had with the agency during the times that we've provided periodic safety updates. So, at this time, Steve, we still are confident that our regulatory strategy is adequate and for our submission.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Great. And then how we get to [submit] the information? Was there a planned press release between the three companies or how you are just thinking about that?
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah. I think we are definitely thinking of a combined press release between the three companies.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Very good.
Daniel Bradbury: Very good, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the lines of Salveen Kochnover with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed.
Salveen Kochnover - Jefferies & Company: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Has the Data Safety Monitoring Board been specifically looking for acute pancreatitis in the Phase III LAR study?
Daniel Bradbury: Hi Sal, it's Dan here. We don't have a Data Safety Monitoring Board. We are continuing to monitor all adverse events in our late-staged studies with regards to LAR, and just to say that's just part of our routine clinical monitoring that we would do for any studies. I don't know Orville if you want to add to that?
Orville Kolterman: Okay. Well, to refine that just a bit, early on in the observation of pancreatitis cases one of the things that we did as part of the diligent follow-up and evaluation of these cases was to clear pancreatitis as a targeted surveillance event, which in regulatory parlance what that translates into is that pancreatitis is a case that is flagged to all of the investigators. And any potential case of pancreatitis within the clinical trail is, the investigators are required to report it to us in the timeframe usually done for severe adverse events, so that we are absolutely sure that we are aware of what's going on in the clinic with regard to this. And as I indicated in response to Meg's question. We have not had reports of pancreatitis in any of the clinical studies involving LAR, either in the un-blinded study. There just haven't been any cases in the entire study, so that means that there have no cases on patients receiving LAR.
Salveen Kochnover - Jefferies & Company: Great. And what are you hearing from physicians in the short time since the FDA notification went out -- both trial, docs, physicians prescribing the drug in BYETTA users if anything?
Daniel Bradbury: So, Salveen we've had some enquiries from physicians asking for clarification and we provided that to them. We have been on 1800 number and we also have sales representatives and field representative who are now able to provide background to physicians to questions that they might have.
Salveen Kochnover - Jefferies & Company: Great. And one last question. In the third quarter, could you comment maybe on wholesale inventory levels and whether there was any discounting occurring on BYETTA?
Daniel Bradbury: Yes, absolutely Salveen. Maybe, Mark, you would like to take that question?
Mark Foletta: Yeah. Hi Salveen. We believe that the wholesale inventory is based upon on our information from the three major wholesalers that we ship to where flat quarter-to-quarter. You may recall last quarter, we talked about some slight de-stocking of few days possibly, and we believe that they really stayed at that level into the third quarter. And of course, with respect to your second question about discounting, we continue to discount. We continue to drive access, but we don't think you should think about that being a significant change from quarter-to-quarter as you would think about the capture rate, if you will, from the script data into the revenue.
Salveen Kochnover - Jefferies & Company: Great. Thank you
Daniel Bradbury: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Osborne with Lazard. Please proceed.
Matt Osborne - Lazard: Hi and thank you for taking the question. Could you remind us what percent I guess coming off of the patients who are receiving BYETTA now, what percent perhaps are receiving vouchers versus free samples versus trade prescriptions?
Orville Kolterman: Hi, Matt. We actually had never provided that information in that kind of granularity with regards to vouchers and samples and just to say that we -- that is only one small part of our overall marketing mix going forward.
Matt Osborne - Lazard: Okay. One follow-up question. Can you remind us the rights if at all that are shared with Lilly and their GLP-1 analog that is in Phase 1 development?
Daniel Bradbury: Sure yes so just to say that the contract that we have with Lilly did anticipate that both companies would potentially develop follow-on programs. It depends on the timing of certain data at certain stages of development whether or not there is an automatic right for both companies to work together. But of course one other thing I would always say to you is that as two companies that are working together in this space we always have the opportunity to consider that option anyhow.
Matt Osborne - Lazard: Great. Thank you, Dan.
Daniel Bradbury: Thank you very much, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike King with Rodman & Renshaw. Please proceed.
Mike King - Rodman & Renshaw:  Hi guys thanks for taking my question. I had a couple of brief ones. Dan I was wondering if you could comment on whether or not investors should look at this ramp in BYETTA over the past several quarters as a proxy for LAR and if not why not?
Daniel Bradbury: You know that is great question Mike thanks for it. Just to say I really don't think you can. Firstly we don't know the final product profile of Exenatide LAR. We obviously, hopefully have a greater understanding of that later this quarter, when we see the results of the clinical study. But I think at this point it's really would be too speculative to try and relate it to the existing BYETTA product in our ramp. I mean, at the end of the day here, it's also to say the market is dynamic is probably an understatement. And of course, one of the things, we would looking at there is same, what's the market going to be in the future. And I think in spite of the fact that we have polished our crystal bowls in a very, very highly, it's very difficult for all of us to see where the market is going to be in the long-term future.
Mike King - Rodman & Renshaw: Okay. And then, I was just wondering is there any more specific information that you can provide us with on the facility in Ohio, just in terms of what's going on there now, any clue as to or any insights you can give us?
Daniel Bradbury: Sure, Mike, I would love to provide to some clues. Yes, I mean just to say, that the facility is actually -- the buildup is going extremely well. And that one other thing I am most pleased about is the quality and the execution, most of the people that we have been able to engage and employ in Ohio. We have over 120 people in place there. We have our full management team now in place and the facility is now able to begin some of the process development work that we need to complete in that facility to meet our time line of finalizing the commercial process by the second half of next year.
Mike King - Rodman & Renshaw: Okay. And will we get any sort of quarterly update on progress there?
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah, I think we’ll continue to provide, if you like the macro guidelines with regards to how things are going. I think that if we start getting into two specifics it's really not terribly helpful because obviously we work on a proprietary manufacturing process. But just to say that things are moving well there and we continue to be confident of meeting our guided timeline.
Mike King - Rodman & Renshaw: Okay, great. And then I just had a quick bookkeeping question for Mark in terms of the split on the options expense between R&D and SG&A do you have a breakdown?
Mark Foletta: Yes, Mike, its $15 million. Let me get that I know I have that in my materials. And it was $9.1 million to SG&A, $6.2 million to R&D, $15.3 million total for the quarter. You need year-to-date numbers as well?
Mike King - Rodman & Renshaw: No, I have looked at them thanks. Thanks very much.
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Wie with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Thomas Wie - Piper Jaffray: Hi, thanks. I had a couple of questions about the old Phase 2 data for LAR. I just wanted to get a sense as you look at all the variability in the PK levels for BYETTA. Where you surprised that all that you did get 85% of patients below at 7% A1C does that make sense when you looked at the variability there and in those levels?
Daniel Bradbury: So, hi, Thomas, yes it’s Dan here. I mean just to say that no, not really. So I should say that the doses that were chosen that were in the Phase 2 of Exenatide LAR study were chosen on the basis of some very comprehensive PK/PD modeling so pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic modeling. We had a very good understanding of the dose response from a PK standpoint from the earlier single dose studies and we used those single dose PK response curves to predict what would be the drug level for multiple dosing of the product. We knew from the BYETTA program of what the blood levels would be of exenatide that would be required for an effect on blood glucose control, and we knew also of course with BYETTA BID that the effect of PK on the eventual outcome with regards to glucose lowering. So therefore, it is fair to say that we were fairly confident of predicting a greater response with regards to glucose control. Obviously, the exact glucose control number we didn't predict, but we were fairly confident based on what we knew from the PK profile from the single-dose studies, when going into the Phase 2 study.
Thomas Wie - Piper Jaffray: And did the final data ending and actually exceed what you would have predicted from this PK database married to whatever glycemic outcomes there are?
Daniel Bradbury: I don't think we ever did, if you like exact calculation of what would be an expected -- so it's tough to argue what would be exceeding, but just to say that it was consistent with our expectation in terms of the greater response in terms of glucose control.
Thomas Wie - Piper Jaffray: And then just a second question on the curve coming out of the 15-week follow-up period, it does say in the poster that there were efficacy measures collected for the entire 27 weeks. Can you remind us on what the A1C numbers look like on extended follow-up and how long do patients actually those therapeutic levels of BYETTA for, after they have stopped?
Daniel Bradbury: Well, certainly the first part of that question I can answer, the second part, I would have to go back and refer myself to some of the data. But the first part of that question is certainly, patients continue to have an effect on blood glucose control after discontinuation of therapy which is as you would expect because they have elevated levels of exenatide. However, consistent with the reduction in those exenatide levels over time, you saw a diminution in terms of the effect on blood glucose control. And patients eventually returned back to their baseline upon discontinuation of therapies.
Thomas Wie - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah. Your second question, I am afraid, I actually just don't know the answer here and don't know Orville whether you do. No. Okay. Sorry, Thomas.
Thomas Wie - Piper Jaffray: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Bear Stearns. Please proceed.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns: Hi. My questions are going to be a lot easier than Thomas's, I promise.
Daniel Bradbury: Thank you, Mark, I would appreciate it.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns: But, I just want to make sure this incidence pancreatitis 0.2 per 1,000 patient years. I want to confirm, number one, that's actually going to be in the Dear Doctor letter, that incidence. It is?
Daniel Bradbury: It's an event, right, Mark. Yeah.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns: Okay. I am not very good at math, but if for example the FDA wanted to explore this in the LAR trial, is my math roughly correct that you need at least 5,000 patient-trial to prove or disprove a point a 0.2 out of 1,000 patient years incidence? And is the trial like that is doable?
Daniel Bradbury: Well, Mark we appreciate your modesty with regards to your mathematical skills. But, just to say that actually we calculated that to do a study we would probably require over 10,000 patients in a study.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns: Okay. So, maybe you can walk me through that for I didn't carry the one or something. So, okay.
Daniel Bradbury: But, in terms of your general magnitude that you are looking at, you are talking of 1,000 of patients in studies, yeah absolutely.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns: So, it's really something that would need to be doing on a post-marketing basis, difficult to assess respectively.
Daniel Bradbury: Well, as Orville indicated in our ongoing study and in studies that we have completed to date, we haven't had any events of pancreatitis reported to date.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns: Okay.
Daniel Bradbury: So, absolutely it would be difficult to do part of a clinical program. And indeed as we saw in the entire BYETTA program, I believe there was just six cases on BYETTA with an event rate of 1.7, which is significantly higher than what we saw and now see in post-marketing. And of course, that was lower than what was the placebo, right, which was 3.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns: Okay. And what is the background rate expressed in over 1,000 patient years?
Daniel Bradbury: In literature it's reported in a non-diabetic population as an event rate of 0.17. In the population studies that we've looked at when we looked at the United Healthcare dataset, what we found in that dataset is there is a three to four "greater incidence" of acute pancreatitis with Type 2 diabetes in that dataset. And so, we you are looking at significantly greater incidences and event rates associated with Type 2 diabetes than we are currently seeing spontaneously reported with BYETTA.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns: Okay. Maybe just one more simple one, on the last call I asked to guys, if it was reasonable to think that you could replicate the Phase II data in the Phase II, III data for LAR. Anyway it is a pretty provocative comment. I'd just be interested in your updated thoughts on the reproducibility of the A1C reduction in the Phase II looking at the Phase II, III.
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah. I mean I would just say we can't really comment on the ongoing study at the moment. But, just to say that our expectations for the study haven't changed.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns: Thanks. I appreciate it.
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Jim Reddoch with FBR. Please proceed.
Sumesh Sood - FBR: Hi, yeah. This is Sumesh for Jim. Thanks for taking the question. I actually have two quick questions. My first one is, is the FDA in general doing a suite of post-marketing data, and especially with the kind of the updates for the Januvia label that was announced today?  And my second question actually has to do with the bioavailability of LAR relative to exenatide. And initially the patients are given the 2 milligram dose for LAR. But, when you look at serum concentrations of exenatide, is there any time where serum concentration of exenatide is with LAR is higher than BYETTA or are they relatively same or is it lower? Thanks
Daniel Bradbury: Okay, Sumesh. I'm going to ask Orville to comment with regards to what's going on with the FDA. He is closer to what's happening there on a day-to-day basis than I am.
Orville Kolterman: I think it's safe to say that there is just a heightened level of awareness about safety in the post-marketing space in general for all drugs. And I think what may have been referring to is that the agency has an initiative underway now where they are doing a detailed evaluation of the post-marketing surveillance data for drugs that have been approved, new chemical entities that have been approved within the last 18 to 24 months. So, your insights are spot on. And the other comment that I would make in terms of dealing with the agency, it's just really clear that we are in an era where safety is king. Issue of safety or concerns are ruling the day and things related to efficacy are receiving much lower priority in terms of rankings right now.
Daniel Bradbury: And your second question was relating to, and I am just sorry I am blanking out right now. What was that relating to?
Sumesh Sood - FBR: Just in general like when you look at the bioavailability of LAR the serum concentrations of exenatide with LAR versus BYETTA, is there -- there has been some concern that because LAR is a higher dose you may see higher incidence of pancreatitis?
Daniel Bradbury: Yes, I know. Actually that had be a very forward kind of way of thinking about things. So when you look at the actual blood levels that you get with exenatide with LAR there are actually the peak blood levels that are significantly below the peak blood levels that you can get with BYETTA. In fact that's part of the benefit of the product is that you have more consistent long-term flatter from PK. The other key thing that I think is important to remember with exenatide LAR, the initial dosing of exenatide LAR, I mean each dose is essentially a sub therapeutic dose whereas with BYETTA every dose is a therapeutic dose. So the blood level that you achieve per dose that you get with exenatide LAR is significantly below what you would get from BYETTA. And so as a consequence of that you actually don't have the same kind of levels of concern upon immediate dosing that you would have with BYETTA, so hopefully that gives you some clarification.
Sumesh Sood - FBR: Absolutely. Thank you.
Daniel Bradbury: The other thing, I mean I think you need to be really clear here is that once again you will try and make some assumption that there is some kind of course or relationship between blood levels of exenatide and potential adverse event of pancreatitis.
Sumesh Sood - FBR: Right, absolutely.
Daniel Bradbury: And I think it's pretty clear that that isn't the case, at the moment we don't have any basis for that.
Sumesh Sood - FBR: Right. I am just -- I am making that assumption absolutely, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Farmer with Wachovia Securities. Please proceed.
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Overall, Dan can you comment a little bit on the, I think, it was 30 patients that FDA mentioned had pancreatitis, the time to onset of pancreatitis, what would you mention that was quite variable but was there clustering either at the beginning or the end of the therapy?
Daniel Bradbury: Hi, George. Orville would you want take that one.
Orville Kolterman: George there is actually, when we look at the entire data sets that's available there is -- it's apparent there is no clustering, at the front-end or the back-end. In fact the pattern that you see in terms of the time to onset of the pancreatitis is most consistent, with this being related to the back ground rate, pancreatitis that just occurs more frequently in Phase 2 Type II diabetes.
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: And are you going to have include, the mention of pancreatitis in your interactive consumer campaign that you mentioned on the beginning of the call?
Orville Kolterman: Well the current DTC advertising that is running, presents both the benefits and the risks associated with BYETTA and based on our discussions, with FDA regarding the label change that we have talked about today, we have been sure that they view the content of those pieces that are in the marketplace at the present time, presenting the safety data in an adequate updated manner.
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then maybe I will just lob in a similar question on that end.
Orville Kolterman: Thanks, George.
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: Yeah, sure thing. Dan, the issues there with the non approval around use of SYMLIN with basal insulin kind of resonates the issues that you guys faced in 2003, is there anything on here that suggests the agency might be cooling off to SYMLIN or are there -- there are hurdles to [tire] in your view?
Daniel Bradbury: I think George, what we are really facing here is just a change of opinion with regards to what would be the base of approval and a reversion back to what is the traditional basis of approval in diabetes therapies. The end point, though, we had agreed with the FDA that comes to end point was a novel endpoint and was not the basis for approval of any other diabetes therapy to-date. [By having inside], it was agreed to by the agency. Now that -- so where we stand today is that the agency has reverted back to its longstanding position but the basis for approval the sort of the end point if you like to forward a basis of approval for diabetes drugs is reduction in blood glucoses measured by A1C. And unfortunately the study was designed not to demonstrate that because it was only a 16-week study.
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks, George.
Alice Izzo: Gentlemen that, ends the Q&A session for today, I will now turn the call over to Daniel Bradbury for final remarks.
Daniel Bradbury: Just a few final remarks to say thank you to everybody for being on the call today. We appreciate your time and your interest in our company and I'm pleased to report once again another strong quarter of consistently strong execution here at Amylin. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, Thank you for your participation today's conference. You may now all disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-23 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Alice Bahner - ED of IR   Daniel Bradbury - President and CEO   Mark Foletta - SVP Finance and CFO   Alain Baron - SVP Research 
Analysts: Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers   Jim Reddoch - FBR   Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs   Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley   Thomas Wie - Piper Jaffray   Yaron Werber - Citigroup   Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns   William Ho - Banc of America   Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentleman and welcome to the Journal Communications Second Quarter 2007, Earnings Call. My name is Brandie and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode, and we will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a remainder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Alice Bahner, Executive Director of Investor Relations. You may proceed Ma'am. 
Alice Bahner: Good Afternoon. Welcome to Amylin Pharmaceuticals quarterly update conference call. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are outlined in today's press release and in our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from what is discussed on today's call.  Let me introduce the other members of the Amylin management team here today; Daniel Bradbury, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Foletta, Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer; Alain Baron, Senior Vice President, Research. I will now turn things over to Dan Bradbury. 
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks Alice. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. We got solid execution across all aspects of the Amylin Organization this quarter. We continue to advance innovative therapies that meet unmet medical needs in the treatment of diabetes and obesity. These two diseases are strongly associated with over 100 million Americans who are overweight or obese and approximately 75 million with pre-diabetes or diabetes.  In this expanding market we are especially placed with a sustained growth and adoption of our two first in class marketed products BYETTA and SYMLIN. And with ongoing progress on exenatide long-acting release our most important development program.  We also recently had a successful American Diabetes Association meeting in June where we presented compelling clinical and pre-clinical data, had many discussions with leading clinicians at our commercial exhibits and medical education programs and continued to build our positive relationships within the diabetes community.  In addition we are looking forward to an exciting second half of the year, when we expect data from key pipeline programs. Now before I get into more detailed discussion of recent activities will turn things over to Mark Foletta to review our financial results released earlier this afternoon. 
Mark Foletta: Thank you, Dan, and good afternoon. Earlier this afternoon, we announced our financial results for the second quarter of 2007. We reported total revenue of $197 million, including net product sales of $167.3 million. That is made up of $152.1 million for BYETTA and $15.2 million for SYMLIN, resulting in second quarter growth in net product sales of over 50% compared to the second quarter of 2006.  Our revenue under collaborative agreements was $29.6 million compared to $9.4 million for the second quarter of 2006. The increase reflects $15 million in milestones primarily earned upon Lilly's launch of BYETTA in the European Union during the second quarter of 2007.  Cost of goods sold was $14.4 million reflecting a gross margin of approximately 91%. This compares to cost of goods sold of $14.7 million for the second quarter of 2006 and a gross margin of approximately 87%.  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the second quarter of 2007 increased to $93.1 million from $63.5 for the second quarter last year. This was driven by expenses associated with the expansion of our sales force, increased promotional activities for BYETTA and SYMLIN and increased business infrastructure to support our growth.  Research and development expenses increased to $71.7 million for the second quarter of 2007 compared to $50.4 million for the same period in 2006. The increase reflects expenses associated with our obesity programs including $10 million development milestone associated with the leptin program and increased development expenses for exenatide LAR.  Eli Lilly share of the gross margin for BYETTA, which we referred to in our income statement as collaborative profit sharing was $70.4 million for the second quarter of 2007 compared to $43.4 million for the second quarter 2006. We reported a net loss for the quarter of $45 million or $0.34 per share compared to a net loss of $46.4 million or $0.38 per share for the second quarter of last year.  In June we completed an offering of Convertible Senior Notes generating net proceeds of approximately $559 million strengthening our financial position to continue to support for our marketed products expand our manufacturing facility in Ohio and advance our many opportunities for future growth.  Through the second quarter we’ve spent $176 million on this facility and have hired approximately 100 employees in Ohio. At the end of the second quarter we held over $1.1 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.  I will now quickly review top and bottom line results for the 6 months ended June 30 2007. Total revenue was $368.9 million included $329.3 million of net product sales and revenue under collaborative agreements of $39.6 million. This compares to total revenue of $200.5 million in 2006.  Our net product sales for 2007 consist of $298.6 million for BYETTA and $30.7 million for SYMLIN. Our net loss for the six months ended June 30, 2007 was $94.4 million or $0.72 per share, compared to $114.3 million or $0.97 per share in 2006.  I’ll now highlight some information regarding our view of the key trends and assumptions for the remainder of 2007. As a reminder, we have included these numbers, the estimates for non-cash stock based compensation in the expense categories.  We are reaffirming our previous guidance that total revenues will be in excess of $800 million in 2007, including collaborative revenue of $60 million to $70 million. The collaborative revenue guidance has increased by $10 million from last quarter.  With regard to expenses, we continue to expect that our selling, general and administrative expenses for 2007 will be $375 million to $400 million, which is slightly higher than our second quarter run rate. Increased spending in the second half of the year reflects the planned expansion of our manufacturing capabilities in support of our facility in Ohio and additional marketing activities. This guidance also includes approximately $35 million of stock-based compensation expense.  We continue to expect that our research and development expenses for 2007 will be $250 million to $275 million. Let me remind you that R&D expenses typically fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. This guidance includes approximately $25 million of stock-based compensation expenses and reflects the continued support of both BYETTA and SYMLIN, investments in exenatide LAR, our obesity pipeline and other research activities.  And finally, I would like to remind you that our 2007 plan in this guidance contemplates a continued improvement in our operating results compared to 2006. I'll now turn things back to Dan for further update on recent business activities. 
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks, Mark. Let me start with BYETTA, our first-in-class diabetes medicine for patients with Type II diabetes. We continue to hear but its unique combination of sustained glucose control, a reduced concern of hypoglycemia and a secondary benefit of weight loss is enabling health care professionals to make a real difference in the in the management of their patients.  We continue to support BYETTA with new clinical data including intimation presented at the recent American Diabetes Association meeting. One powerful study showed that BYETTA's blood glucose lowering effects is comparable to that against human blood gene, and its offers weight loss instead of weight gain, as well as six, a six-fold decrease in the incidence of hypoglycemia.  The second study highlights results of longer term BYETTA use. Patients using BYETTA for three years have sustained glucose control, progressive weight loss and improved BETA cell function in an open label extension study.  Further, in a group of patients using BYETTA for three and an a half years, BYETTA use was associated with improvements in cardiovascular respect to such as improved triglyceride and cholesterol levels and lower blood pressure.  As many of you are aware there is a high-end awareness among clinicians to not only manage glucose and keep with diabetes but to also reduce cardiovascular complications. This new data was introduced by our sales force immediately after the ADA meeting. Our sales force is now delivering to our expanded capacity in the second quarter with our field force expansion and realignment efforts behind us, we increased the volume of our physician interactions by 30% compared to the fourth quarter of last year.  Additionally, we sustained our increased level of medical education activities that we initiated in the first quarter to continue building and understanding of the BYETTA profile. In the second quarter, we continue to optimize our sampling program based on market demand and it remains an important component of our promotional tool kit.  Moving on to reimbursement, a critical part of continued market success is patient access to our therapies. We have maintained our focus on discussing clinical data with Managed Care Organization and other payers to support the value of BYETTA and SYMLIN for patients and for the healthcare system. We continue to increase our favorable formulary placement and now have approximately 85% of managed care patients with access at either Tier 2 or Tier 3 with nearly 75% at Tier 2 access.  Additionally, we have recently improved the access to BYETTA for Medicare Part D and for Medicaid patients. Encouragingly, early signs indicate that our payer customers are impressed with the long-term data we now have on BYETTA both from a safety and efficacy respected. We believe these long-term data position us well in the phase of new competitive entrance and increasingly highly concern about drug safety in general.  The sum of these marketing efforts resulted in a high single-digit percentage growth and prescriptions for the 10-microgram pen and a return to double-digit growth in total prescriptions for the 10-microgram pen in the second quarter.  Additionally, prescriptions for the 5-microgram pen, which declined in the first quarter has stabilized and have shown growth in the second quarter. Now, unneeded demand for both BYETTA pen grew, what we have seen that the prescription growth rate accelerated in the second quarter in comparison to the first quarter. This resulted in market share growth for both new and total prescriptions in the second quarter, reaching at all-time high for the brand in total prescriptions. Indeed BYETTA enjoyed seven-consecutive weeks of market share growth at the end of the second quarter.  Now we believe that expanding access to BYETTA through contracting is a long-term investment in the brand adoption and growth, and offsets any short-term effects on revenue. So, while total prescriptions grew 7% quarter-over-quarter, net revenue grew approximately 4%. This discordance in growth was as a result of increased commercial discounting, as well as a reduction in wholesale inventory days on hand.  There is also continued expansion opportunities for BYETTA, both in the US and elsewhere. Our clinical study BYETTA monotherapy use in patients early in the continuum of care is expected to report results in the second half of the year. And we plan to file for an expanded indication in the first half of 2008.  Additionally, Lilly launched BYETTA in Europe in the second quarter, and they are targeting BYETTA launches in more than 30 countries this year. This presents a significant advantage to maximize the value of exenatide molecule and deliver value to patients and providers worldwide.  Through our global partner, Lilly, we have the opportunity to have a significant first-mover advantage in the incretin mimetic category worldwide. At Amylin, we are very excited to see the vision of challenging signs and changing lives, happening on a global scale.  Now let's move on to SYMLIN, our first-in-class diabetes medicine for patients with type I and type II diabetes who use mealtime insulin. The profile of SYMLIN, like BYETTA, meets an unmet medical need in the market, but for a different patient population. This unmet need is clear improving glucose control without increasing risk of hypoglycemia and with weight loss. The benefits of SYMLIN are particularly important for patients on insulin.  Historically, physicians and patients have been forced to trade-off the benefits of improved glycemic control with insulin therapy at the cost of complexity, hypoglycemia and weight gain.  In the second quarter, SYMLIN's steady growth continued with a prescription growth rate of approximately 5% quarter-over-quarter. As with BYETTA, SYMLIN's revenue for the quarter was affected by increased commercial discounting.  Moving to expansion opportunities for SYMLIN, we plan two important improvements in the second half of 2007. One is to make the product available in the disposable pen delivery system, which our market research indicates will be more user friendly than the current vial and syringe form. And the second is to expand the use of SYMLIN to include those individuals with type II diabetes whose only insulin therapy is basal, or once a day insulin, and who need better glucose control.  At the recent American Diabetes Association Scientific Sessions, we presented study results highlighting the benefits of SYMLIN use in these patients. The study was designed to demonstrate improvement in pre-defined diabetes treatment goals, including achieving a target A1C improvement, limiting post-meal glucose increases, and experiencing no weight gain or episodes of severe hypoglycemia.  One in four SYMLIN patients achieved the composite set of goals while less than one in ten patients on basal insulin without SYMLIN achieved the target results. With approvals we plan to introduce the pen and the new indication in the second half of 2007. And as a result, we believe that SYMLIN's market opportunity has the potential for future growth.  I will now turn things over to Alain for brief review of upcoming research and development milestones. 
Alain Baron: Thanks Dan. I'd like to briefly remind you about the research and development milestones we anticipate in the second half of this year. Our most important development program exenatide LAR is a collaboration with our partners, Lilly and Alkermes, to bring to market an important new medication for the treatment of diabetes. We remain on track to report results from the ongoing long-term clinical study of exenatide LAR in the fourth quarter of this year. We also remain on track to finalize the commercial manufacturing process for exenatide LAR in the second half of 2008 in our manufacturing facility in Ohio.  I would also like to remind you about the ongoing clinical studies in our obesity program. As many of you know, we have a unique approach to the development of therapies for obesity INTO or Integrated Neurohormonal Therapies for Obesity. We are assessing three molecular franchisees in this context; amylin, PYY 3-36, and leptin, and are evaluating several combinations of these and existing obesity agents in clinical studies.  The largest one of these is a combination study of pramlintide, which is the amylin analog that is the active ingredient in SYMLIN, plus leptin. This proof of concept study will attempt to replicate the synergy of the pramlintide and leptin on weight loss observed in preclinical studies. We expect these results in the fourth quarter of this year. We are also continuing two Phase I programs, one focused on our second generation amylin mimetic optimized for weight loss and the second study looking at the safety and tolerability of the combination of pramlintide and PYY 3-36.  Lastly, we have a combination study ongoing with pramlintide and the approved oral obesity agents, phentermine and sibutramine. This Phase II-B study is designed to replicate preclinical data, showing the additive effects of these combinations on weight loss and we anticipate data from this study in the fourth quarter of this year.  And now, I would like to pass things back to Dan to conclude the call. 
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks Alain. We are looking forward to sharing results of those important programs later this year. I'll just add a few more updates before we close. As I mentioned, we presented scientific data and sponsored educational events at the American Diabetes Association meeting and these activities were well received by leaders in the diabetes community.  We had over 20 abstracts including four oral presentations. These presentations and the interactions that many members of our medical and sales teams had with healthcare professionals are important in re-enforcing the clinical profile of BYETTA and SYMLIN, as well as enriching our strong relationships with the diabetes community.  In September, we'll attend the European Association for the Study of Diabetes Meeting in Amsterdam, where we'll also have several scientific presentations as well as other activities.  I would also like to mention an important management addition, we’ve recently made. [Onaizah Jilani Tederay] has joined us as Vice-President of Brand Management. Onaizah has nearly 20 years experience in the Healthcare industry, most recently serving in the pharmaceutical marketing leadership role at Pfizer. She will work closely with Joe Young our Senior Vice President of Marketing as we further our efforts to shape the treatment of diabetes and obesity, continuing our work to change lives with our noble products and product candidates.  So, to summarize, the second quarter of 2007 has been one of consistently strong executions here at Amylin. We have seen sustained growth and adoption of SYMLIN and BYETTA and remain confident in our opportunity for further growth throughout the year.  Our most important development program exenatide LAR remains on track and we’ve made significant progress towards our Ohio manufacturing facility. We have a strong pipeline program with several key milestones to look for in the second half of the year.  With that I will conclude the formal portion of today’s call and turn things back over to the operator for your questions. 
Operator:
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: Hi, guys couple of quick questions. Just want to make sure I understand the agreement with FDA on BYETTA LAR regulatory status. In the event that you show superior efficacy, to regular BYETTA is. Is there are any risk that FDA could say that this is really a different compounds in terms of its efficacy profile and when that might require greater safety data? 
Alain Baron: Hi, Jim thanks for your question. At this stage, we negotiated with the FDA this program, which we believe jointly could be the basis for approval. So both on safety and efficacy, I remind of the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamic profiling, which we were able to use for those finding for BYETTA BID. And we use the same kind of modeling to make the point to the agency and convince them that this product was in terms of exposure, similar if you will to the BID product. So in answer to your question, I think we’ve said repeatedly that this study would be the basis of approval for both safety for efficacy. 
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: And just try understand to the extent that you’ve got comparable exposure, any enhanced efficacy would arise in house? 
Alain Baron: It's because of the consistency of the exposure over 24 hours, rather than having an up and down profile as you know with BID before breakfast and supper, you basically have loss of exposure over the noon meal and overnight period, whereas with LAR you have consistent exposure over 24 hours all be it at a less, a lesser concentration than the peak concentration that you would have with the BID preparation. 
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And just so I understand the next steps once you've finalized commercial manufacturing in the second half of '08. Does that finalization of commercial manufacturing involve a bridging study or what do you think you need to do to bridge between the intermediate scale you've got right now and a final commercial scale? 
Alain Baron: So we've previously indicated that the current study had two different scale manufacturing products that was included and as you know the current study has an extension and during which we intend to utilize the final scale commercial product to expose patients. And therefore within that study we will have the kinds of data that would reassure the agency that in fact that at this larger scale we are achieving the same kind of exposure and safety and efficacy that we had with the lesser scale. 
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks, that's very helpful. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Reddoch with FBR. Please proceed. 
Jim Reddoch - FBR: Hi thanks. Yeah a couple of questions on the quarter so you mentioned that there are a couple of reasons why the numbers didn't match up with what we would have expected maybe from the audit. With respect to inventory you said that wholesale de-stocked, but can you tell us what the dollar amount was and also did you this at the retail level and with respect to discounts. How is discounting down again, is it incentive based and was it done in previous quarters but we just didn't noticed it? Thanks. 
Daniel Bradbury: Hi Jim, yes Dan here. Thanks for your questions. We'd just say in terms of what I commented was there was a reduction in wholesale inventory days on hand, and just if I had to quantify that that's in the area of a couple of days of inventory. In terms, your question with regards to retail it's very difficult to say exactly what the impact was in terms of retail. We don't have much visibility into retail holding. But just to say that, what we are aware of on the wholesale side is that the total number of pens that were held in inventory, actually declined quarter-on-quarter and that's why I'll made my comment with regards to the reduction of number of days on hand.  Now, with regards to discounting, discounting is cumulative effect. It actually -- we negotiate contracts over the course of the year. So, I think what we've seen in this case, because we have seen prescription growth, you've seen a greater impact of discounting based on contract that we negotiated over the last three or four quarters, not just over the last quarter. However, also in the last quarter we have entered into a number of recent agreement which have also had an impact, but we believe it actually it give us very significant increase in access, importantly in the Medicare Part D as well as in the Medicaid area. 
Jim Reddoch - FBR: Okay. In a day is somewhere between $2 million and $3 million? 
Daniel Bradbury: Yes. So, you should I think of it, Jim on it, as a lower to mid single-digit million number in terms of wholesale reduction quarter-over-quarter. 
Jim Reddoch - FBR: Okay. And on the -- it sounds like thresholds or math with respect to the contracts in terms of discounts, is there -- are you expecting another set of thresholds to be hit in the second half of '07? Thanks. 
Daniel Bradbury: That's a great question, thanks for asking. I think, you are right in terms of us reaching thresholds in terms maximum discounts that would be given, at this point, I did mention that we have now 85% of patients who are now having access to -- through managed care. Therefore the number of additional new lives that could be have access is decreasing. So we don't expect to see any major increases in discounts over and above what we have seen, there will be some, but it won't be any major ones. I think what we’ve got in the case of this quarter is an exaggerated discordant in terms the script wrote that we saw versus the revenue growth because we seeing both in affect on inventory and also the effect on discounting. 
Jim Reddoch - FBR: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks Dan. 
Daniel Bradbury: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meg Malloy with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much. Two quick questions. One is your inventory on your balance sheet was up quarter-to-quarter about 36%, It looks like how was that attracting in terms of your targets with respect to sales growth or a prescription growth. And I guess, I will come back to second question, thanks. 
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks Meg, I will hand that over to Mark to answer that. 
Mark Foletta: Yeah, thanks Meg, how are you? 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Good, how are you doing? 
Mark Foletta: Good, yeah, it's primarily in the work-in-process area and the finished good area. So you’ve certainly seen a recovery from us -- from the supply constraint two quarters ago, three quarters ago I should say, and in combination with that a preparation in the SYMLIN side on a smaller scale for the launch of the pen product later in the year. So, certainly we are preparing and planning for success there, but I would say that from a BYETTA perspective which obviously is a bigger product. It is getting much closer to the safety stock levels that we are very happy to be to, frankly at this point, and so very good about that as we move forward. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks very much. And if I may just follow-up on the sampling activity, and it will be 5 microgram, the 5 prescriptions look like they have sort of stabilize, can you talk about where you are in terms of your optimization process, and do you think now that you are at a level where you are facilitating growth or do you think that there are still some chances, some portion of patients are getting sampled rather than being come and paying customers? 
Daniel Bradbury: We don’t think, its good observation to see the 5 microgram actually returning to growth, I'd say that we are continuing to look at the 5 microgram sample level subject to market demand. And I think it's fair to say that we are now into the point of fine tuning as opposed to making any gross adjustments in sampling, and, therefore whilst there may be changes, I don't expect them to make a major impact going forward. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks, very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed, sir. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Hi. I got a couple of questions. First of with the issues surrounding Avandia, have you once seen any changes in your commercial demand, and then two has it in any way impacted the way you’re thinking about what you need to provide for regulators going for buy an LAR? 
Daniel Bradbury: Hi, Steve, yes, perfect question. Just to say, well, first in terms of the impact of the Avandia controversy, I don’t believe that we've seen any significant impact in demand on BYETTA as a result of that at this point in time. I think that we will, longer term, it will have an impact because as I mentioned in my discussion earlier the focus on cardiovascular benefit within the diabetes community is very heightened at the moment. And clearly with the longer-term exposure data that we have with BYETTA, that's actually placed to our hand and that we have seen very significant improvements in cardiovascular markets.  The second part of your question, I think for all pharmaceutical companies at the moment it's very, very important to be very clear where you stand with regards to your knowledge in terms of drug safety. And in data, the scrutiny clearly is increasing on all companies across all therapeutic areas. And in that regard, we, of course, are remaining as we always do very diligent with regards to our tracking of any adverse events that may occur in patients taking our products.  At this point, I would say that we are not aware of any increased concerns within the FDA that we feel not already disclosed; however, just to say that because always we will continue to monitor the situation in a very diligent manner. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: What's your European regulatory strategy for LAR? 
Daniel Bradbury: For LAR, well clearly be as you know under our collaboration, the responsibility for submission of the exenatide LAR would be the responsibility of our partner Eli Lilly and Company. And at this time, they have not announced what their strategy is going be. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then the last question I have just around the leptin payment to Amylin, can you disclose what that was for? 
Daniel Bradbury: The payment you mean to Amgen, yes. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: I am sorry, Amgen. 
Daniel Bradbury: So the payment which related to technology transfer aspect of our acquisition of the leptin program from Amgen related to manufacturing and we completed that technology transfer during this quarter and we now have the ability within Amylin alone to manufacture leptin ourselves and have completed that technology transfer process and it was a predefined if you like development milestone. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. 
Daniel Bradbury: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Wie with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed. 
Thomas Wie - Piper Jaffray: Hi, thanks very much. Just a question back on the actual quarter numbers. I take it from your comments, should we assume that the 7% growth in prescription demand for BYETTA on a quarter-over-quarter basis that you think that that was reflective as the underlying demand for the drug? 
Daniel Bradbury: Well, clearly, I think it's fair to say we do think that because not only did we see the 7% increase overall but of course we saw double digit in that. It was 10% increase in the 10 mcg pen and a lower level of growth in the 5 mcg pen. So, yeah, absolutely I believe that that does represent increase demand overall for the product. 
Thomas Wie - Piper Jaffray: And the inventory level with a couple of day's differences, is that what you would consider to be normal levels now and have you seen anything that's happened in the early part of the third quarter as far as activity at the wholesale level? 
Daniel Bradbury: I think Thomas going back actually the first question that you had about growth and market demand. I think one would think we are seeing is actually increased predictability in growth and that's what led to a slight reduction in our days on hand in inventory. You know to make a comment that is what we have expected to be, I would say yes within a range. And there are always going to be fluctuation and we have seen this before actually quarter-on-quarter and other companies of course do say this as well. But we'd say that we are there or there about from an inventory standpoint. 
Mark Foletta: At the lower end of that range. 
Daniel Bradbury: Yes, probably at this point at the lower end of the range. Thanks Mark, yeah. 
Thomas Wie - Piper Jaffray: And then just lastly on, I was a little bit confused on the comments about the government payers, is part of the discounting there is to get better traction with patients you have government payers. Wouldn't we see a further effect of this discounting in subsequent quarters if more of those patients come onto therapy? 
Daniel Bradbury: You would of course, but you would also see an increase in prescriptions overall. So I guess what I was commenting there was the difference from a percentage standpoint, I suppose to an absolute standpoint. And so as you see growth in total volume, the data that would expect from a percentage standpoint, I don't think would change or not change significantly. 
Mark Foletta: May be I can provide more clarity, Thomas. It's Mark here. I think when you think of the discounting, the commercial contracting is clearly the more significant factor when you look at the mix of our business across the various payers. So certainly the Medicaid is important and we'll see growth there. But when you look at the mix of patients, we believe it's more dominated by the commercial side. 
Thomas Wie - Piper Jaffray: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citigroup. Please proceed. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Dan, I wanted to just follow-up on Jim's earlier question on in terms of LAR, in terms of the manufacturing timeline. So what exactly do you mean by you have your commercial manufacturing class has scaled up by the end of next year. Does that mean that at that point you have stability batches on the shelf order or do you kind of accruing time in the shelf or is the plan to evaluate at that point and at that point have the stability batches afterwards or just walk us through maybe a little bit of the understanding what else you have to do once that done or should we assume that, at that points it by the second half of next year you are ready to file if you have the data or do you have more work to do on the manufacturing side? 
Daniel Bradbury: Yes. Thanks for asking the question Yaron good to hear from you. Yes what we mean by we having the commercial process completed in the second half of the year is that what we are really referring to is that having the manufacturing facility completed and having run batches now having completed the scale up work that would be necessary to finalize the process by which we would make product at commercial scale under GMP conditions. So that's really what we mean by that. Additional work will be necessary post submission, which would be the running of our validation batches and those would be run during the review time. So once we have completed the commercial process we will have all the necessary data ready to compile a file and then submit an application. The subject to, completing of stability studies being completed to a lesser time necessary for the submission itself. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: So you can essentially file if I'm saying it correctly without having started the stability batches? 
Daniel Bradbury: No. We will need to do stability, but we of course we will be doing stability in this year and as well as at the intermediate scale and then of course we'll be doing stability with commercial manufacturing process as well during 2008. So we can use material that we are doing, we are running batches in 2008 at commercial scale to complete our commercial to be submitted in our application. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Okay, that's useful. So the -- 
Daniel Bradbury: I guess where your going is. Once you complete the process you then have to run batches and then do stability is that where you are going? 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Yeah that's what I am trying to figure out. What if you've completed by end of that point then what's the gaining factor for you to file and what else you have to do during the process? 
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah, the most important thing at that point would be the whole compilation of the file itself. So getting I mean, we will be developing a lot of data, which includes finalization of the analytical methods. The clinical data of course will have completed earlier as well as further work in terms of characterization of stability data, which we will have been running during 2008. So at that point it's mainly a technical issue with regards to the total putting together the whole file. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Okay, and can you also, I don’t know for the extent if you can share with us what's the powering of the current Phase III study, both in terms of non-inferiority and also for superiority and what are you looking for in terms of margin? 
Alain Baron: Yes, so hi Yaron. This is Alain Baron, so we are looking, so it' s a non-inferiority study and the margins this is for the confidence intervals as 0.4 basis points of a HbA1c. So essentially the confidence intervals need to be less than 0.4 difference, okay. So when you do that you actually are powering in such a way that the end that you are studying is actually greater than you would need for superiority, because obviously if you look at the profile of LAR efficacy versus BID it's around 2% versus 1%. So essentially that delta is much greater so in fact this non-inferiority study is overpowered to the tech superiority and in fact we actually fully expect to the tech superiority. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Okay and can you share with us what the powering is and also the difference that you talk about --? 
Alain Baron: I just told you everything about the power and the study involves 150 patients on BID and 150 patients on LAR. It's a non-inferiority study. The margins being 0.4%, and the level of power of is 90% power. I am sorry, is that what you are asking for. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Yeah thank you. And what about in terms of weight loss can you share with us the band down? 
Alain Baron: So the primary outcome of the study is HbA1c, it is not powered for differences in weight loss. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Okay, great thank you Alain I want to appreciate. 
Alain Baron: Yeah, you are welcome. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Bear Stearns. Please proceed. 
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns: Okay, hey thanks a lot for taking my question. I appreciate it. I had just one LAR question if you don't mind is in that business. Question on the LAR, in response to your (inaudible) full expected tax purity, how can you be so confident based on what is obviously a fairly small Phase II experience that really I'll just be interested in where the early confidence comes from, because I would love to share that then I had a one and half business question? 
Alain Baron: Sir, thanks Mark I look forward to answering your questions. So if you think about BYETTA BID, its BID not because we thought BID was best but that's what we thought would be commercial viable. So if you look at the exposure that people have well on BID if they experience over breakfast and into the midmorning coverage with concentrations of drug that are relevant for glucose lowering. So we are talking about may be five hours, six hours at the most of relevant drug concentrations that would cause Beta cells to respond to glucose in a glucose dependant fashion, repeat that at suppers. So you have essentially, may be, 12 hours of relevant drug concentrations.  Now let’s move on to LAR, you now have 24 hours of relevant drug concentrations. So now you have glucose control over the mid portion of the day, which was uncovered by BID and also overnight. So this translates in two things, if you look at the profile of glucose control with LAR versus BID we saw two remarkable things. One is the fasting plasma glucose was reduced by nearly 15 milligram per deciliter with LAR whereas with BID it war roughly 10 milligram per deciliter; depends on whether you compare to baseline or to placebo.  So we had a very modest effect with BID on fasting for overnight blood sugar. So with LAR we had a very robust overnight glucose control reflected in a 15 milligram per deciliter, decrement in the morning before breakfast.  Moreover, if you look at the postprandial glucose levels that the dose of LAR that we were currently using in our Phase III program, it was very good glucose control, normally at breakfast and suppers which you would expect with BID, but also at noon. So we get everything that BID did, plus control over noon and control overnight. And if you look at the expected results that one would see in HbA1c with 15 milligrams per deciliter reduction of fasting blood sugar or overnight blood sugar. It is clearly in the range of 0.8 to 1.02 HbA1c points.  So the confidence level is based on the data, and then if you look at the variability in the response to LAR even in those 15 patients, it was remarkably low. In other words, and that was really reflected in the fact that 86% of the patients achieved seven percent or below over 15 weeks I remind you that the study state concentrations a drug were only achieved after five weeks. So there are a host of reasons to be quite confident, that in fact the profile that we saw in phase II will be maintained in phase III, and if that’s the case then superiority is a given. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: If you hit ten points of A12 reduction from baseline are you aware any other drug does that preference one? 
Alain Baron: No I am unaware of that, in fact I would further add to that saying that no other drug in the history of drug development has done that with weight loss and with reduce risk of hypoglycemia 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Okay. And then I had a may be a question for Dan and Mark, if you don’t mind, and then I will hop back in the queue. I am just struggling with, and I realized LAR is most really the important thing to share, but I am actually struggling with your guidance of $800 million in that total revenue of the share, Mark. I mean it looks to me, I could be doing this wrong, because I don’t really how to Excel very well, but it looks to me you would have to grow reported sales around 13% sequentially in both third and the fourth quarter in order to hit the lower end of your guidance. If you go the high end of your guidance for collaborative revenues and just make some basic assumptions around SYMLIN. So you are suggesting that reported sales, sequential growth is going to almost double from what you claimed demand growth was this quarter. Can you help me get comfortable with that? 
Mark Foletta: Yeah, well Mark I haven’t run the numbers like you just described, but I think if you look at the prescription growth that we have particularly in the ten microgram pen, which is now increasing to 71%, 72% of the brand at been 10% and the five microgram pen which was negative in Q1 restored during the quarter to a growth of about 2% in the quarter, and obviously our belief and hope is that with the various promotional tactics we’ve put in place sampling, reimbursement, sales force reach and frequency with messaging all the things that, Dan, I guess, I should also add medical education. All the things that Dan talked about and all those things should continue the trend that we believe we are seeing in the data literally, that clearly you need to see.  So the key messages is you need to see accelerated growth in the second half, but we think, within the second quarter all the things that we are seeing, starting to happen, the other staff that Dan drew out was the seven consecutive weeks actually in the quarter with market share growth in the product focusing certainly on the damage in the script as well, so certainly focusing on the pre-insulin patients, and there are a lot of them, and certainly those are the things that we need to continue to execute on, but it's going to take execution and I just think the message should be that the organization is keenly focused on that and will be throughout the remainder of the year. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Okay, great. And then just quickly in a hop off, can you give us the option expenses embedded in R&D and G&A in this quarter, and then I’ll hop off. Thanks a lot? 
Mark Foletta: Absolutely. So, within the quarter we recorded option expense of $15.7 million, $9.5 million that was in SG&A line, and $6.2 million was in the R&D line. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. 
Mark Foletta: Sure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Ho with Banc of America. Please proceed. 
William Ho - Banc of America: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my question. I have a few questions for you. First of all, with respect to LAR and your comments about I guess the longer exposure to the dose over 24 hours instead of over 12 hours. What's the potential that that exposure over 24 hours could potentially result in either adverse events or higher rates of nausea that would result in dropout? 
Daniel Bradbury: Bill, thanks for your question. So let me just first address the nausea because that's the easiest one to address. The nausea that we've seen in the Phase II trial, again that'll be in this very small sample size, is actually less than what we saw with the BID program and that would have been expected and we would expect the same in this Phase III trial as well.  And the reason for that is that the nausea is related to the peak concentrations of the drug, because the BID administration results in peak concentrations that are higher than the current dose of LAR that we are utilizing. We would expect actually nausea to be less with the LAR formulation than with the BID formulation.  So, the LAR formulation if you will is not merely a convenience of once a week. It's really a different product profile in the sense of having a completely different pharmacokinetic. And it's not unusual in drug delivery that one can actually achieve better efficacy, less side effects with this kind of flat profile as oppose to an up and down profile like in BID.  With respect to safety occurring with repeat exposure only is the clinical data can answer that. We cannot at this point speculate about that any further. 
William Ho - Banc of America: Okay. And I know Mark asked the question, but I'm still struggling as well to answer the question as to. I know your scripts are going up, but your sales figures aren't going up because of your discounting or sampling. So, how do you convert those patients, or how do you get them to start paying for it, paying the full price? 
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah, I would say well I think go back to comments that I made earlier in the Q&A session here about the fact that I believe in the second quarter there was really an exaggerated discordance between the growth and prescriptions, and the growth and revenue. And remember it wasn't just down to commercial discounting, but it was also due to reduction in days on hand with regards to inventory which as Mark commented later, earlier I should say that we've seen this before and we believe that the inventory at this point is at the lower level. But it would be held that going forward.  And so I think the one thing while it's true that we do need to continue to focus on continuing the acceleration and growth in prescriptions, we also will I think benefit from the efforts that we've been making over the last two quarters with regards to the range of marketing efforts on BYETTA. I would also reiterate the fact towards the end of the year we will be launching the SYMLIN pen which will be also an important component with regards to our revenue reporting this year. 
William Ho - Banc of America: Great. And one final question, I know there is still lot of concerns about a bridging study with LAR. Do you know any discussions with Alkermes when they have used their technologies in the past, have they been required to run such studies? 
Daniel Bradbury: It's a great question. Actually in the previous programs, they didn't run such studies. What they did do is they provided and in vitro and in vivo comparative data. But they were able to demonstrate the association between in vivo effects and in vitro studies that they conducted and we are of course are also conducting work of a similar nature, as part of the LAR program. 
William Ho - Banc of America: Perfect. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is the final question and it comes from the line of Ian Somaiya with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed. 
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks for taking my question. Two of them, one on the LAR trial design. Alain, are the baseline characteristics going to be the same as the Phase II, or any notable changes in the type of patients you are enrolling in the Phase III trial? 
Alain Baron: Yeah. Actually, Ian, just to mention that, so in the Phase II study the patients were either on metformin or drug naïve with regards to diabetes therapy. In the ongoing study, patients are on any oral therapy or combination, so they either on metformin, sulfonylurea or thiazolidinediones, or the combination of two of those agents or a drug naïve. So, there is some difference. We would expect however that in terms of the entry A1C that it would be very similar to what we saw in the Phase II program. It's remarkably consistent, is actually when you look across studies, unless there is some kind of event that is undertaken at the beginning of the study to change the patients profile in terms of taking patients off medication or something like that. It's remarkably consistent what type II patients in the United States turn up in clinical studies. 
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners: So, what would you expect to be the baseline HbA1c and fasting glucose? 
Alain Baron: Between 8 and 8.3, that's pretty much these days, Ian. If you look at studies Alkermes, it's pretty much in that ballpark range. 
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners: Right, and just a last question on the manufacturing process and the timelines there. Just to be absolutely clear when do you expect to be able to file for approval of that plant? 
Alain Baron: Well, Ian, actually we haven't given any guidance with regards to filing at this point. So, just to say the guidance that we have given is that we can expect to complete the commercial manufacturing process in the second half of 2008. 
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks Ian. Well, that was the final question maybe I'd just like to conclude with a few final remarks and just say thanks for everybody's questions today. This quarter was a remarkable quarter in terms of the consistency of execution here at Amylin across the organization. The sustained growth and adoption of SYMLIN and BYETTA and we remain confident in that in terms of the opportunity to future growth this year.  I think, it's fair to say that our most important development program exenatide LAR, I would like to emphasize remains on track. And we are pleased with the significant progress that we have made in our Ohio manufacturing facility. Second half of the year is also going to be punctuated with some very important pipeline program data and we have several key milestones to look forward to in the second half of the year.  Thank you everybody for your time today and we continue to appreciate as always the interest of the investment community in the activities here at Amylin. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, you may now disconnect.
